.............
Yeah fuck all of you for this.
You broke my family.
Lol
.......
What the fuck is going on here?
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
What the fuck Happening?
...40 cents...
I paid..40 cen.......
IT'S GOING UP
exit scam
Will it go back up after this shitty bitcoin fork?
That's why everything went down.
It's on sale
I hope you realized that's because BTC is going down.
still holding, dont give up linkmarines, we are facing a little bit of turbulence before we arrive at the drop zone
MOMMY
still holding, not selling for a long time.but this price is disheartening and brings out the fud in me, lately.
Black Friday sale bois.
4408773
TIME TO BUY MORE
Get all link u can get dis going big boys
>/biz/ shills link, "hodl till 2019 for x50 and 2020 for x100">one week later >"it fell, I thought it was supposed to moon, AAAAAAAA"Wow not one week later it's 2019, that's pretty fast!
I didn't even notice!
>mfw I bought at 52k yesterday>it's 47k nowwhy does this always happen to meeeee
Hi Linkmarines!
Newbie here!
!Can you tell me how LINK solves the noose problem?
Be real with me fags, IF sergeys shit actually works as he promises, and it works pefectly and can be easily adapted by other cryptos/business.
Again, assuming its actually works.
How high does this go
A chain is less likely to snap than a rope
Ripple MarketCap high
Shuddup u pussiesYou have been warned this is a long-term game, so stop whining.I wish I had the money to average down at this dip
Dude learn to have some restraint, don't go all in or bet money you can't lose.
Sorry about your family.
about 10-20$ in less than a week once everyone finds out
4410783No.
There is no middle ground for this one.
Its either moon or nothing
if in december swift makes an official announcement in which they suck link's cock and in february the network is launched and confido and all the other things start using link then this shit goes above ripple, which would mean it's sitting at $28
I think we should be seeing something like Ripple's marketcap, which is $9billion.
LINK has a marketcap of $55, so we should be seeing $32 LINK if we match Ripple's marketcap.
But I didn't consider the fact that we have a circulating supply of 350k and Ripple has a circulating supply of 39 billion, so I think all of us LINKies take the first manned moon mission to Andromeda Galaxy.
Just think about it for a second, we will eventaully be in the multi-billion dollar market cap anyways.
LINK is still at its infancy, so you better accumulate right now at a $55m market cap, before we take off.
it's almost like there is more than one person that holds this, crazy stuff!it's actually the other way around, buddy...chainlink might be stronger than rope, but you can't notice metal fatigue until it's too late.
a single point of failure makes the whole chain useless.
rope however is made out of tons of individual fibers, the chance that all of them break at once is highly unlikely.
thank you.
op delete this im quietly filling my bags
LINK is dead you idiotsmove on
Just bought 1250 more.
Are you really so fat that you're going to fatigue a chain while hanging yourself?
a single point of failure makes the whole chain uselessAsk yourself: what is decentralization and how does it apply to Chainlink?
> b b b but muh oraclesso glad i dumped this shit at .32 cents for quite a loss, but if if had held on till now i would be thinking about putting a glock in my mouth
What did you buy instead?
just saying it's smarter to hang yourself with a rope than a chain.
you can easily see that a rope is shitty, but you can't see that a chain is going to break any moment.
if you're going to kill yourself you should do it right, you know?
otherwise you might get second thoughts are something crazy.
or you break your cervical spine and end up as a drooling quadriplegic.
instead of the sweet release of death you get to experience living hell for the rest of your pathetic life.
1) Oraclize2) Ethereum Oracle service3) Coin not needed4) you can't even decentralize a centralized data source in many casesBut don't worry guys LINK will moon!!!
link is done.
created by a fat fraud.
already made millions of it and is now banging trannies in sea.
wait till fat sergey dumps his 300 million links.
my prediction one link = 0.0001 cents.
>tfw when you fell for a well orchestrated PnD groups bullshit ERC token.
Give it a rest guys, it’s over.
We fucked up.
Hard
Buy high, sell lowClassic.I will lmao when LINK is 20$ a pop
4411053Welp, looks like it's time to buy some more Link I guess.
half to BTC, half to LTC
LINK will be verge tier soon.ITS OVER.just fucking get out and move on you greedy faggots.You made a mistake.
Oh well.
Shit happens.Get.
The.
Fuck.
Up.
SON.
GET UP.It's not the end of the world.
START OVER and do it right next time.RESEARCH.>well it may be over for you.If its not GET UP AND GO NIGSWe get it.
You fell for a meme.
Laugh about it years later.
Move on.
Now.
Or lose everything.
And finally i have 20k link.
Im in 10% loss overall in btc and 350usd profit in fiat tho...Will i make it?
i posted this graph in alot of link threads, yet you deluded linkies kept calling me a fudding piece of shithodling is not a meme, but it only applies to very few cryptos like bitcoin and ethereumnot literal garbage vaporware erc-20 tokens like chainlink
That looks nothing like Link's price chart.Link spent three weeks in the low 40c range, while d0x simply spiked and fell.And let's not get into comparing the use cases here lmao.
fucking this.Well I'm done trying to save you /biz/ bros.I'm going back to hyping your doom and telling you to buy more.
deluded linkiethey have the same use case, as in they have no use at all and is literal vaporware only used to raise eth
Why you guys are sure that SWIFT will announce it ?
they have no use at all
I'm just holding, because this is my Link story:>buy 30 eth @ $10 a couple years ago>sell it all @ $300 a couple months ago to put it all in on link>$300 was worth $9000 but is now worth $3000>comfy with my 20,000+ link and not selling until they're worth at least $100Seriously, even *if* it went to zero and got delisted, I'm only out $300 at worst (which is what a fun weekend or an ounce of incredibly good pot costs).
I'm not selling.
That initial $300 stake is going to be worth $30,000 next year and about $3,000,000.00 next decade.
I still have a few months worth of rent & food money tucked away, two (soon to be one -- I'm selling the other) functional (older) cars, the ability to earn money, and relative comfort....did you guys really gamble your entire life savings on this?
How will you feed & shelter yourself through the long, cold winter before the moon mission?>hold fast
Keep it going anon, you make me feel better
why are you all so confident that an erc20 shit coin will have a 20b market evaluation lol
why are you all so confident a piece of cotton paper will have trillions in market valuation lol
I personally put about a fifth of my savings into Crypto and multiplied before Link was a thing and then went all in on Link.It sucks to lose so much of my crypto gains but I'm still 4X my initial.
All this hard FUD here really makes me think...Always do the opposite what /fit/ says and I was always fine
supercomputers anonSUPERCOMPUTERS
Have you ever looked at the purpose of the XRP token?
It literally hasn't got anything, yet people buy it in great quantities because ripple is doing so well.XRP is not needed for ripple transactions, it's basically a fucking coupon, and an extremely tiny portion gets burned whenever there's a transaction.
So you're saying I shouldn't eat my sperm?
Thats now how it works.
Get an Overview of the whole /biz/ mentality of a coin
Can't be fucked to read this whole shit show but SWIFT officially said that they would announce whether they are using Chainlink in early December or if they had found a cheaper option.
Good luck.
stay poor gaycucki bought it without doing any researchonce i did my research i got outYou will be lucky if it ever get close to $1, its never going to reach $20At todays prices it hasmarketcap $55,001,100 with 350million coins in circulation = $0.157 per coineven if it goes x20 from here, it will have a market cap of 55MM x 20 = $1100000000 Sergei release the remaining tokens and you have You new price will be (market cap /supply)$1100000000 / 1billion = $1.1Thats asssuming Sergei doesnt start dumping his bags everytime he gets an erection and needs more coin for trannies.
Wrong, the December announcement was about whether they were going to use Hyperledger Fabric specifically for their GPI project, or decide to look at other (blockchain) options.Link pretty much has nothing to do with this.
Buy my bags
why would they use this shit when they can just fork from their github and hire half a dozen devs to do their work.who would trust this useless Sergei and his halfwit sidekick Rory to do work for a mulibillion dollar industry.Face it Sergei is sitting on his new yacht getting his dick sucked, hes never coming back.
anons?
I stand corrected.
They way I read it was that it was the CL related blockchain project.
#4CHNallday
what if biz largely ignores my coin, am i good?
The remaining tokens aren't going to just be dumped onto the market, do more research.They're going to be distributed to nodes as they join the network.By the time all 1B tokens are out in the wild, that means the network has expanded greatly.
And guess what market cap a mainstream smart contract solution would have.
yes
There's been some confusion on /biz/ about the whole GPI thing for a while.Just know that GPI is a cross-border payments project, currently Swift's main flagship project, and that it takes a full day to complete transactions while blockchain alternatives (e.g.
IBM with Lumens) are virtually instant.There is little doubt they're going to end up using some form of blockchain tech for GPI; but again it is almost entirely unrelated to Link.
So LINK is going to be used for payment of oracles, right?
Is that tech not in demand yet?
They're developing the oracle node network right now.Still a tremendous amount of work to be done, hence why they needed the money.Chainlink network v1.0 was ready as a testnet before the presale, but the plan is a decentralized network, so it won't be a "finished product" until it is in mainstream use as intended.A centralized network would be a lot easier to implement, but then it wouldn't be fit for purpose.
From what Rory said they dont want to announce anything until the network is up and running.
If it's that far away from an announcement I guess we are fucked price-wise.
I wonder how long it will take...2 months?
a year?
five years?
the longer we have to wait, the more likely it is this was a waste of our money.
all that's telling me is to find something to get money to get a dedicated PC for a node
Yup it'll take 10 years.
Sell now
4411539They could release the initial version of the working node network any day now, really.The point I was making has to do with the fact that the network is decentralized, it's not self-contained.
It is made up of a vast amount of external nodes that have to join the network on their own.The infrastructure for this will probably be released soon, but even after that development will have to continue at full whack.
Can I explain why you guys are retarded?If you actually did any research, it's obvious how this was going to fail.The only reason most of you imbeciles bought it was because it was shilled hard on here by those that ultimately dumped on you.How does it feel to be played hard?
QUICK, JUMP SHIP

Damn sure youll be saying that when link hits cripple's market cap.
Yup.
And the main net release will probably be sooner rather than later.Sergey said a fully mature API node library is about two years away, and since this library an only begin to grow AFTER the main net release, this release will have to come pretty soon now.
Is that why none of the top 50 addresses have dumped and some even accumulated more, mr. retard
If you actually did any research, it's obvious how this was going to fail.it's actually the opposite, why are you spreading such low effort fud?
like vitalik said link isnt worth 32ml, hes been proven right!
DUMMMMMMP
Vitalik
There is a product that makes mine obsolete>HURR DURR IT ISUNT WURTH 32 MILLIÄNZ DOLLAZWhy even listen to pedos
4411634Let's not listen to whatever Vitalik says for a while.
pls no moms spaghetti
Vitalik>good at pricing thingshe said Ethereum isn't worth anywhere near its at.
He's bad at valuing things
pothead is a retardGlad you lost all your money.
SELL YOUR NEO!
!AGUHHHHHEHEHEHEPFFFFFFFFBLLFFF
tfw bittrex saved me from being a stinky linky by not listing it
oh yeah thanks for using all your research in your well constructed argument RETARD.
I'M TAKING THESE 100K LINKS TO MY GRAVE.
GET RICH OR DIE TRYING.
for me its ok
the bitcoin fork was canceled you dumbass
you can't cancel network events faggot.
The network decides what is canceled and what not.
Not 5 rich dudes.
Fucking understand decentralization.
so the suspected altcoin boom is still on?or are we just gonna see everything bleed mmore and more?
Youll meme bro, made a pretty penny on BCH and bought 27klink.
Have 4 eth, racked and ready to be shot into link.
FEELING COMFI FEST, THIS IS THE GREATEST THI G BIZ COULD OF GIVEN ME, THANkYOU GUYS,.
Lol the same ole "Yea guys thanks for the cash you cuc...I mean investors.
we're working on X right now once thats settled Y and Z should be easy.
Keep accumulating and holding while I get blowjobs on my new yacht.
Working real hard guys thanks.
"Deluded linkies.
Whoever is still holding this thrash deserves to loose money.
I doubt Rory got any of th 32m
I'm just happy that new buyers get a chance to buy it cheap.I want everyone to have that chance.
Because once nodes are operational, they'll have no excuse for not having bought it.
uh I don't think you understand what either ETH or LINK actually do.
LINK is hardly revolutionary, it's more like a bandage for ETH.
It's an Ethereum-based token for crying out loud.
explain.
I genuinely want to know cause I know someone who got funded 1 mil for an ico but I wonder how much he and his partner actually get from it.
Our product is not up and running 100%>Lets shill it as a working product anyway as the retards on /biz/ want that sweet $0.25
rory's just some shmuck that admins the slack channel
It makes no difference what kind of token it is.
LINK is simply used as payment for node operators.
Chain Link is block chain agnostic.
You can go make a BTC Chain Link right this minute.
once nodes are operationaldoesn't EVEN HAVE NODES AAAAAAAAAAAAAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHAHHA
Reminder that all the link haters in this thread are poor as fuck.
Hardly revolutionary.
~$0.20-ish seems about right.
Perfect home for LINK.
You can go make a BTC Chain Link right this minute.yeah so go do itoh wait chainlink has been being developed for 3 yearshmmmm maybe thats the reason why it will be successful?
Congrats on this.
Seriously
https://create.smartcontract.com/#/choose
How far into your ass did you have to dig to get that number?
jeez guys link is already very very low you don't need to make any more FUD, just buy now
all the way into the intestines, where valuable building blocks get turned into - SHIT.
Just sell lol
You guys are idiots.
https://pastebin.com/6xcsc2jR
delet this please
Where did this info come from?
you can't even decentralize a centralized data sourceI tired of repeating: even if a source is centralised a company would need a data provider to read that data.That is why having many nodes with the same data sources is actually good.
The idea of believing what you see is intuitive to you but not computers.
A computer has no way to see if a data source looks fishy or a data provider is surely a fraud.Computers can define truth only as a consensus opininon.
If you need a consensus about, say, temperature in Paris, you need lots of ppl living in Paris to tell you what it actually is.Seriously, go read Wittgenstein.
LINK makes perfect sense once you read that mofo> but what if node operators provide malicious data?Then they lose their LINK or even get prosecuted.Also, Sergey is doing his best to construct a trustless network.
That is what oracle problem is.> but fraud at source level puts honest node operators at riskThat's another part of oracle problem and it is already solved.
An operator can prove he is not altering his input.
Then all accusations go to the data generator.> but EthereumThey have plenty of other problems.Go check their roadmap and such.
RN security of existing system is their priority.
They have no time to do oracles.> Coin not neededRN it isn't but it will be a measure of trust to a node and a payment method.Can anyone point out any faults in my argument?Still holding LINK.
If you sell now, make sure you have a clear idea what you wanna do with ur money
Literally bancor 2.0.
Enjoy your dead coin.
Nowhere, I just looked at the market sentiment.
You're not smarter than the market.
Now please explain where your delusional price predictions come from.
please remove
delet
I never predicted a price.
It's impossible to do so.
But if you think it's going to stay at the current price when companies actually start using it, you are delusional.
Right now it's all just speculation.
Remove it.
Its fake
Thanks, unironically just bought 100k
Even worse, LINKmakes Vs project actually useful.
He's just pissy about it
I'm pretty sure I can part ways with my investment in LINK if it doesn't work out.
However, the same sentiment does not apply if I pulled out and missed out on a potential top 5 coin in 2018.
b+ market cap.
Not even memeing dude.
1 quadrillion market cap in 5 seconds ladsGET IN NOW
thanks just bought 100k
does anyone have a resolution image of the chainlink logo


so basically you have to hold until we live in the future?
Post a fat Sergei pic.
I need it for an art project.
I think you might have learnt the meaning of the word investment
So good I got a soon to shoot REQ to cover my LINK losses


dev team went on holiday after the ICOandthey never came back
Sergei will not abandon this project.It's not about money it's about vision.BUY NOW while it's still low.You don't want to have to be a wageslave yoru whole life do you?LINKIES HODLremember we have MEME magicTHERE IS NOTHING THAT CAN STOP THISmeme magic elected Trumpnow its meme magics turn to make YOU rich.YOU decide NOW.
I got 2.2k LINK coins, am I gonna make it breh?
BUT I WANT MONEY NOW
Every time /biz/ shills something it crashes and burnes.I eth and mon are next big things here right now.
Guess you know now what to do if you hold them?
will you consider $440,000 making it?this is the most real project
yes just hodl
isn't it a bit ambitious for 2 man team?
there's a lot of very successful companies that started with 2 people.
I don't let things like that deter me from noticing the value of the service they plan on providing.
Hiring great people is easy when you have a product that everyone knows could be something massive.
lol the fud is real, bitcoin is near ATH, shitcoins are depressed, once bitcoin corrects shitcoins will recover, stop being retards
checked
incoming ltc and btc crash all, anon bought in
 isn't it a bit ambitious for 2 man team?> Google The absolute state of /biz/
already up 4x from ICO I'm not particularly well informed but all I hear are people lamenting their losses after having bought at or near ICO price.Is this just outdated, or is it plain wrong?
I'm not sure why they're throwing that December date around, but that SWIFT will work with LINK in some capacity seems quite high.
My following question is not FUD:Sergey's previous project was an utter failure.
Even if I find value on chainlink, shouldn't we judge the chances of this project's success on Sergey's track record?What if the problem this faggot is trying to address is legitimate, but he is the wrong person to do it?
google seems less ambitious than this, this is "yeah everyone will totally use our shit to power everything in da blockchain future and not some other shit" level of ambitions.
going all in on something like this doesn't seem very smart.
Bought some more at 16 cents, in hindsight I could have gotten it cheaper but whatever.
Thanks for the discount, Pajeet.
REX master race
whatever project you're referring to (I bet you can't even name it) was not "his".
he merely worked on it a little bit.
LINK is entirely his baby after he recognized the truly great problem there was to solve.
pussy money don't make no money.
stay home pajeet.
i hope your 0.3 BTC makes you rich.
Apple was a 2 man team
yup.
and personal computers in every home was seen as a very, VERY radical and stupid idea at the time
Over 9000 hours in paint.
I wonder if they blasted cold air on her tits when they filmed that.
ICO is still up, but many on /biz/ bought in the 30s and 40s so are down.
......
How much are you trying to buy right now, anon?
at least crop the cube fuck dude lazy as fuck.
-100 meme points for laziness, -100 for faggot little girl anime shit.
wake up one day>SWIFT ANNOUNCES THEY WILL NOT BE USING CHAINLINK>every single thread on /biz/ is LOL LINKIES BTFO>mfw
So guys, I’m trying to accumulate, but I’m paranoid that some crazy news will come out of nowhere and LINK will shoot up to $1 within hours.
This led to me buying up a bunch of LINK now, but is limiting my accumulation potential.
What do you think the odds are of some crazy announcement or leak happening before the end of the year?
k link is awesome bro; scoop that shit up
Unlikely before January.
You are fairly safe.
what is a realistic timeline for there to be a working product?
Im interested in becoming a linkie, I can't imagine you guys can keep getting JUST'd at this rate for much longer
Q1-Q2 2018.
Originally it was going live Q2.
Rory said things were going well and it might be done sooner than that.So assuming March at the earliest probably an announcement for the network going live in February or January at the absolute earliest.
Nothing will happen in December.
I don't think it would shoot to $1, but some new exchange might push it up significantly.Side note, just bought more LINK at 2k sats.
That was the last of my play money.
Wish I had more to put into it at this time.
Easy 50% gains at least once BTC settles.
Just a few days ago this was 3500 sats
4413216>Chainlink is the next google or apple>Not the millions of other small startups that failed.Deluded stinky linkies
I am in the process trying to get my Ethereum into Binance, anybody know how safe binance is?
Does Link have its offsite wallet available?
Like Ether?
Yeah, Binance is safe.
Just google ERC 20 wallet for a wallet to store it in.
Gotta risk it to make the big bux.
Stay poor
It goes in your ETH wallet.
inb4 ROPE ico
it's funny that you say that, chainlink actually has more in common with rope, than with actual chainlink.
multiple fibers = multiple nodes, no single point of failure, making the whole system stronger/ more reliable.
I PUT MY LIFE SAVINGS INTO THIS AT 45 CENTSFUCK YOU BIZ

What’s the meaning of this?
You mock me with this image of a smug frog?
Tell me /biz/:>is running a node worthwhile and easy >how many links do I need to be a node
No and No unless you are a valuable data provider already and care about node priority.
is running a node worthwhile and easyno>how many links do I need to be a nodeliterally 0