Friendly reminder that Omisego Marketcap is double of Neos.
That means Omisego will always be tied to half the price of NeoAs you can see, it is 4 times under the price of Neo at the moment, meaning it is very undervalues OR neo is overvalued
Fucking idiot
ratios are stable and immutable and have nothing to do with real eventsI fucking HATE this bullshit reasoning and I see it everywhereStay poor dumbass
You're so fucking stupid.1.
It looks like you just discovered market cap and how we use it to compare crypto between each others.
Congrats, but sharing this like an advanced knowledge just show you as ignorant2.
Every crypto is not supposed to have necessarily the same market cap...
It depends also of the project, its potential and how are token holders are remunerated
Never go full retard
Damn you are dumb, for multiple reasons.
4432097This Confirms my belief omisego is about rise in price.
Why else would people post this shit
Literally because you're an idiot
It's not about OMG, I have tons of it and expect it to climb.
It's about your fucking dumb school boy reasoning
Omisego Marketcap is double of NeosHe hasn't quite got it figured out yet.
4432140Oh I see the problemI meant total supply not marketcap
Bait?
The first sentence of your OP is wrong.
Completely wrong.
NEO is 3x OMG market cap.
4432145Ok it's a bait, i got it now.
You got me OP
You are still an idiot.
I can make a coin with the same supply as OMG, call it ShitCoin, and its supposed to pump just because NEO is pumping?There are tons of shit coins with the same supply as OMG.
Are you actually not fudding right now?
OMG is one of like 4 coins that actually has a future.
It has the USD pairing and partnerships, so any other shitcoin you are talking about doesnt matter.
Im talking about OMG and NEO because they are big boy coins, not shitcoins
Go and never come back
I know, right?1!Instead of OMG or NEO, the smart people are all on Bitconnect.
It's so high in the value it's only going up!
And it's partnering with Bitcoin, that's why it has the BCC tag!Seriously, sell these other shitcoins.
But BCC.
Do it
Imagine being this guykek, dont be so overzealous.
I might not bewho I appear to be
kek'd
OMG is fine, I own some.But to say OMG is going to go up simply because NEO is going up in absurd.
Disagree.
Ive watched them since they were released and they do follow this patternThey are equally popular, and I would even say Neo is the meme version of OMG
Neo is the meme version of OMGOk I'm done.
Good luck.
if you dont think Neo is a fucking overhyped meme you are insane
OMG is just a ERC20 token, one of the better ones but nonetheless just a token.NEO is the blockchain of the future smart economy.NEO + GAS marketcap combined is still a fraction of Ethereum's.
So much more room to grow.