So is Lisk going to dump today or tomorrow, or will people buy upon hearing the date of the rebrand/SDK release?Price looks pretty wedged right now...
I dumped in the hopes that it will go back down to 8k sats
1 bump
I was interested in lisk until i found out it only works with C#.
Winblows LOL.
Sold today..
I hope it pops back to 5$
but it's JS based?
I don't know much about coding, so do you care to explain?that would be a beautiful gain for sure.
it's volatility has grown my port by 35% in two weeks.
loving it.
What is it going to rebrand to?like a total name change?
They are working with the marketing team that does Mercedes, and yes.. supposedly a total rebrand.
The date of this rebrand is supposed to be announced along with the date of the SDK release tomorrow.
They’re keeping the namet.
Guy who sold at 60k to buy NEO
You sure about that and F.
Yes.
There will not be any “big” announcements from Lisk this week.
I followed them for quite a while, and they have often frustrated holders for their lack of concern for big flashy announcements and pumping attempts - SOMETHING THOSE FUCKING CHINKS COULD’VE LEARNED THIS WEEK Price will dump a little after the announcement.
I will probably meekly get back in at that point.
FUD.Its java script and runs on all OS's.
Yes, I've looked into past events by the LSK team, and kind of have to agree... it's pretty much the only negative thing I can find on their team too which is good... Where are you hoping to get in at?
if we get down to 10k sats it would be nice... but the lower the better.
Will probably do half just above 100k and half just under.
I don’t think it will go any lower now desu.
It’s a solid, credible and still cheap project and people will be holding in anticipation for the actual rebrand and sdk launch.
I actually really like how they’ve managed things so far, I was a fucking idiot to sell at 60k.
But that’s crypto baby!
I don’t think it will go any lower now completely agreed...
I even think 100k is reaching... but either way it will be a profitable buy in the coming months
bruv
im by no means an expert, but i really beleive lisk is one of the most overyhyped, over valued coins out there.
its a lot of promises and very little actual making good on those promises.
im staying clear of it personally.
other coins do what lisk does, and are better and cheaper
Well the big tell all will be when the SDK is released....
They said Q4 2017, and guess what?
It's Q4 2017 and there is announcement on it tomorrow.
Also, what coins are you talking about?
Ark?
overhypedlook, it may be a 1b mc coin but no one actually talks about it or doesn't know what the fuck it does unless they were here pre-summer.