Is there anything worse than being bullied by your own coworkers?
I don’t know... maybe getting fucking killed at church?
U r faggit
being slowly tortured to death for weeks at a time with your genitals cut off
Whenever someone disrespects me even in the slightest I straight up punch them in the face.
If you let them keep going the disrespect will be in the air and everyone's gonna join in on it.
mistakenly kill your coworkers with a shotgun and end up in jail for the rest of your life ?
kekk fucking bully them back OP do something show them your high test
Join a boxing gym.
Two months from now they will buy you shit instead of bullying you.
Not buying LINK at 2200 that's what.
I went in with 15k USD.
Ho lee fuck do I feel good right now.
4250676What is wrong with you people What if they're stronger than me
Give an example of how they bully you.
fucking bully them back OPdo this m8, its actually really funny to bully people.back when I had a job I used to bully the dumb cunts in the office.It went so far that one cunt send a whiteknight manlet so he "talks to me", told him I can say whatever the fuck I want and pumped myself a bit up like a gorilla, dude was walking backwards and talking and then was fleeing into his office.
why do you allow people to disrespect you?
especially lowlife coworkers with no goal in lifealpha up OP
i got fired for this.
I was bullying a commie and he complained to the mangers and got me firedworth it
I directly bullied the HR cunt, she actually wanted to suck my dick but I rejected her and made her feel ugly.
nothing makes me feel better than first turning some hoes hopes up and then bullying her about all possible things, like her looks, her being fat, or just making fun of her age.
being bullied by your parents!
OP can’t handle the banter
go to a gym then, for now just return the banter i guess
They insult me because im fat, have acne and am kind of awkward.
How can I banter back?
just point out that they contribute to society as much as a fat awkward acne riddled kid,