FIFTY CENTS.
NOPOWS BTFO
I will buy when it's over 2 dollars.
God damn.
Sold my link and hopped aboard.
Feels good.
I just bought at 67 centsdid i fuck up
Yes already at .50
i had 2500 back when it was small.fucking kicking myself.
bought back 1300oh well.
nah.
its going to keep ogin upit'll be a AUD$1 in a few days
New fag here, I’m buying shit through coinbase but only limited to ETH, BTC, and LTC.Where can I buy all these altcoins?
Is there a better app than coinbase
Guys its going up still.
Asian markets will keep buying like they did last night from 30c and woke up to 40c in burgerland.
Go to bittrex and send your bitcoin to your bittrex account.
Pretty easy.
if your in australia, its coinspot.com.au
few daysYou mean tomorrow right?jsut crossed 7000sats.
I'm writing a love letter to Dr Green now.
almost exact same, had 2400 for 800 sats fuckk
i was hoping it was going to drop down about 20 cents to buy more.but looks like my transfer will take to long.fucking arseholes!!!
I'll keep buying just because that lady is beautiful.
Going to smash through a dollar tomorrow night.
Jesus the buy wall on this thing is no pump and dump.
ITS MOONING
probably later tonight at the rate it's going.it's got government contracts.
its legit.
Remember to buy high sell low.
some guy i was talking to the other day said he bought US$25000 worth.he's probably already 2.5x his money.
if he didn't dump it.
yeahhh sure.
Yeah I know.
I saw the Mayor of Freo facebook post to their medium blog about their governemnt detaila nd immediately sold everything I had on bittrex into power.
I managed to buy jsut short of 3000 but I wish I emptied my ETH wallet too.
WHY DID I SELL AT 30 CENTS
Where do I even buy POWR?
bittrex.
>go to work >come home k richerIm so happy i need to jack offWhat should i jack off to lads
coinspot, binance, britrexx or something
blockfolio
redpill me on POWR
its hammering.im waiting for my transfer to buy some more,slow down!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
buy first alt coin>POWRtfw
>tfw sold at .42How high is this going to go?
The FOMO is killing me
ty m8
oh my lord, this is outragous
This shit is going thru the fucking roof.
WHEN WILL IT STOP?!
IS THIS THE CHINKS?
david martin - 20 yr electricity expertdr jemma green - deputy mayor of perth.
It's going to $3.72
my first alt coin was neo at 8 dollars but i didn't sell when it started tanking like an idiot.
dont make the same rookie mistake
its literally mommycoin
lol made so much on this coin I don't even give a fuck it's still mooning after i sold
video about ithttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jMqMRs34_u8
What's the difference between this and solar coin?
POWER LEDGER>another fucking dapp tokenDEADONARRIVAL
LOL im guessing she didn't write back
HOLY SHIT!
I've made it boys!
I've finally made it!
Best bet is to buy ETH or LTC on coinbase and them transfer that to an exchange with more options like binance for example, and then you can trade for alts there.
Binance has no verification for withdrawals or deposits, 0.1% trading fee and good volume for trading.
4459614She's all about LinkedIn
Should I sell my bags right now?
Or hold over night??
Dr Green is hot
it is already worth $1AUD
Hold anon didnt you see what happened last night?
went from 30c to 40c.
hold itit's only going up.it's made to be used as credit for electricity sharing.
Yeah I was apart of that.
Woke up feeling great.
But I got a feeling it might go down to like 5k.
Although it has a trend of pretty straight up.
idk
why is it mooning?
1 DOLLAR TONIGHT
yeah but i heard this coin powers some aussie banter powered energy network and has high level contacts in the top eschelons of Australian power, I'm sure its going to the moon, this is my lambo then im out forever.
>what could go wrong?
no, only 80cents australian
OVER 9000!!!!
THE POWER LEVELS ARE SO STRONG!!!!
holy shit its rising to fastshould I sell and rebuy the dip?
AHHHHHHHHHH

nope.
0.943c
just dipped hard
i dont think it will dip, but im hoping it does.because im wanting to buy more.
Already recovering 9200 sat on Bittrex, 8300 sat on BinanceCheck your fud
everything always dips after a huge run up.
just jumped to AUD$1 dollar !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
!FUCKING HELL!!!!!
ive never seen anything like this!
GOD DAMN WHY DID I SPEND TIME MAKING THIS POST INSTEAD OF SELLING AT THE TOP
YEAH!
going to $2
BUY AT THE FUCKING DIP ITS GOING TO KEEP MOONING LAST CHANCE
kekek
LITERALLY DOWN 1000$ IN SECONDS
Of course I buy in and it's already dropping.
dont sell.
this is a bitcoin sort of thing.
no where as high, but it will keep climbing
How much you in rn?
WE ARE BUYING AT THE DIP.
FOLLOW THE GAMEPLAN
WowowOW nice 1 minute chart fajeet
WHATS THE DIP ON THIS THING!
buy the fucking dip!
POWR
Yeah look at 1hr charts to find a buy in point retard.
why did it dropped to sub 8k
>gains 10 cents and loses it all in a period of 5 minutes
Doesn't matter.
Don't ask again.
Buy the dip.
i didnt sell the tipim still in since 3100 from two days agofeeling /comfy/ and i think i'll hold for at least 8 more hours
4459799Can someone give me the rundown on why these prices are going nuts rn?
What news led this?
I want to impregnate that woman.
Tell me I can.
In 12 months you can impregnate whoever you want with the gains from this coin.
This isn't news, it's either just natural growth caused a FOMO fest, anticipation of Palm Beach or whales playing games to exploit rumors of Palm Beach
How many would I need for that?
Very interesting.
Thanks.
You are a fucking moron.
Actually research the god damn project lmao you are going to die poor shitposting on this board if you don't actually start using your brain to research actual blockchain tech.
You won't be cocky when you are on BCH island.
Did you even read the post?
I've been holding since 2100 sats but a spurt like this isn't related to the project in anyway.
Last chance to buy heavy bags of shitcoin.
Open your assholes gentlemen and eat the dump
This coin is going the way of the Lil peep
>come home >see i gained 4k >shit pants>goes down 2k I dont know how to feel right now
all in at 55 centscan see this going to $2 by new yeareasy 4x
If by that you mean off planet into space, then yes you are right.10/10 going to buy a benztruck now with crypto gainz.
Sell you retard it'll be a dead shitcoin by the end of week
Alright guys help me think through this.This is the first wave I've successfully caught in months of trading crypto.
If I sell my POWR for ETH now I'm 2.1 ETH or $1000AUD richer.
Now I'm pretty confident that POWR will slowly triple or quadruple in value over the next 6 months, but maybe I should sell now and try to double my money again elsewhere?
Invest in BTC stop being a poor Nig.
Think like a Jew
Hit resistance but now on the move again.
This is a pump and dump.
Don't get greedy, sell when you have 2x-5x profits.
here we go up again!
Do half bud
first government backed crypto currency>first crypto to have partnerships, one being the biggest Energy distributor in AU, Origin Energy>"pump and dump"You're a failure at life lmao.
Nice shill post.
This is how you know it's a pump and dump, rabid shillers.
You move like a ninja in and out with a balance like yours.
I made $1,200 in 4 days with 50 trades.
My initial deposit was $3,000.
So I made $1,200 of $3,000 in 3 days.I have previous experience day trading in the NYSE back in 2010 though.
I also understand what is going on geopolitically and also who all these people are which gives added insight.
You also need to put yourself INSIDE the minds of other day traders.
Especially on runs like this... you have to put yourself into everyones thinking patterns.
Don't be greedy.... take your 10% scalps.
Know when to get out, even if it means taking a loss.30% of my trades lost.... but I never let them go below 3-4% of total portfolio.
Fuck man... the amount money flooding in this market how the fuck can you NOT make money.
Plus, when you sell your Alt's back into BTC, ETH those fuckers are going up also.... we're making money 24/7 hereI have another $6,000 USD coming in two weeks.
So, I'm going to turn $10,000 portfolio into $100,000 in a month or two.HAHA, I'm going to war boys.
Wish me luck.
God speed boyos
Looks like Stefanie Joosten's older sister.
Share more knowledge please friend.
Nice shill post.
This is how you know this crypto is for real, rabid FUDders.
>don't buy it:it moons>buy it:it drops 1000%
>bought confido and dcorp instead of powr a week ago because I thought it was overbought at 20 centsAyy lmao
I'm not fudding you tard.
If you weren't a desperate shill you wouldn't give a fuck about what I'm saying.
Watch the RSI, MA indicators on your charts.
I flip back from 1,4,15,30,1hr,4hr,1D like a mad man before firing a shot.... watch the RSI 1,5,30min while you're in a trade knowing when to get out..... you buy and sell 10% AFTER each RSI movement.
You understand?
So if the RSI hits bottom, WAIT for it to start moving up at least 10% of the way before going in.Keep your eyes on the hype train.... and stay in a mental + physical healthy state with proper diet.
Drink coffee and go to fucking war....Lift weights during down times.
GET THAT MOTHER FUCKER YEAHWe're going to be driving speed boats in the caribbean fucking super models.
I started with $270 (all I could afford) last Tuesday and right now it is $750.
I don't understand how people are losing money and I only wish I could have put more in to start.
I don't even know how to do technical analysis of charts I just use common sense I guess?
my man, thanks nigga.
had a bunch of these at 1k reee indeed
I was in the same position for BCH, except I forgot to sell at the peak and I'm back at 250 bucks.
Don't be a retard, secure that money.
Great job guys.
This thread is now a crypto hog appreciation breadYou have been visited by the beautiful crypto hog of wonderful gains, please comment "oh thank you crypto hog for your sizzling hot bacon flavored dank gainz, bless you baby boi"If you don't crypto hog will eat your gainz and shit them back out into his own food and eat them again and you will be forced to be a broke vegetarian for all your days because of the scars your eyes have suffered.
"oh thank you crypto hog for your sizzling hot bacon flavored dank gainz, bless you baby boi"
"oh thank you crypto hog for your sizzling hot bacon flavored dank gainz, bless you baby boi"
SHE'S GONNA POP.
GET IN BOYS!
up or down
up lol
Are you me?
"oh thank you crypto hog for your sizzling hot bacon flavored dank gainz, bless you baby boi"
oh thank you crypto hog for your sizzling hot bacon flavored dank gainz, bless you baby boi
your playing with fire expecting it to gain more than this.
reminds me of xlm at 1k sats after IBM announcement
I DID IT AGAINI FOMOD AT FUCKING 8600IM JUST GONNA SELL IT WITH A BIG LOSS, DONT WANT TO BE A BAGHOLDER FOR MONTHS AGAIN
discord group is about to boost this again
So the market Cap is 212 000 000 $ for a newly started project with no working product yet.
Lmfao what a fucking bubble
are you retarded?
you know nothing.
HERE WE GO
This fucker is probably going back down to 64 over the next 5-6 hours, then make another run through the week.It was fucking Sunday night boys.... people wanted to make some cash before going to sleep.
Always keep your mind focused on OTHER peoples minds.Way too risky for me to get back in.
I was watching the charts, thinking about getting in but this thing went STRAIGHT UP.
I told myself, don't do it, it's about to correct but it kept going, hundreds of dollars were flashing before my eyes.
Even after 10 minutes there was no stopping this ride so i put in the buy order.
Few seconds later it crashes to 6700.
You realise there is working hardware and software you fucking retard go watch the videos.
There are people using it already gl being poor forever

If you're caught that bad hold on... it's going past .70 cents for sure.
Just not in the next few days is all.Sorry bro...
This coin is actually the only one with legit good news.
The whole $8 million investment from Australia.
You know, that is unheard of for a shitcoin.
So yeah, you'll get your money back.
boi u better gethe fuck on with that debil hell far
Bought in at 7507 a little bit ago, any chance I sell for a profit in the next few hours?
Stop trying to sell in hours you need to hold till EOY.
Wtf is the matter with you all do you have ADD?
There are a lot of fighters left.
You can see them gasping for air paddling in the water.
Seriously look at the 1 minute candle.HAHAHAHA
If you're trading on binance bnb pair (0 commissions now) than I think you have a chance
when are we going to go for one more run.
I want to go to bed.
Wed and Friday is my best guess.
My order just filled.
So I am off to bed for tonight.
Work in 3.5 hours lmao.
goodluck boys.
I JUSE WENT ALL IN
buying at +70% 24 hr changewell done son, well done
I started buying when it was 8800 faggot.
Now I just closed my position for the night up 14%.
Kill yourself faggot.
If that is a legit pic then you can see a falling wedge.For all of you noobs out there that signifies a major pump will happen.
No bullshit.
Look it up.
% is an amazing day.
On the fucking NYSE you have to do massive research to hunt down a daily like that.
In this fucking cyrpto market the shit happens every day between a selection of 30-100 coins depending on which exchange you're on.30-100 Coin Picks VS 1,000's of stocks on the NYSEThe point it is far easier to find your daily rocket in crypto.
am i going to be able to sleep or is powr going to dump soonish
Just made 7% on that little pump.
Sold right before it dipped again.Thanks for turning me on to this coin /biz/.
Whose going to catch this falling knife?
POWR IS MOONING HARDDD ON CRYPTOPIA ITS OVER!
LAMBOS NOW.
ANOTHER BREAKOUT APPROACHING!!
Why is nobody talking about this crazy volatility.
SOOO many opportunities.
So this is my first trade, I already made 12%.
However, I think I'm going to hold this for a week or two, this is going up day by day, isn't it?
It won't be a 1 day phase, if I'm not wrong.
Market Cap is way to low compared to other cryptos that do nothing.
What did you buy in at?
.58..
Which is kind of retarded, because it already had 89% daily gain and the feeling is pretty much the same of that when you chase something rising.I mean, once side of me wants to sell right now, because it feels like dip is coming and whoever shilled/PnD this will sell his stash at a given price..
The other side is telling me that this is great team/product and to hold for next 2 weeks at least.
I'm expecting a dip soon and then to regain strength.
This shit exploded way too fast and I don't think it will go up much higher today, however, the Americans haven't woke up yet to this shit.. and I'm thinking that they won't even jump into it, because they will see it as a missed train after almost 100% gain.
Anyone, what's your opinion on what I should do?
Holy shit I bought powr at 23 cents it is now 63 cents.
Only wish I had got more.
4461868Very strong price support at 7500 sats.
How do I change my price to sats on Binance?Also what does it mean that it has strong support on that price?
(First time trading).I see one wall was just bought.
It should say the price in sats in the top left, next to where it has the price in usd.
i.e 0.00008070 $0.65.
It also says the price in the title of the tab.
I sold half my stack at 8400 sats and will buy back in when/if it dips tomorrow.
Or just sell the second half at the next pump.
4461883Bought at $38 sold at $68>I want back in...
if its on BTC then its on sats.
.00008060 is 8060 sats basically, just easier to say.Strong support means not many people are selling below 7500 sats, which means it will likely not go under that any time soon.
will buy back in when/if it dips tomorrow.Me too brother.
I am looking at a generic chart not on Binance, but trading on Binance.
That's why I'm ref'ing sats.
I don't see this.
Do you have a screencap ?
4461944Oh I see, I had ETH chart so yeah..
It appears "Advanced" interface does not show it.
4461997Oh I see, you guys are not trading BNB pair.
There's a promotion on Binance rn where all BNB trading pairs are completely commission FREE until DEC 1st.
Why would you not take advantage of that?
Is that because you're trading POWR/BNB and not POWR/BTC?
Isn't this the most textbook ABCD pattern, where is the stop price?
Oh, i didn't know that there was a commission free promotion, might switch over to using that for the next couple of weeks.
Thanks anon.
Where is this going if it breaks 8500 satoshis wall?
>>>/int/82022466>>>/int/82022466Get in there
Use me ref code please anon if you sign up10751999
Already trading on binance unfortunately, just under BTC/POWR instead.
No, you use mine lul
$1
what do you mean if... here we are as i said it would
If I hadn't made an account yet though, I would have 100% used the ref code.
NOBODY should make any accounts without using ref codes imo.
It's just keeping money in our hands and off the hands of the exchange executives.
my god it broke it.
But isn't there a whale with 200k of POWR sitting on 8700 satoshis?
,9k now
Can someone tell me how do I make automatic stop loss on Binance, if it falles bellow 'x' price and automatic sell if it goes above 'x' price?
lol.
Not sure if you can do that m8y.
Likely will be one of the next features for this exchange.
It's been growing super fast.
Binance don't have stop losses unfortunately.
second this pls
Can someone answer me?
Given this is textbook ABCD pattern, where is D going to be?
It's making nice higher lows and probably will continue to rise?
Where is my selling point given the risk ratio?
Bought at 0.58.
Pic related, look at this beauty.
just broke ATH and still going!
Dude, stop trying to use TA on this coin.
Let me explain something to you.Up until now with Powr coin, 99.9% of coins were bought and sold on speculation.
Virtually none have working products, the ones who do aren't being used by anyone, and NO REAL PARTNERSHIPS have been announced.Enter Power Ledger.
This coin came out the gate with a working product, a partnership with the largest energy company in Australia, Origin Energy, was given 8 million dollars by the Australian government, is run by a top notch team full of highly successful business women, men, engineers, etc, are in CONFIRMED talks with Elon Musk, and are currently IMPLEMENTING their product into the real world.Literally no coin has done this before.
Your TA will not work because it is not speculation investing, it's simply investing.You will be so sorry if you don't buy as much of this coin as you can below $2.
The power shills are not liars, if you look into this coin you will not believe how rock solid of an investment it is.
No they aren't in talks with Musk, he requested an information pack from them, that's it.
NO REAL PARTNERSHIPS have been announced.
this pwer shit hitting 1 bill with 1 bill coins, literally ppl buying with fomo , their ceo seems con artist.
day and night tweeting.
power holders will become powerless soon
Not if you sell before the dump.
This is very true, but I'm going to buy in when it dumps after not being the PBC coin.
Serious question, are you fucking completely retarded?The CEO is the lord mayor of Perth you stupid mongoloid.
was given 8 million dollars by the Australian government>they think this means somethings
Why?
The pump is happening rn, itmwont buy til you buy.
It will probably die when you buy.
Because this pump will last another 10% or so, then PBC will confirm it's not the coin and it'll dump very fucking hard.
I don't need 10% with that risk rn is all.
Your picture literally says "partnership discussion" you idiot.
OMG does not have any actual partnerships besides Thailand McDonalds and if you know anything about Thai people you'd know they don't eat that shit like Amerifats
Are you stupid?
No one is buying this because of PBC.
Literally no one gives a shit about your little indian pajeet pump and dump group.
go take a shit on a road somewhere faggot then kill yourself.
I think you're wrong.
Look at SLR
Is there a feature that shows on graph (Binance) where you bought in and sold out?
Why do you sound so aggressive and angry man, chill out big boy.
emma green is the co-founderthe main man is david martin, co-founder and managing director.
25 yrs experience in electrical commerce and technology
Fuck off pajeet.
WOW!
20%!
!SLR will be dumped hard, even if it is the PBC pick.
Pajeeka doesn't know shit about crypto, his picks have been either obvious or lucky.
He is a shill to the highest order.He didn't call shit, he does what we do except he charges you 3000 a month for shit I'll tell you for free.
His little faggoty pump and dump group can't do jack shit.
Power is superior to SLR in so many ways you literally can't even compare the two.Go ahead, why would anyone invest in SLR?
What does it have going for it besides made up hype from PBC shills like you?kill yourself please
Fuck, I already 2x'd my investment but I want MORE but I also don't want to be stuck bagholding.
Where the fuck do I put the stop loss???
>thinking that power companies such as origin, energy australia and agl will allow for this fuckery to succeed with a coal loving federal government
Don't go to sleep.
I don't sleep during moon missions.
Too risky.
It's not luck, his pnd group pumps those coins for his subs.
Holy shit calm the fuck down you gay cunt.
You're right, a few people here aren't buying because of PBC, but a lot of people are.
We've seen what that newsletter has done to coins.I really hope you never make it and end up sucking dick for a living you faggot
If this is literally buying for PBC then there's about to be fucking wojaks
Too late, I'm already a crypto millionaire faggot and Powr will make me a multi-millionaire.
Like I said no one is buying because of PBC but rather better fundamentals than any crypto currency ever in existence besides bitcoin itself, go take a poop on your mom's drive way then go back into her basement where you live and kill yourself you fucking fag.
What is definition of PBC and SLR?
SELL SELL SELL, IT'S DUMPING
If you don't care about pajeeka why you so mad that powr is not the pick.
Who cares?
It's still pumping since yesterday.
This is bigger than anything whatever pajeeka has pumped in his life.
Why is it mooning?
Pussy Bitch Cunt and Slur
We /larp/ now boys
because it was mooning
Because more and more people are finding out it's not an actual shitcoin and has potential.
You'd be stupid not to buy it senpai.
dumping >sitting idly at 8.5k satsyour hands probably look like my daughters
4462718You mean you invested your week's lunch money into crypto, don't lie man.
Crypto millionaires don't get so angry over nothing.
Im glad your parents beat you.
It will reach a dollar in 5 hours or so.
This coin is too solid, money is pouring in and pajeet flippers are too scared to exit because long term investors are entering too fast.
implying he isn't all in like a true /biz/raeli
Its been steady winning since it's release, it has a govt grant, it is actually really implementing it into the real world.. this is a steady gainer.
im going to hold until it's market cap is in top 20 atleast.
I'm not mad at him besides the fact that he's an omega class pajeet scammer, I'm upset that people think POWR is pumping because of his little shit group of pajeets.
Powr is the real fucking deal, don't associate it with a piece of shit like teeka and his loser following.
*Remembers how GRS wasn't close to done when it hit 8K sats*
IOTA just mooned to $1>Urge to sell growingDo I convert to POWR or stick with IOTA long term?
This is the next $100 coin for sure
he's an omega class pajeet scammerthis, the guy is running a legit 90s era boiler room.
The only thing he's missing is calling you everyday making sure you're depositing your money...
Biz doesn't care about ethics man, the idea is to source the pick ASAP and make a quick flip and give his normie subs the bags.
use VPN to switch IDS>shill your shit ICO>??
?>PROFIT
>went all-in at 3000sat>sold at 6000I-It's gonna gome back down right?
no.
never.
this coin is going to $2 within days.
Was just on AU local news AGAIN.
holy shit, this coin is real deal, not some shady scamcoinelectric cars, Tesla, etc.
etc.Power Ledger Price Prediction, Analysishttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Osx7Jk_jkBQ
buy link now
i fucking sold 25% of my POWR before i went to sleep because i thought it will not rise moar and i had sweet gains... damn.
also fomoed back and now losing... still firmly making profit tho.
gotta get more POWR
is it just gonna go straight to the moon or dump hard soon?????????
she's a nice qt, i'd smash
Just buy and hold the coins on coinbase.
Garunteed steady gains.
Best noob advise you're gonna get