Hello /biz/ what are some secure 3x~4x in the next 2 months?
XMR
There aren't any.Invest in XMR and ETH.
Then put a little investment in your personal shitcoin.
Nice, would racemix/10
Nobody knows, but the surest bets are always the biggest market caps, BTC, BCH, ETH, WRP and XMR.
If you want to gamble, I'd bet on Upfiring while it's down 5-6x from the initial FOMO.
The market cap is low, and they plan to release an alpha version of their software before the end of the year (incentivized P2P file sharing).
TenX.
I wouldn't buy XRP because that would be x100 so that's too much for you
Hehe but its XRP safe?
Do you put your hand on fire by that?
QVT
link
FACTOM.incredibly under rated.
This is being pitched to business' for data security.
When block chain tech becomes more well known, and normies/business buys in to the idea, FCT will explode.
I'm holding mine until quadruple digits.PBC had this as "buy up to $50".. right now it's less than half.
Beginner just practicing anatomy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RzhXncTVOzAWalton
astro
No such thingIt's just luck
WTC, MOD, EVX and VENat least one of them will go 3-4x
It's tough to say.
We're having a pretty healthy discussion about them in here.
After calling NEO this morning, onto our next venture https://discord.gg/tdNw5Vp
Her thigh gap is making me drool.
Her pussy would peek through if she bent over!
as a beginner it looks great!the breasts and certain parts are a little wonky but keeping practicing on it
Intense coin on stocks.exchange
SUB
Agree with Astro as upcoming coin of choice.
Ico went under the radar and only 4 mill coins were minted as a result at $1 each.
Dividend earning coin so will pump on the run up to December's dividend/app release.
Confido
XLM, very low marketcap, as much bank partnerships as Ripple, already have ATMs that can change Singapore dollars into Lumens, 2 ICO developed on the Stellar network.
blockCAT
I'm a beginner as well, the first thing you really need to do is remove your chicken scratches, then work on removing symbol drawing.THEN you start working with anatomy, don't worry I'm literally on the same boat as you.
Keep up the good work.
Ah yes let me just look into my crystal ball to see what next digital gelt will multiply my money 4 time... hmmm lets see
secure 3x~4x in the next 2 months
POWR
ark, you can hate it but this will be the next 10x
REQ PLS very good VERY cheap PLS
MCO
Scam
year, LINK6months, BAT2 months?
heck do I know, probably some ICO that is not even out
ELTCOIN and Copico
LISK, short as well as long term.
If people could call 4x monthly they'd be billionaires.
Stop being greedy, try to find things that are under valued and spready out your risk in them and you'll do much better over time than betting it all on red repeatedly.
OCL (Oceanlab)
Wtc
No joke.
If this specific asian qt doesnt suddenly barge into my room and let me bodyshot her, Im gonna hang myself
Was going to say monero but this guy already did
#4CHNallday.
Unironically this too
My chinese gf looks like that, tits a bit bigger.
Fuck her brains out every night.
Life is good.
congrats anon.
i would smell her feet and lick them all the time
Actually, yes.3x money just the last month.
"hey BIZ shill me your heaviest bags" thats what your actually sayingdo your research make your own mind upfaggot
Walton, Confido, possibly Power Token
PIC related its me
Comfydo
lets do this thing.
ODN.
Tons of new things coming out December/January.
If BATs campaign to advertise their direct payments starts a trend among demonetized youtubers.
Definately BAT.
>hello /biz/ I want to make 400% profit without doing any work or research, just tell me what to buy and I'll buy it :^)t. average /biz/ poster
Sorry friendoHow do you do your research?
;^)