Prior to Turkey Day, we will have some more major announcements, updates, visuals, and exciting news to share.http://announcements.blockmason.io/blockmason-brings-on-new-team-strong-foundation/This is one of those tokens among a sea of shitcoins being shilled on here that has a platform released with applications already developed.
With over $1.7 billion dollars raised in ICOs this year, only a small fraction of companies have had a product in place at the time of their token sale.
By raising funds with no product this leaves no incentive for developers to deliver on their promises as you can see with the current altcoin market.
This is your chance to invest in a platform that currently exists and is going to make huge waves in the coming months.
So where is the great potential in this product?First, a little about the token:- 10 million market cap - 45 million circulating supply and 116 million total supply- Recent listing on Binance, Etherdelta and Kucoin- Recently announced a third fully-functional application coming to their platform- Product-use token rather than investment token (positive tax implications)The credit protocol platform built by BlockMason provides the infrastructure that underlies the future of credit among any currency on the blockchain.
It is a platform for anyone to build credit ideas on top of their open source protocol.
Since ICO they have grown their team to accelerate the roadmap with the following additions:- They have brought on a partner & lead strategist, lead technologist, web development lead, mobile app dev, lead operations & finance as well as an art director.
Along with these new additions, the team has welcomed the likes of Anthony Di Iorio, founder of Jaxx and co-founder of Ethereum, to advise the project going forwardYou can see all of that information in depth here:https://blockmason.io/
Additional information on the platform:They currently have two fully-functional products on their platform:- The first application, "Foundation Manager", is a compiler that forms a necessary component for any application that wishes to integrate multiple addresses into a single identity.
- The second application, "Friend in debt", is a simple and powerful application for creating and settling debts among friends.
This enables long-term debt tracking, digital credit histories, personal loans, community crowd funding, and much more.- The third application currently in the works, "Giftchain", is an application for minting gift cards and tracking customer loyalty on the blockchain.
This allows for individualized gift cards and customer loyalty rewards programs.Future applications to be developed on their current protocol include:- consumer loan programs - university meal or payment plansGiven the information above, I can't see the product staying under the radar much longer.
delete this till tomorrow
Has working product?>*points to LINK*>Will fail and tank
no need to wait look at the order books on binance right now
I googled "bitcoin" yesterday and got a shill article for this on seeking alpha.The normies already know.
Not that they care, but they know.
Why does the token have value though
http://announcements.blockmason.io/how-do-cp-tokens-work/this explains it well
sounds interesting
checked
let the announcements come out before you keep posting
peer to peer lending with no collateral will put gofundme out of business, why pay huge fees when you can use the blockchain.
another huge factor is the security that they cant take it away from you for controversial crowd sourcing
And how are they to ensure people will repay their loans without collateral?
Just look at their website.
This team is literally three knobs in espadrilles lounging against lampposts for glamour shots.
It's obvious from the looks on their faces all they want is to take your money and fuck off off to Pattaya to suck ladyboy cock until the heat death of the universe.
Their lending platform couldn't even carry SALT's left nut