>HE DIDN'T BUY THE DIPHAHHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHHAHAHHAHAHAHYA'LL NIGGAS READY FOR THE OFFICIAL CHINESE BACKING NEWS?
honestly?
biz, you guys are pathetic
i am so excited for this news.
I am a big NEO fanboy
$100 bydecemberisstill on
source of rumor ?
big news
I JUST KEEPS FUCKING GOING UP HHAHHAHAHAHA
mfw I bought the dip lel
You got two weeks to triple in value
would you look at that, it's still hovering around 4400 sats like it has been for the last week
doesn't have to be december 1st bro :^)
and yet now this time BTC is worth almost 8000 dollars, you brainlet.
We all bought the dip u stupid fag, brb x2 and buying link with the proceeds
he measures his gains in fiat
yup.
by December means by the end of it :^)
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHPLEASE DON'T PULL A RIPPLE ON ME
he has no gains at all
Just for that I am going to sit in this thread and watch while your gay ass shitcoin goes back to sub 4000 sats in the next couple of hoursalready at 4200, tick tock
>tfw would rather stare at the order book on Bittrex than watch a movie or read a book even though I'm not day tradinghas crypto ruined me?
lol ok. you sound like a 12 year old
I hate it when cryptos do this teasing shit.
Why no straight up say it is about NEX (neonexchange org) whitepaper release?
Seriously what a fucking tease.You gotta admit "BIG NEW COMING" is such a pajeet tactic.If it is genuine big new though...damn...we going orbital
books are gay
You sound like you know that I am right.
4170, your pnd is bleeding out already anon.
You know that question mark on the Omisego slide?
Psst it's Neo.
it was 4k when i made this thread.
if you bought when i made it you would've made gains.
I'm going to put all of my neo gains this year into link.
And then I'm going to be rich.
it's not that weird.
link will be destroyed by ripple
i-it's the chinese ethereum g-guys>is literally banned in china
In.
Huge news coming up.
Will hit 100$ soon.
sounds like a plansounds like a tard
I could have made more by going into GAS.Values fluctuate, but this is no moon mission.
Get out while you can.
>haven't been in NEO for 2 months>just randomly bought in yesterday after BTC hit 8k almost all in>this tweet comesthis is my coin, antshares made me rich, NEO will make me lamborich
I'd be careful biz bros.
Moon mission isn't confirmed yet.
buy the rumour sell the jews
Dude, absolutely same story here.
Good job NEObro.
Yes, it looks like GAS dumps harder than NEO dumps and vice versa for pumping.GAS is incredibly low volume compared to NEO however.
Wow, me too.
Missed the rebrand from antshare.
Sold too early.
Hope this is just as good mooning
4414841we only need bitstamp to add it (which it most likely will soon)
only place im finding shills is hereChinese definitely know about this website<insert coin here> backed by <insert asian country here> <insert news here> post on 4chan.
$300 usd a week is $1500 for them
mfw dip shook half my stack out at 417feels bad to have tiny hands
The news is re branding guys.
They're going back to ant shares.
I do this all the time.
I'm happy I found a hobby
All of the NEO News in one spothttp://coinmarketcal.com/?form%5Bmonth%5D=&form%5Byear%5D=&form%5Bcoin%5D=NEO+%28NEO%29&form%5Bsort_by%5D=&form%5Bsubmit%5D=
feels good to have 2.5k neo
larping this hard
>All these broken English 'NEO to the moon!'
postsHmm, seems legit
larpno one on biz has more than 500 NEOs.
2 dollars up calls it a moon mission.
I have 660 plus 50gas
It is only late if you buy it on the third day, there is 3 days of hype and pump
looks like consolidation phase is over and NEO continue going up
You PnD faggots get more and more predictable
Gas booster is ready to fire too in minute's
let's gooooo bois
PnD???
Are you retarded.
NEO has been steady as rock
What people don’t understand is that I don’t think the NEO team has EVER done this (announce big news before it comes out).
Like, one of the most frustrating things about NEO was that they DONT announce or heavily promote very well.
I truly believe this is going to be big.
.33916378 NEO AVAILABLE
See the events.
News is surely about government acceptable
lelliterally bought yesterday after not being in it for 2-3 months out of a hunchmy gut > your 200 IQ
lel sure thing buddy
I put in a GAS limit buy order last night for 0.002150 on binance, looked like a good dip> mfw bottomed out at 0.002269 and just missed my orderwant to buy in but not sure what kind of cool down this run up will have
Can one of you fuckers dump pleaseYou've made a good profit, it's my turn now
/comfy/
i fucking warned you yesterday to buy in at 3700. why the fuck didn't you listen?
Too busy buying high and selling low BCH
You're all fucked..Again don't even know what the news is and you are all buyingNEO FLIPPENING GAIZNEO IS FLIPPENING QUICKLY ABORT BITCOINCASH...
B U YUY
i warned you to buy at 3700 yesterdayi warned you to buy at 4000 when i made this threadi'm warning you now to buy at 4500 before this shit hits 8000 in 3 days.will you finally listen to me now?
WILL THIS MOON EVER STOP
AHHHHHH .0045
Surely the 10k neo guy will dump...right?
Just boaight some NEOGAS, am I fucked?
GAS is solid, often it pumps actually more than NEO but dumps heavier too.
if you just bought in at 4500 and you're a pussy then prepare to exit around 5000. iron fucking hands will hold until 8000 which it will reach in 3 days.
About to hit 25%.
Holy fuck, guys, this is not real.
I've made my portfolio to be 50% NEO, and was hesitant to sell, because it was down all week.God, I'm so happy now.But when do we sell?
Pink Wojaks when?
Steady until at least 70-80s
Yes and you can obviously do both.
No ones dumping, casing a panic sell, you're so fucking lucky.
4k6 now, how high are we going?
I'm a bit scared.
k is a good exit point for pussies
i think NEO will go at least to 600 k in few coming hours
Lol sold neo on 32)))
Never sell neo
I might actually go straight through 5k holy fuck
I dont get it is this shit gonna moning 3 days in row or we will see correction by tomorrow ?
i bought the dip yesterday at 3700 and i'm not fucking selling until 8000.
3 more days of holding :)
Moon please, need that lambo, anons can stay poor 100$ by the end of the year.
If China regulates ICO, this can surpass ETH easily.
Volume is mooning this is just the beginning
WHERE THE FUCK IS MY ENTRY POINT
Right fucking now!
Go in fast we reach 7000 in an hour
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WdAyO1_0noM
you fucking idiot.
read the thread, i fucking warned you guys so many times.
now is still a decent time to get in but you gotta be fast.
I do this too and feel happier than ever.
WAIT don't catch a falling knifelet it consolidate
http://rmbtheory.com/china-allowing-icos-neo/cant visit site it got accidential ddosed by neo investors
Haha I read it.
Basically if you want to launch a china ICO....you have to use NEO.
We lambo nao
the fuck was that
FOMO IS REAL ON NEO JUST BOUGHT 10 BTC, HOW FUCKED AM I?
it's going back down
SOMETHING BIG IS HAPPENING!!!
NEO is a $1000 coin.
It got fucked by the China ban news and now that's over-turned, the moon is in sight.
ITS BEEN CONFIRMEDChina news leaked says China will only allow NEO based cryptos like ERC20 but for NEO.
FUCKING 300$ HERE WE COME > BUY THIS NOW, THIS IS ETHER BACK IN JAN.
Stay comfy, m8
the fuck is going on???
bullshit that was overturned
true neo hodlers knew this was coming since weeks.
November 18th - 19th, 2017: NEO attending China open source conference 2017: Source: http://www.huodongxing.com/go/coscon17November 21st, 2017: NEO attending swissnex China in Shanghai: Source: http://www.swissnexchina.org/en/event/future-of-moneyseries-coming-to-china/November 26th, 2017: CoZ announces #1 dApps competition winners each winning 1350 GAS Source: https://cityofzion.io/dapps/1November 27th, 2017: ONCHAIN meetup NYC, Onchain's Blockchain Project Launch + NEO Ecosystem Sharing Session https://www.meetup.com/de-DE/Onchains-Blockchain-Project-Launch-NEO-Ecosystem-Sharing/events/245101761/December 4th, 2017: NEO attending Blockchain World Conference in Bangkok: Source: https://blockchainworldconferences.com/December 7th, 2017: NEO meetup Singapore: Source: https://www.meetup.com/de-DE/NEO-Singapore/December 13th, 2017: NEO meetup at Cambridge: Source: https://www.meetup.com/de-DE/NEO-Cambridge/non stop moon now
you'll see in 3 days ;)NEO isn't like OMG where they announce news ahead of time and then it's nothing.
matter of fact this is the first time they announced an upcoming news ahead of time.
They will release NEX in 3 days:https://neonexchange.org/
/comfy/ as fuck
when is too high to get in?
Very close to the ATH for bitfinex
meetup, meetup,meetupOnly important things are the first 2, rest are irrelvant
guys I think its getting dangerously highthey gonna dump on us
Its too late for this pumpIt generally true once a pump occurred and you notice it's already too late.You should have bought ANS when it was 3$
i did, im in, but only like .3btc—was htinking of buying more
next push will kick us to 6000
Sources, faggot
Pushing all in on NEO for about 5k you guys better not leaving me holding BAGS
Only bags of dosh, friend.
Just bot in.
You can dump now I guess...
Just went all in neo am I fucked?
fucked by a beatifull young lady with nice tits a great ass and a tide pussy.
4417303maybe I don't know why you guys would chase the pump
this time it's the real deal, blue sky ahead.easily 70$ by the end of the year
if this is the beginning of the PUMP and it hits 200USD+ I'll be okay and can buy more of my ETH and ETC that are stable
And of fucking course I'm a bag holder.
Never.
Fucking.
Fails.
>bought ANS at 5 dollars>only bought 160
it just begins baby.
its gonna be 3 days up up up and then small down and then outer space if the news were good
It's been 5 minutes.... you should just quit this all together.
got in before the moon.
My question is, when is this gonna correct.
Any predictions?
?>Whoever thinks that it's gonna be 3 days up up up is a brainlet...
china is sleepy sleepy now just wait.
This is my fucking screenshot you bitch.
The fuck are you posting my shit for?
Implying crypto money sleeps
I got into crypto yesterday, can anyone explain what the hell is going on?
It feels like I need a dictionary to understand you guys.
it might correct to 45-4600 in the next hour but then moon again to 5k and up.
Prepare to have everyone try and sell you on buying this
little correction ahead
Tanking hard holy kek
Here we go again.
I buy then we insta crash.
Thanks guys.
tanking hardJesus we always have to go over this every fucking week with newcomers.
Back to plebbit then.
Can you direct me to some sources where I can get my basics down?
I just followed some youtube channel into coinbase and gdax.
seeing more Red then Green on the Right, means we being Dumped on now.
I'll get my Pink Wojack folder ready for it to correct to $20USD and me lose $2,500 in 30 minutes.
Im here from /fit/, dont you dare
how high is this shit going to go lads?
when people post red wojaks buy up thats all you need to know
$100 by December.
back to $60
if the chinese news is correct it will be the next ETH around 200USD or but if it hits it's last 3month ATH it'll be .010 (Around 70USD)
Not fast enough for me aaaa
I always fall for this.I want to thank You win buddy, you got me.
I'm down a few thousand dollars.
At $150 it is still less than 1/3 of ethereum's market cap.
I was buying ANS before you were a wee lad
Altcoins are legit gambling pretty much, and how a lot of the newbies chase big gains, get greedy and then lose it all because they didn't take their profits (converting their coins back to BTC).
I don't know any sources for learning about this shit though since I just learned from trading.
It'll be tough getting in because almost everything here is people trying to shill you a coin they've already bought in on.
Safest thing to do would be to just hold onto whatever you buy (like BTC) and watch altcoin charts on Bittrex until you feel like you've gotten a feel for how things workIm here from /fit/My man
We are going to be Bag Holding for sure O.O
>holder since ansFeels real fucking comfy anons
I guess my entry point will be at 425k sat
gj bruv.
I mean it :)
Feels real fucking comfy anonsWhy the fuck didn't you sell at 0.0125?
I was in heavy with Neo but ended up switching thinking ETP is the better of the 2.
I bought in early and sold at $32.. Hopefully I didn't make a huge mistake..
I bought in at 1.42 for ETP so still doing quite well
I hope this happens.
I wasn't done accumulating.
Is it up again?
okay this is where all the China info is coming from 3 days - so this is just the Accumulation Pumping - do we Gamble it all on NEO?https://twitter.com/MalcolmLerider/status/931521977839505408
Bought ANS when it wasn't even shilled on /biz/.Fight me.
[spoiler]at least we're both in the green[/spoiler]
never go full retard
Dumping now.
Seems like it is over.
Thanks mate
ITS NORMAL TO HAVE A SMALL FUCKING CORRECTION YOU DUMB IDIOT ITS GOING UP AGAIN DO YOU EXPECT A FUCKING INSTANT MISSION TO THE MOON WITH NO DRAWBACKS?????
JUST BUY AND HOLD FOR MORE THAN ONE HOUR YOU FAGGOT.PS: NEWS IS IN 3 DAYS SO YOU HAVE ANOTHER FEW DAYS TO SELL THE NEWS WHILE PEOPLE BUY THE RUMORDO WE HAVE TO FUCKING SPELL EVERYTHING OUT AND FEED YOU FUCKING NEWFAGS WITH A GOLDEN SPOON???
?kys
Not me.
Bought @ 479900.Bleeding money now.
Pink id confirms.
I didn't buy a single BCC (BCH) token during the 2,400 ATH - so I'm only semi retarded, I've been waiting for NEO to moon for sometime now, and this maybe it.
split the wins and buy something else.
I wanna see a win story from you in a few months :)
I bought at 457k ill be ok right?
just lurk more like any boardI don't understand /fit/ for shit because I've never lurkedI understand /pol/ /tv/ and /biz/ because thats where I crosspost
Is it too late now?Also I have no idea how to buy or store these digital pennies.
Someone please help an old lonely man
thats a complicated way to spell "buy my bags".
I know this is normal, some of us are trying to get these guys to panic sell when it drops $3,...
I do, I’m sure there are others here
Wait literally 20min and you will be up a few k
going up
Im new but I started with coinbase, which is very noob friendly but it has ridiculous fees.
Gdax is the same company i think as coinbase, with lower fees.
People here seem to be using bittrex.You have to verify your identity with a drivers license or passport.
Hook up your creditcard or bank.
Creditcard is instant with high fees and bank takes a few days to set up.
being holdling this for months now, why the fucks it rising, the chinks back in the game?
I sold this months ago at $40.
Good job fellow ans holder
>check Bittrex wallet>NEO>"automated maintenance"youve got to be shitting me.
nice blog post
Big news coming in 3 days apparently: https://pbs.twimg.com/media/DO2nkFiV4AAHPbT.jpgSome dodgy site claiming that NEO will be used for all ICOs in China: http://rmbtheory.com/china-allowing-icos-neo/Asia wakes up soon...
DUMPED AGAIN.
FUCKING CHINKS
what dump it's back at 470k faggot
buying high againFucking biz
>tfw bought this months ago at 490k sats
up 15%>get dumped on>panic sell @450>it's back at 470>spent three hours trading and am now back to square 1I FEEL CHINKED
Lolololololollolollolllolololoolooololllookllollloololollllllooll
all of this Hype is from some tweet from some guy who said he's a "Council Member" for NEO on twitter, that's it Can Anyone verify this is Malcolm Lerider and who the fuck he is, I just staked a shit load on this one fucking tweet.https://twitter.com/MalcolmLerider/status/931521977839505408
Malcolm Lerider>Senior R&D Manager - NEO Smart EconomyYangpu District, Shanghai, ChinaSoftware
Thanks, then this is a hold for 3 days, if the news is as big as people are hyping we are going to ETH levels meaning a 10x over a week.
I'll be happy with a 5x I lost $200 just getting into NEO for 100 coins.I know it's got the potential to easily hit $50+ by tomorrow just don't want another BCH
No, rising wedge ahead.
You should be good
tfw bought at 530k sats
'We are going to ETH levels meaning a 10x over a week-'Shut up, just shut the fuck up.
Why do people need to pull shit out of their ass like this, and sound like they actually believe it's true.
sssshhhh NEO will be 8k by Monday.
China gubberment announce flippening NEO into BTC.
I literally sold my last NEO 10 hours ago FML.
Guys its legit, the Chinese government will ban all cryptocurrencies except NEO which is exempt from the ban, buy now this will be bigger than bitcoin.
It won't be bigger than bitcoin faggot, however.
It will be number 2 or 3 that's for fuckin sure.
biz strategyBuy high sell low
At loss I might add.
I know mate, I fucking know.
In last week I've had chance to sell ARN, HST, and NULS for tasty fucking profits but greed for more left me selling first 2 for loss, just fucking holding NULS for now.
I was about to complain about fucking /biz/ being a bad influence on me but realized I'm part of what makes /biz/ so fucking retarded in the first place.
I can’t trade NEO on Bittrex .. what’s going on!!???
"Routine Maintenance" aka moon mission incoming
Market closed for maintenance, at the worst possible time definitely no shady business going on.
Does this have something to do with GAS???
You know what.........maybe it does now that you mention it.
Who knows man.
0.0052 noware you just going to wait until it's 0.008 to buy?
Lol, been holding NEO for months simply because I was too lazy and too crypto-jaded after all the BTC-drama to bother transferring to exchange and selling.My laziness has actually paid off for once.
You can trade on bittrex whilst there is maintenance, just use the trading link.https://bittrex.com/Market/Index?MarketName=BTC-NEO
Guy you are overlooking this huge conference that is about to start too.
This is going higher then you guys are expecting.November 18th - 19th, 2017:NEO attending China open source conference 2017:Source: http://www.huodongxing.com/go/coscon17A lot of big names will be there.
fuck it, if it keeps going up i will go all in tomorrow.I am going to bed.
thisalso I don't even remember how many times sleeping/wagcucking held me back from doing stupid decisions
When even the shoeshiner tells you to buy NEO.
Sell.There's no way China is going to give ICO monopoly to one blockchain.
Quantum has the right connections in China.
THANK YOU
Please, I hope it does.
the issue is that these chink faggot whales don't know how to pump properly.
they just fucking buy everything in 1 giant dildo and then let it bleed.I swear to god they exclusively trade on 1-5 min candles.
those lustful eyes
ANS in my pantsi loved their slogan when it was antshares.
they need to rebrand asap.
Every fucking time.
It's why I've stopped using Bittrex senpai.
realized I'm part of what makes /biz/ so fucking retarded in the first place.Most people never even make it that far.
Well done anon.
I fucking loved that meme ANS-bro.
Sell the rumor