Alright fags, listen up here's your challenge:Prove to me that you're holding an alt coin that actually has potential and I will trade you 1 BTC for $3k of it.Why?Because I'm a richfag, idgaf, and I'm honestly convinced this board is now just a buncha of shills and pajeets pushing you their shitcoin.
prove me wrongpro tip: you probably can't
self bump
Poor fag here.
Holding this.
I believe in the projects and also trying to recover from the bch buttfuck kek.I would appreciate tips on how to stop sucking at trading more than the btc.
And also enjincoin because the team is fucking awesome and it's goons moon st some point.
Also adoption should be good because gaymers know how to use computers and shiet.
Didn't include it in my portfolio because I bought it at ico price and don't want to get shit mixed up.
Omegalul.
Nice fake blockfolio.Up 180840%?
Maybe he downloaded the app just now
I dont need your btc
that's not how it works
I've learned to stop trusting 98% of /biz, find reputable sources and study the market and you'll be good as long as you do your homework.
You gotta start somewhere.
I can't give you too much advice on how to get rich though simply cause I got lucky off of an insurance compensation package and just invested in some BTC and pedothereum lol, as well as some alts
Show your yearly graph retard
Would be happy to trade you 3k worth of MOD or NEO for 1BTC.NEO already mooned quite a bit, but the potential given favorable Chinese regulations (which are almost a given at this point, seeing how they're cracking down on BTC trading and mining) is still enormous.
MOD is also a no-brainer because of existing product, partnership with big pharma company, test runs being done with several huge corporations, ties to Swiss government, revenue sharing, etc.
4374438he's right, I just downloaded to show you guys the rough estimate of my btc and some shit coins I've been shilled into.
I'll trade my pedothereum too but I assume no one wants it, up to you guys
So let me get this straight.
You're a richfag in crypto and you see the wars a brewing all around us, and the states of the world making threatening overtures, and you hold no zcash or monero.Maybe it's you who can teach us something?
hmmm, I have a reasonable amt.
of neo, how would the two compare I know nothing of MOD
174k>richlmao
Take a look at LISK, I think it looks promising.
Meh.
So you won the lottery basically.
Can't learn much from that.
And you're wrong, this whole market is a complete mess.
A good project like link tanks everyday while a shit project with no working product like omg moons because stickers and fake partnership.
Everything is hype, stop looking into whitepapers and fundamentals.
everything is a pnd, you just have to be on the right side of the pnd at the right time and you'll succeed.
Ride with current meme that is being pumped right now.
You'll x10 your money pretty fast.
You're the one that doesn't work.
As I said I received a lucky insurance payout and grew my net worth slightly in cryptos.
I'm not fully invested in cryptos because I think a lot of it is just speculation.
Thx for the advice man, what's the deal with ARK?
Looked into it, you should honestly keep the MOD with the amount that you have, don't want you to have to look back on that.
Although, if your offer still stands you can trade me some NEO, wouldn't hurt to have more now that I think about it
Right.
Get some Monero at least then.
Insurance policy for if the states of the world start trying to do the impossible as a bloc and ban crypto.
It's most likely to be last man standing in that scenario.Free tip.
The state of biz is terrible.
Look at that 24 hour change, he is just larping.
How about I trade you a shotgun blast to the face for you sucking my dick?
I will definitely consider.
got into mining XMR for a little, but it wasn't worth my time or electricity
Ok man, read my other posts, it's your choice not trying to force anyone here
Then post your address so we can see your bitcoins on the block chain.
Oh wait you never will you larping piece of shit gigantic faggot who should take his nigger ass and shove a grenade up it.
Haha, thanks for considering that, although I would've probably gone and just doubled my MOD stack with that BTC ;) As for NEO, sure, I'd be happy to trade you some, but how to do that in a safe way?
Like I don't have my btc in an ecrypted wallet and implying I use the same address on transactions
>STOXA reputable source told me that they are working with the USDA to be able to by them with foodstamps.
I'll put some btc on a bittrex acct, what's a deposit address you are open to share?
willing to trade?
muh encrypted walletWhat you think this shit is Monero?
Ahhahahahahahaha You have no idea how bitcoin works because you legit own bit bean and ebet.
So you come in here hoping to scam people out of alts because you lost money on your shit trades.
God damn you are pathetic.
So I shouldn't store btc in an offline wallet...?
tfw i got shilled into buying bitb and ebet
AUd6BYNYfBBCSVDy7eBrciiaYQjz5MStdTNeo address just in case you decide, your choice bro
When i see pending dep., I'll send, attach your deposit address if you're serious,
G9moBeSure, man, here is my BTC address:1EyymAHgaSpWgXNpvQbz1PeStgv2d13Bxg
But I can't send first.
NEO goes through like butter and BTC will take hours to confirm.
Isn't there some smart-contract p2p platform we can use for this?
Or are they all still in development?
Does anyone know, anons?
not that I know of :/ if we can't find a way, nothing will be lost in not doing the trade haha
I'm ready when you are friend, but understand I am not trying to get cheated out of bitcoin
Don't do it lol, think.
I totally feel you, but that's the problem with anonymous forums - we're both just anons and have no way od verifying that we're not trying to fuck each other over.I mean, essentially what you're trying to do is send me 1 BTC for about 100 NEO, right?
So you might as well just send me 0.5 BTC and buy the NEO on Bittrex yourself :p But are you sure you wanna pay such a hefty premium for recommending a coin you already were invested in anyway?
Thanks, appreciate the warning, but I'm not that naive :p I wouldn't even blindly transfer 10 bucks without having any form of assurance that the other party will follow through :p
he is so "rich" he should send first
Please Buy my BCH :-Even if you think It's a Shitcoin, I can prove you are wrong -8*more transaction per seconds-Scalable blocksize (they can make the Blockchain faster with just one update)-Special Difficulty adjustments to make Manipulation harder and make the coin somewhat more decentralized-Around 35*less fees right now-Almost isntant transactionsI only have 1 BCH right now.Can you buy it for 0.5 BTC?
what wallets do you use ??
correct he has cash on bittrex he can buy NEO thereinstead paying more than double to send you
My address : 1JaPpJWgMGStW14dYfsa4TANZFwXbCZdSi
Buy more ebet
Have some dignity bitch
Hahahah 
https://discord.gg/a7thCv come get rich, idiots
Just so you know I'm not larping, OP :)
how do you find the right meme?
Anyone here who can help a newfag on /biz/ with that software you use to buy coins and shit
Or just a pastebin guide would be nice
Definitely not gonna give you .5 btc for that but if you 'll take .35 then go right ahead:1Fu13euEBbRAhqfKtByk2gS9ujzcnEiMZi
I'm definitely considering just sending first I just don't know if you're gonna deliver haha
OP confirmed scammer
No doubt Request.
Willing to trade I don't see any better coins out there for several reasons:>Professional team - doesn't fuck around trying to create false hype like OMG, but are instead doing regular updates and recognise the need to be on more exchanges even though they believe DEXs are the future.
They also stated that anyone could DM a team member if they had questions/concerns about the project.>They already have a product and clients - check out moneytis.com, the team has stated that they all clients currently using moneytis will be transferred over to request.
They have also stated that no more time is being spent on moneytis, all time is being spent on request.>Their project is needed.
This is auto auditing and accounting, and opens up a whole new way to pay, rent and get paid using continuous invoicing.
Think about if you're on a salary at work, then every second more money will be going into your account, and money will be coming out for rent, electricity, phones, car repayments, etc.
You won't have to worry about getting large bills and finding the money.>They have a roadmap on how to get companies and governments to use their platform to port their tax systems over to through incentives bounties and taking a large cut of the fees ran through the contracts they create.>They are backed and funded by ING and Ycombinator and they aren't able to tell us the details of either partnership as of yet.>A portion of the tokens used as fees are burnt, and they have stated their will be an opportunity for staking after plasma/casper are implemented.People get rich by backing companies with good fundamentals from ground zero.
I feel like I've got a good chance to make a very good return on this and am going to try and take it all the way.
Feel free to think differently.
Which reputable sources?
https://steemit.com/cryptocurrency/@cryptobrodog/request-network-an-ambitious-coin-flying-under-the-radarRequest Network.
basically paypal 2.0.unlike other shitcoins they have backing from ING Banking group and YCombinator, and are building off of Aragon, 0x, and Civic.
The reasons in the article listed are why it hasn't fucking MOONED yet, its launch was sandwiched between a bitcoin hard fork and a summer of scam ICOs.do you want my wallet now?
steemit, some /rs, crypto compare, and btc talk is alright
I'll deliver.
Just saying that for you, it'd be a much smaller loss than for me.Since you're basically looking to pay $6600 for $3000 worth of NEO, why don't you just send the $3600 (0.55 BTC) overhead first and I send the NEO?
And once you have the NEO, you can send the rest if you feel generous.So in case I don't follow through, you're not losing more than what you're willing to give me as a free bonus anyway.
Alternatively, couldn't we use BitBay for escrow?
you seem like a nice dude, pls don't prove me wrong
ETH
AUd6BYNYfBBCSVDy7eBrciiaYQjz5MStdT
not gonna hop on request network?
i will literally tell you that i have all my savings in this token.
anyone else having bittrex probs?
2 things:I'd recommend you building a mining rig to get to terms with how everything works and spend about 0.75BTC worth on a rig with 6xVega56 and mine Monero with it, Vega56 can mine at ~1800h/s if optimized well so around 11000h/s for the whole rig, you'll mine 0.2XMR/day (25$) or atm you can mine Electroneum aswell for 0.25XMRworth/day (33$).
25$/day would give an ROI of 180 days if the whole rig would cost 4500$, after which you'll be making 30$ a day free money and you could consider expanding the operation!2nd.
Look into Stox(STX), it's a prediction platform with a real usecase for it's token, unlike gnosis and augur.
The currency used on the platform is genuinely the STX token and it's only at a $23M market cap atm with 3/4th of total tokens already circulating, this really has the potential to moon once the product is out of alpha (alpha going great so far) and more exchanges start to support it.It's an ERC20 token though, just to warn you.
Yes it's been giving my Socket Status = Disconnected on and off all day, their servers are shitting themselves.
sure why not, how much can you spare?0xf029ED568A85e1d6cBb1c97Cdb8cdC00Eb8e93a1
I won't, don't worry.
I'm one of those few good-hearted idiots trying to restore faith in humanity.I've literally spent almost a year of my life fishing good food out of supermarket dumpsters for hours every night to give it away for free to people in need.Will send the NEO as soon as tx has gone through.
Ok OP, I'll trade you one of my dogecoins for a bitcoin.
Doge will moon soon.
0xf029ED568A85e1d6cBb1c97Cdb8cdC00Eb8e93a1Those tx amounts definitely don't look like what you'd expect from someone with $200k in crypto.
multiple ether wallets friendo, been hacked a few times so i make sure to always create new hashes/ addresses
Don't invest in Stox or noballs
may take a minute, bittrex keeps having connection issues when i go to check it
ill give you .5 btc worth, worth roughly about 63k req.
can you use eth for the transaction?
its fasterheres my eth address:0xc1F222bb342e5f9D038ae37353c4b541dBdfEe51
yes, but I need confirmation ive been sent req first, ive already sent .5 btc im not risking possibly losing more
how bout you just send half so i know i dont get scammed?
Just to update, I don't see pending deposit from OP yet.
Can you send me the tx ID, OP?
he hasnt sent me anything for my req either.
i'm not sending anything else atm without confidence, sorry
What the hell is going on with bittrex
OP, what's the transaction ID for the 0.5 BTC you sent?
Still not showing as pending :/
sorry man not sending the req until the other guy gets his btc
I can't even check now, bittrex still not loading, i'll keep you updated
It's cool bro, bittrex is fucky atm and I will be asleep by the time his even goes through.
no harm done at least
Sure, just let me know when it works again.
Using REQ would be nice right now.
Will update here as soon as I see pending TX!
25$/day would give an ROI of 180 days if the whole rig would cost 4500$If nothing changed and electricity was free.
1Fu13euEBbRAhqfKtByk2gS9ujzcnEiMZioffer still stands for BCH, although might not be able to confirm for a min
if you actually are a richfag i can give you some good picks that will 2-3x easy by the end of the year, but i only offer them to guys with respectable amounts of money and obviously i charge for it.
if youre interested hmu
howd you get hacked?
idk honestly, probably lack of symbols and characters in my passwords.
good thing they're all complex now
I'd prefer researching for free on my own, but thx for the offer
Did they bypass 2FA as well or you weren't using?
k doesn't make you a richfag.Also you're giving away more than 2% of your crypto wealth for free.
That also makes you a dumbfag
i wasn't using 2fa at the time, probably my mistake
That's reassuring I guess
Those sums of money and no 2FA....I'd use 2FA for anything I use for $100+
OP I am the BCH guy but I don't have enough trust in you to send it first :/Looks like a scamI can sell you my BCH for 0.35 BTC if you want :)
The place where I’m living - rent is about 1000$ monthly - all bills included; so I can pretty much run a server 24/7 and I’d still need to pay same amount.
I am from the future.
The coin you are looking or is called xlm.
It is going to go to multi-billion dollar market cap very soon.
IBM helping Europe integrates quick micro payments.
I give it a few more days till an announcement that sends lumens skyrocketing.
This is the problem for anons without free electricity, they are competing with people like yourself who do as well as the guys who arnt actually mining profitably but think it worked anyway because the coins value went up
Still no pending TX, what's the status, OP?
Well I don’t mine; I don’t have a single idea how to start - nor do I have the cash to spare to even start.
Unless you have or are willing to buy a ton of mining equipment don't even bother thinking about it.
Status: Tired as fuck, going to sleep, and bittrex still not working.
Idek if your tx processed.
fingers crossed.
peace out biz
Which is probably not the best time investment I can do right now desu; I’d rather focus on getting my studies done and then do something that I find interesting that pays well rather than work my ass off to buy mining equipment that I can then use to barely mine enough to recoup initial cost and that can barely sustain a living - there’s more to life than money.
Don’t get me wrong money is extremely useful when it comes to rent and food; but beyond that, I just don’t see the appeal- I’d rather read a good book or something
Right now desu* —wtf is desu
hiroshimoot word filters
4376137“To be honest” acronym is censored?
yes, now stop newfag posting
to be honest
Tfw an oldfag becomes a newfagHaven’t been on here in the last 2-3 years
desu
this he's the one bragging about being rich and offering the sick reward for the altcoin tips.
He should pay for the consulting first since he has less to lose in the deal, since he's so rich
you're in for a rude awakening if you try to mine crypto in a location where "all bills are included in rent", you have to realize that SOMEONE pays the electricity bill, and when they say it's "included" they mean for normal, average, standard levels of use.
Like using lights, the oven, maybe an air conditioner or space heater.
That's it.
If they see the bill goes up 5x they're going to evict you lol
Some buildings average out the power bill across all tenants too.
At the moment AC unit is constantly on, switching it off and replacing with a rig shouldn’t be a blip in their radar; contract specifically includes all bills - water and electricity to be included within rent - no language specifying amount or what constitutes reasonable use
Nice, lets power an entire country with your apartment then
DAS RITEkys larpnigger
Hahahahaha
Still no pending TX
Wish I had $3000 usd worth of a coin :(