Hey /biz/I have an opportunity to take out a ~10k loan for like 3% interest.
I'm an ROTC cadet on scholarship and USAA gives out these loans to us.
I have no debt currently, and ~16k in crypto.
If I take out this loan, my plan is to put half of it in bitcoin/BCH and then spread the rest through promising alts.
Bad idea?
Good idea?
Bonus: Should I just kill myself instead?
killing yourself is always a viable option
fucking terrible idea.
save yourself some time and kill yourself now because I doubt anyone here is going to stop you from going through with it.
DO IT NIGGA
desu I don't think that is a good idea, But you're not asking for opinions, you're asking for us to agree.
How much do you have saved in fiat?
I think it's a decent enough idea, especially if you start to pare down your positions as they grow and pay off the loan quickly.
And as long as you don't buy shitcoins like NULS and BCH
just put it all in REQ
Dont.
My advice to you would be not to take the loan in the first place, and re-adjust your budget to invest money youre making into crypto.
If you do take the loan, dont but ALL of it in crypto.
Youd be smart to invest some of it in the stock market, whether it be via a mutual fund or outright buying stocks.
Im not saying you shouldnt invest in crypto (id recommend BTC, its lower, and based on its current hashrate, itll come back to 7000), Im just saying not to put all your ducks in a single pond.
TL;DR, bad idea to take the loan out.
Dont do it, stick with what you have in crypto already.
Im just saying not to put all your ducks in a single pond.I always put all of my ducks in the same pond so they fuck and make more ducks.
You realize they track where this loan money goes right?
You'll probably violate your terms of agreement harder than a neet at a sex doll convention, and be forced to repay the loan immediately, then have to scrounge up money to make from your buy high, sell low trades.
Which honestly is a hilarious idea.
But you're a rotc smuck, so you're probably a pencil biter, and won't listen to advice anyways.
So you know what, do it, pussy.
Ruin your life.
Post updates for us anons.
Bad idea to take out a loan either way but average growth over the past year has been way more than 3% and I predict an average growth of 50% over the next year so you should be good if you do take it.Just make sure you put the loan money in non-risk coins though, if you lose the loan money you're fucked.
Y'all are probably right.
Most of the idiots in ROTC/Westpoint take out the loan and buy a fucking car lol.I probably won't take it... Debt is scary and why I joined the army in the first place
What happens when some dickead(s) come along with 12 gauges and blow your ducks to kingdom come?
Keep some ducks in another pond.
I will have about 300$ in fiat after I pay rent this month
I actually had no idea they gave a shit what I did with the money, thanks
yes, loans suck ass.currently paying off an auto loan for 8k or 13k w/ interest.
fucking interest that high is bs and im a moron for agreeing to it.
Good plan.
You said you have close to 16k in crypto already?
I would just focus on making that investment grow, instead of going into debt for another (very volatile) investment.
Too many ducks will have fucked by that point and I would only have 3rd and 4th generation ducks where they could be killed without it ruining my life.