How hard would it be to actually make a cryptocurrency and slowly cash in your stack as the price rises in value from hype?
It's easy, but then it's really painful to burn in hell for eternity
It's very very easy, but initially expensive.
Go hire a dev team
I'm just trying to become a free man here anonIt's not like I'd be running a human trafficking ring or some shit
just fork ChainLINK and call it ChainSTINK I'll buy 100k
Not very hard.
Look at all the absolute pajeets launching absolute trash copycat coins on bitcointalk altcoin announcements forum.Recent example: LAMBO coin.
Copy pasted source code of some other coin with just the name changed.
“Dev” mined offline for a while, then listed it on an exchange and dumped to idiots wanting to buy “haha lol lambo coin!
!”You are probably smarter than that idiot, right anon?
Go hire a dev teamWhere?
Can I make my own pretty easily and create a fake dev team?
You are probably smarter than that idiot, right anon?I like to think I'm fairy intelligent, but I have no programming know-how.
Where?
I guess go to colleges and look for blockchain enthusiasts in their computer science faculty.
Make sure they're all white and male.
If you want, you can have one Asian and one woman, but they better be photogenic.
A fake dev team (or fake anything) will get you sued.
I don't really want to get anyone else involved.
I want to make a coin with a pretty good concept (I have one in mind), give it a good name and logo (already have these), and get it listed on a handful of exchanges.
Then after 5-6 months of hype and hitting "goals on the roadmap," slowly unload my massive bags for BTC before abandoning the project.I'm fairly sure this is 100% legal, I have no obligation to stick with the project or not sell my coins.
Did your lawyer say it's "fairly legal" because I've never heard that from someone who knows the law.If you are a one man dev team, nobody's going to invest in you.
Especially when you're trying to hit road map projects without a computer science background.
It's not stupid if it works
Just redeem your Satancoin when you get there for a luxury suite.
It would also take longer than 5-6 months.
Look how long Stellar took to gather hype.
Bitbay has a one man dev team.And I'm not actually going to be hitting the roadmap goals fampai, I'm going to be cashing out ASAP
4292719...not as hard as you would think desu :3Just get a suit, a whitepaper, and give ~$100k to some washed up engineer from silicon valley to be a figurehead
FBI monitors this website, they cracked down on a pajeet who couldn't help himself but gloat how he scammed people out of millions.
Again, you'd get sued.
Even if it doesn't break the law, you can still get sued.
I thought this was common knowledge.How can you hide the road map shit?
Explain lol
4293343You're right, fuck it.
I don't want to scam anyone anyway.Just so desperate to be done with wageslaving and being poor
Why not just use your wageslave money to invest in Ark?
Wait 5-6 months and sell for 25x profits, or wait 1 year for 100x profits.
That's a good idea, I've been eyeing it for a while.
Seems like a really solid and legit project.Is it a good time to buy, do you think?
FBI monitors this websiteHave they ever actually done anything?
Out of curiosity
Source on this fiasco?
Yup.
Now is a good time since we're at a dip right now.
they cracked down on a pajeet who couldn't help himself but gloat how he scammed people out of millions.Need to hear more about thisThanks, I think I'll pick up 1,000.