Restarting this bad boi so no one can say "/biz/ why didn't you tell me about this" when it surpasses 0.01 ETH- Horizon State offers a secure digital ballot box that technology provides a hack-free voting experience that is secure and anonymous for voters.
- In early 2017, Horizon State tested the technology in for Australia’sMiVotemembership, validating the technology with 4 nationally inclusive polls that committed thousands of votes to the Ethereum public blockchain.- Used for corporate/municipal/NGO/organizational voting as well as political- “We are excited to share this vision with the world.
Currently, we are engaged with global NGOs, multinational enterprises, national governments, and city councils.
The future of e-voting will incorporate the technology we already have at our fingertips to deliver the opportunity to vote conveniently and securely, perhaps without ever having to leave your home.” - Jamie Skella, Co-Founder- HST token: 29 million circulating supply, 48 million total.
ICO price was .089 cents usd.
Their was a larger supply but it was unsold at ICO and was permanently locked- 2 exchanges coming within next 20 days, announcements soon- Partnership announcements with major corporations and cities coming before XMAS- Clients must buy HST tokens to use the Horizon State voting platform which increases value of tokens.
Horizon State devs have said they are strongly considering burning used tokens to decrease the supply + appreciate valueresources: - https://youtu.be/C-0ZMC4y9pE [Embed]- https://www.smithandcrown.com/sale/horizon-state-ico-blockchain-based-voting-ecosystem/- https://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/australia-the-most-innovative-blockchain-adopter-in_us_59eb5d72e4b092f9f241925b- https://horizonstate.com/- https://medium.com/horizonstate/horizon-state-to-help-build-aragon-voting-modules-b7f748759a23
You can move your coins off ED and put them into your MetaMask directly so you can move them onto another exchange if/when you want
Yes, yes and yes!
Mooncoin!
i know this company personally.
this makes zero sense as an investment.
Based OP is back!
Eh, Astro is more required for enterprises/the average joe so I will stick with that.
same OP as in the previous thread?
Has OP started inviting people into his telegram yet?HST seems pretty stable rn.
No significant movement in the last few hours.
also asking for telegram invite
Nice hot tip to follow up HST's pump is Blockmason BCPT.
holy fuck i expected this to tank after they airdropped the additional tokens, but it's doing the opposite.
finally a good ol ico pump.
and a project i believe in as well.. quite happy with this one!
Fud harder
Nobody fucking needs this shitcoin.
You invest in technology nobody gives a shit about.
FOMO starting to hit eh?I'm already up 30%
I think it's because it's poised to hit additional exchanges here in the next few days(possibly a week or so).
Glad I heeded this call a few days ago.
Can you elaborate on how on do this?
volume picking back up
43431404343248i'm the OP of the last thread.
anyone else wanting an invite to the telegram leave me your username here, i'm going to send out invites now.
@lurgee
I took my 40% gains and will be watching this coin from the Confido top wallet holders perch.
@desk0
i'm @crypto_goy waiting for an invite
4343890invites sent!
@Random2501
fuck Im new to this app and accidentally deleted the invite as spam.
Can you send again?
- Horizon State offers a secure digital ballot box that technology provides a hack-free voting experience that is secure and anonymous for voters.I see OP is not aware of the sheild/sword paradox
Andyd97
@epthewizard
it won't let me reinvite you since you left the channel.
you might need to make a different username
Lmao at you
pic relatedinvites sent
Just got here, would love an invite @Sm0res.
Cheers!
@crypto611
I thought we were doing a chat, so it will be a channel?
what's the name of the group?
I can maybe search it
4344106oky i'm no Crypto_goy2
what is this "48 million total supply" meme?
why does cmc have 410 million total supply and their whitepaper is around the same numbers?
they're burning tokens
I didnt receive the invite.
Can you please check again it's @Desk0
@cryptogodtheone
4344198still giving me the same problem :/try thist.me/joinchat/AAAAAFBC6PapZhtgUjyE1A
@frankwest42
it says right in the OP"Their was a larger supply but it was unsold at ICO and was permanently locked"
@elimo
These guys aren't playing around and will move fast.
Unlike all these other ico fucks HST had their shit ready to go months ago.
thanks, that worked.
But I can't type any mesages and I don't see any messages either
I can't see any messages or chat in the telegram?
4342910Is there a source for the # of coins being locked?https://medium.com/horizonstate/%EF%B8%8F-hst-airdrop-token-economics-a6b004f86a54This is all I could find on it and it doesn't mention that anywhere.
Really need CMC updated with accurate supplies.
yes my mistake i made a channel!
i'll re-add everyone to the group.
or you can add yourselft.me/joinchat/F2xFIxL0WFeXHG57xE1mgg
only OP (of other thread) can post in the telegram, and he hasn't posted yet
Can we make a chat also?
OP i think you need to make a group, not a channel.
Channel only lets the creator broadcast i.e.
no discussion.
I'd create the channel but none of you are in my contacts because i don't have your phone numbers, just your usernames.
SHould we use Kik or something instead?
4344461all good!t.me/joinchat/F2xFIxL0WFeXHG57xE1mgg
how big do you think this correction will be?Also - what were the approximate exchange dates for this gem?Thanks!
correction is right now, 3 red candles in a row, time to buy
max two weeks for exchanges
can someone link me to the previous thread btw
catalog CTRL+F HST or search biz archive
4345345previous thread

@matejdejThanks anon
Genuinely interested to know why
would love an invite, @cryptok375thanks!
First time I've listened to biz ever.> don't buy ripple it's a scam!> don't buy REQ it's a shitcoin!Both of these have made me a lot of money.> buy link it's ready to moon!Tanks completely.> hey anons, buy HST.
Here's my research but be sure to dyor.I'm up 100% already.
Some of you anons are alright biz.
You just need to sift through a lot of meme threads to find the gems.
4346543I'm buying more on the dip.
I don't have much but putting .1 ETH into it in each staggered buy, feeling out the dip.
I have high hopes for this.Current speculation, for those unaware: is that this is getting listed on Binance soon, and as posted above, that the devs are in contact with a large company that's interested
also buying the fuk out of this dip right now, feeling good about this
 buy link it's ready to moon!Not now but soon enough.HST looks solid tho, ED also holds the Normie shitters away so better invest now before it hits more normalcuck friendly exchange.
Blackmoon Crypto: The Sequel
Wooh you better shut up and take your words back
@auscryptardthanks
It's a good pump and dump starting at 2.5m marketcap but it will be /linked/ in the medium term because anything resembling a working platform won't come until over a year.
Pic related.Buy in early, sell at first sign of drop.
Longhodl coins rarely stay high anymore no matter their potential.
ill hold till it gets on a normie exchange.
I see 2x possible over the next few days
HST is not done mooning... FYI biz!!!!
this
Starting to blast off again
Who else bought the dip and feeling gr8 right around now
So much for that 40 eth wall at .00123 took it down with ease.
Next wall at 0.0013
balina tweeted itsays hes bullish on HST
 not anymore buddo.
gone
Oh no fuck that monkey he'll ruin our moon mission with his weak hand niggers
This thread is weird, not like a /biz thread.It's like, you know, all posts are>samefag
ugly post
embarrassing actually, people get a little anonymity and their hideousness comes out.
wew lads lets fucking gooo this coin looks legit as fuck
4348892spotted the redditor shill
4348892

LMAO gtfo Ian
That HST moon is glorious!!!
Multiple 56 ETH buy walls above 0.001 and all my buys below 0.0008, I'm comfy as fuck
I'm so comfy I can't feel my legs
thats a comfy hold senpai
yeep
Jesus Christ, I'm actually making money for once.
Where did I go wrong biz?
announcements soonit seems surreal after this last month or two of JUSTing, doesn't it?
already up 2x i'm goin longggg
am I an idiot to not buy now?
I'm thinking this peak might last several hours but then I could get in cheaper
m I an idiot to not buy now?
I'm thinking this peak might last several hours but then I could get in cheaNah buy half now, half later if it corrects
@hopdaddy
what's this all about?
A bot trying to manipulate the graphs
Please do send an invite!
@Alex
me !
ME!
Just got here, could you still add me anon?
Thanks@Jon7393
4349966Get int.me/joinchat/F2xFIxL0WFeXHG57xE1mgg
I won't buy into anything that disables comments on youtube
this is OMG on ED.
I bought in a .024 and am setting a sell for .0299999.
depth chart looks great, price chart is decent, transactions are strong.
I called a buy on ERC20 earlier today and made a cool 25% profit.
@yuuz9