Why would anyone go into any field outside the medical field?>Skilled Trades:Deteriorates your body>Business:Relies on other parties' competence >Jobs where you have to be in front of a computer:Soul destroying Meanwhile in the medical field, you'll be healing your fellow neighbor, and you'll go to work on a Monday morning knowing this.
You're not working hard for some corporation where you're working so your boss can get his speedboat.
i cant go to school for 7 years.
Yeah dude, that must be why so many people in the medical fields kill themselves and have huge problems with depression and anxiety.
>being blamed when the fellow neighbor is killed
>not specifically being an anesthesiologistThink about it - all you gotta do is put people to sleep.
No long sessions arguing with patients and their families, no need for second opinions, just knock'em out and go on with your day.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3QFZK3AAuwY
School takes forever.
I dont want to be in school for 10 years.
And the fucking DEBT holy shit thats insane.
The medical field has to be some of the most jewish shit ive ever seen
doc, listen *cough cough* I have these warts on muh dick>doc, listen *cough cough* i have bubonic plague, whoops did I cough on you?
sry bro>doc, listen *cough cough* i'm suing you because you fucked up my surgery and you ruined my life>doc, listen *cough cough* you need to work more than 70 hours a week.
cut the consulation times too, you're wasting time.
just get them to consent to a procedure and get them out the door or we'll give your place in our clinic to someone else.yeah sounds pretty great.>doc, listen *cough cough* let me tell you all about my cat and my 80 year old husband harold....sounds pretty great desu senpai
plus u get access to all the good drugs
Meanwhile in the medical field, you'll be healing gangbanging niggers*
this.
i'd rather have a fucked body than a fucked mind although i have both tbqhwyf
You fucking idiot.
Medicine is brutal.
Burnout is so high, and you spend your days in dimly lit hospitals with old, sick, dying people.
All my best friends are doctors and they have really struggled at points.
The money is (eventually) crazy, but it’s not easy.
4346533Lol pleaseThere's
Nothing.There's NOTHING
**Theres many different positions I'm going to be an RN, dealing with babies.
guys just be an eye doctornot one that does surgeries and shit I mean an eye doctor that does eye tests and nothing else
healing your fellow neighboractually a lot of deaths can be attributed to errors made by doctors.
look it up>not working hard for some corporationdoctors earn all their pay by working for hospitals, which are corporations.
even private practices depend on big pharma corps to pay them for prescribing meds>shitpoasts a male model photo but says med field is bestyou're clearly a fucking idiot.
the best job for men is 100% the male model or the porn star.
you posting a male model but claiming doctor as a great job shows how ignore you are.eat shit niglet you fucking dumbshit.
/biz/ is filled with retarded shitskin pajeet nigger poasts like this nowdays fuck this board.enjoy spending 40 years in the school system before you can even become a doctor.i haven't been to a doctor in 5+ years, i take herbal remedies and feel fucking great.
fuck you chink bitch nigger.
4346642There's many high paging positions that don't require you being a doctor
>he hasnt taken the audiology pill
Only in America bruh.
In year 3.
Not that expensive, do some medical writing on the side.
And to the guy who said anaesthesia is ez; no one can kill you quicker than an anaesthesiologist.
Pharmacology is cool though.Also you absolutely work for a corporation.
The beuracracy in medicine is INSANE.
Bunch of fucking idiots trying to save profits by not hiring enough staff.
Then they get fined because the people on the public waiting list are over due.They also passively threaten you where if you don't stay overtime the patient could die.
Had a kickass registrar who had just done 24 hour ahift, 12 hours overtime.
Head admin implies that to him when he said he was leaving.
He basically said he's saved enough today do he didn't give a fuck
Yeah bro medicine is so easy why doesnt everyone do it
can confirm.
Plastic Surgeon here.
eat when you can .
sleep when you can and say goodbye to any hope of a normal schedule for the rest of your life
There is a reason why +60% of the med students are women..
The patients are NOT "your fellow neighbor", it is old people, chronically ill people, morbidly obese and hypochondriacs.
You will spend every day, working with disgusting, smelling people, there is no glory in that..
The time where being a doctor was a respectable trade, are over.. Today doctors are nothing more than glorified nurses, whom on a daily basis push a finger into the anus of old and morbidly obese men.
Had the choice.Medical is fucking disgusting.
If you cant out your hand down a full toilet don't bother.This is the truth.
Although medical has the most security besides scamnasa
Also..
It is only a matter of time, before Doctors will become enslaved.
Seriously, watch the debate with Bernie and Mr. Rand Paul.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MrEBBA9hQjAIt is clear, once a socialist come into power, you will become enslaved.
being a doctor when modern society is overwhelmingly self destructiveBe a plumber instead.
You'll save more lives and your soul will only slightly deteriorate over time.
Don't be such a wuss...There's enough specialities where you'll never even see a drop of blood.
But you're right, if you can't handle the sight of some gore and feces you should not become a doctor.
You don't have to be A FUCKING DOCTORRNS MOTHER FUCKERS!!!!
!There's shot loads of RN positions out there, ranging from Associates degrees to PhDs
Deteriorates your bodyMedical field is infamous for depression, alcohol/other substance abuse, smoking and obesity.>Relies on other parties' competence You absolute fucking retard, you've never worked even in a basic supporting capacity in a medical field have you?>Soul destroying As above, and you'll be spending a SHITLOAD of time in front of a computer.>Meanwhile in the medical field, you'll be healing your fellow neighbor, and you'll go to work on a Monday morning knowing this.
You're not working hard for some corporation where you're working so your boss can get his speedboat.In reality you'll be working regular 60+, frequent 80+, hour weeks with overtime unpaid dealing with incredibly stressed out colleagues/patients and families, massive and expanding non-clinical bureaucracy, a huge threat of suffering nuisance lawsuits etc.>t.
actually worked in medical field, has 'medicine' as traditional family occupation over generations, and has many friends working in field from care assistants to EMTs to Nurses to GPs to Surgeons.>OP is fucking moron.
you're from the usa i assume?
Doctors have shit life expectancy bc their jobs are shit .
Kek
UK.
% of doctors never wish they became one.
In other words, 1/2 doctors HATE their job.
They go in it for the "prestige" and end up spending 30 years in school for a job they do not like.
This.
I am still in undergrad and like 15% of freshmen claim they are going to become doctors, thinking it is 30 hour weeks and middle six figure salaries.