Made a ton of money in crypto blah blah blah not larping.I'm tired of hookers.
I've spent 60k on high end escorts over the past 8 months and I'm just bored by it now.How do I step it up?
I need something... darker.
Do DMT.
maybe a wife idk mane get ur life in order
Go to a 3rd world country and pay money to hunt a pajeet
something... darkerBuy ethereum and maybe you can access to the hookers of the other... category
Sativa + egg vibrator on your prostate + onahole
How do I step it up?
I need something... darker.How about reassessing the meaningless of your own life and looking hard at the mirror at yourself you fucking edgelord?
be more hedonistic and degenerate to escape from boredom.
realize that you are depressed from your lack of purpose in life then either become a christfag or OD on drugs.
Seek redemption and purpose lest you become a shooter.OP wear a LINK t-shirt when you inevitably get bored of your meaningless existence and shoot up a public place.
dont listen to these pussies just go to the amazon jungle in peru and do ayahuasca for a week straight when youre done your mind will be a clean slate then you can jump up to colombia and bang a bunch of hot 2nd world hookers and have a new lease on life
What did you buy to get rich?
Eth?
give me 50euro so i can get my dick sucked by a 10/10 east europe girl
Go to churchFind a QTMarry herImpregnate her6 times over the next 10 yearsdie at 83 with 18 grandchildren and 47 great grand children.If not might i suggest auto erotic asphyxiationI hear the longer you hold the greater the orgasm.
erotic asphyxiationCame here to post this
Do some charity for the poorfagsBTC: 14wD9PZX91sQEBE3C9wETD9HdwEUwMNYr1
lmaoI think something evil is growing in me though.
Not fucked up violent shit, but I'm starting to get the desire to find a very innocent girl, be a really great boyfriend to her and have her fall deeply and truly in love with me.
Pump her full of cum, start making her do degrading shit (like I'll demand only anal sex or oral, never vaginal), get her pregnant, then ghost her.I think fucking all these whores has made me hate women for some reason.
Like I don't respect them at all anymore.
Jokes on you, you'd fall in love yourself.
Unless you're a full-blown diagnosed sociopath.
Dude just pump and dump a shitcoin if you want to do that kind of thing.
You won't just fuck over one person, but thousands.You're in the right place to do that OP
Get a life man, seriously.Autistic much?
Secretly record and make a compilation of experiences with Dubai Porta Potties.
Blackmail them and force them to give you information on rich perverted Dubai pervs.
Release everything on bit torrent.
Not everyone is the same as you.
And this is what happens when neets get undeserved money.Donate everything to charity and kys
this
whores has made me hate women for some reasonLOL, I bet this guy has a small dick and the last escort finally said the truth.Jokes aside, you are a failed normie.
All that money that I can use to grow my life goals.
Aaah why the fuck does it have to be this way.
get her pregnant, then ghost hersomewhere far away, a harvard chad divorce lawyer just had an orgasm.
>get that dual screen porno action going on>jerk off and have a cone of weed everytime you feel close to coming>continue for ??
?>eventually cum as you inhale the smoke and hold it in for too long, start feel light headed and dizzy>cum with the force of a thousand suns as you exhaleI get this feels, im a suggest a slut instead?Its not easy but go to bars/clubs and pickup a girl.
Then do fuck depraved shit to her (screen for the right girl).
I had a girl who would wear a collar for me and then walk around on all fours like a dog.
Is completely different than have a hooker do that
take your money and find out how much you'd have to pay to get a priest/nun to fuck you>put on a clownsuit, buy and use a fuckton of PCP, use it and get driving on a highway, see what happens>find a bunch of those dumb sluts who will marry anybody for money, pit them against each other over a few months, watch some crazy shit ensue, drop them all anyway afterwards to teach them a lesson>buy plots of land nearby kindergarden schools and turn them all into sex shops and brothels.
Dont relent and say you'll only remove them if each and every single hot female teacher has one massive orgy with you>find your local colleges, enroll yourself in one of their courses or some shit, find innocent but poor 18 y/o and go to town fucking her brains out and making her your slut for money>otherwise hit up a 3rd world, finance a drug lord/arms dealer then you get free pussy for life if youre slippery enough and the manhunt for you can get you offI dont know man, get fucking creative
The absolute STATE of you.
Once you do that, what next?
What are you hoping to achieve from that, happiness?
Stick sharpie up pooper.
Can't get much darker shooting one up the dark side of the moon.
holy shit im doing this right now
vs6CHAN
Maybe you should use some of that extravagant wealth to have a surgeon remove your head from your ass
This.
4426950holy shit my id