>The vast majority of cryptocurrencies have zero underlying value at all>Most will probably not even exist a few short years from now>And yet EVERYONE is making 50x returns from their random shitcoinsWhy does this feel impossible?If you're making these massive gains, someone has to be losing money, right?
We can't all just keep making money forever based off something which has no real value, right?
Is it just a LARP?
Yeah I'm making money off pink wojak posters.
A lot of it is paper money.
There are lots of crypto millionaires on paper but it will all evaporate before they can actually withdraw it into real money.
Put a large chunk of money into a coin with low volume and you will understand it better.
When you sell your initial 10% you lower the paper value of your remaining 90% and so on and so on as you try to cash out quickly.
When it goes boom the only millionaires will be the people who already cashed out.
Everyone else gets fucked.
>everyoneNope.Since I started trading shitcoins 5 months ago I've barely kept up with bitcoin.
losers dont boast about losing, but winners will always gloatalso, a good chunk of the money made is off normies and plebbiters who are trying to be "hip" and "cool" and with the news times, so they just throw money at cryptolike not even 2 hours ago i convinced a normie to get into crypto and buy siacoinlooks like im gonna get rid of some bags right quick
Explain
Bump
And yet EVERYONE is making 50x returns from their random shitcoinsYou're suffering from selective memory.
Every other thread is a pink wojak / JUST / suicidal thread.
Guess what , niether does fiat or gold
its not impossible you just have to believe in the power of crypto
When a coin is low MktCap and low volume and you have a lot of it, everything you do with your coins will impact the price.
For example, if a coin has a $100k volume and you hold $10k of it, when you try to sell, you're effectively selling 10% of the active volume which is enough to bring the price down.
That'd what whales do
Can whales ever lose money?