http://www.strawpoll.me/14389555Bitcoin vs Bitcoin CashVote
I'll bump for you OP, interested to see where this goes
Bump
bamp
Bump
b000p
43320034332033thanks
I'm gonna be honest I'm surprised at the fairly even split on BTC and BCH
Draw
>arkfuck yourself opBitcoinCash is Bitcoin.
Stay fucking salty SegWit fags.
You're to let people choose.
The fuck does that say about you?
Let your ideas win on the market.
You are trending WRONG
Eh I mean some pajeets are actually paid to post here.
They'll throw up shit that doesn't make sense, won't respond or answer questions about their arguments in any coherent way.
They're basically just typing up variations on a script.
The youtube interview yesterday revealed to the world the stuttering potheads that run this scam.The current 75% BTC price tank has been offset for the moment in dollar terms, but this is mere child's play compared to the unabated FEAR that is impending upon all Arkies.
The continuous Arkie arsehole twitch is only just beginning.Once this interview gets more than 1k views, Ark is going to plummet through the fucking floor.
The world doesn't take potheads with male pattern baldness and an inability to use a razor blade seriously.
The same goes for Santa Claus peedo lookalikes.
All that's needed is for word to get out, and trust me, it will.
The world WILL see this interview and Ark for the scam that it is.Face it, you got pushed out of an affordable home by the international banking cartel, you were undercut by a pajeet for your job, and your last remaining hope for either of those is going to vanish courtesy of a bunch of stuttering potheads.
Ark is not going to just tank to the floor, it's going to tank THROUGH the fucking floor.
This is going to the largest panic history.The $1.50 resistance is going to be fucking murdered when the BTC price tank follows through into dollars.
Deluded Arkie wagecucking engineering nerds, who sold the family christmas to load up on ARK, are going to define unchartered medical territory: continuous arsehole twitching combined with follow through with the consistency of a 20 year old bleeding radiator.The arsehole twitching will eventually subside once ARK has been removed from all exchanges, and all self respect has been lost.
But from that day forward, deluded Arkies will spend every morning of their remaining wagecucking lives frothing at the mouth and spilling milk everywhere while crying into their cornflakes, before embarking on their hour and a half commute to their wagecucking station.I warned you, Arkies.
There's still time to get out, sell NOW.Remember: DON'T be deluded, DON'T be an Arkie.
Fucking Arkies in every threadFuck them all and their shitcoinThat deluded Arkie who added Ark to this poll needs to dieFucking stuttering potheads will NEVER produce any value, and ARKIEs will hold bags, FOREVER
is BTX viable guys?
bump