Whats a good buy on Binance right now for a quick 10% while im asleep?
Already have more LINK than i care to admit and just jumped out of QST with a nice 30%.
Also, what has announcements coming up?
i try to do my own research, but between full time work and full time school i cant keep up with everything.
Thanks in advance
There's GVT and HST.
For overnight, depends if you think they're peaking and about to dump a bit, or just going to moon.I would yolo HST
Ill look into those, thanks!
I swear i spend 2 weeks away from biz and there 100 new coins.
iota.
this may not be popular, but POWR may have already had an A B C correction after last wave 5... and may be about to start another fucking wave already.
either that or its a bearish flag.. if that thai news comes out its going to break the needle again tomorrow.
Po.et
nuls or mtl
Radien network RDN on binance
Ive been kicking myself for not jumping into POWR 2 weeks ago, im too afraid to jump in now.
I like NULS concept, any idea what the marketcap and circulating supply are?
The whitepaper says 100 million coins total but coinmarketcap says 40 million?
Me too.
I was afraid if it wasnt the PBC pick it would tank and not recover for a while due to all of the hype.
I am trying to look at it as having the same opportunity as WTC and I bought into that at about the same price.
Better late than never if it does what everyone who believes in it thinks it will do.
RDN hold until mainnet in 7 days and sell for 40-80% profit
BCPT or BlockMason is the best buy on binance for the next 48 hours
It's 100, CMC is not updatedTotal 100 and 40 circulating (or 60, I don't remember, but most likely 40 milions)
4497646I wouldn't be afraid of POWR at all.
Just look for a nice dip and get in.
It will be over $1 a week from now.
I'm guessing it will be a $100 token in a year or two.
Things can always happen, but more and more government agencies are buying into it.
Huge demand + same supply = big profits.
BlockMason has by far the best order book and volume tippled since yesterday
Im definitely buying some the next dip, it just looks like its due for a correction pretty soon so im going to give it a day or 2 before i jump into POWR.
I'll throw /biz/ a bone because I"m out of it now, but what you want is Aeron.
It's very cyclical and has huge price changes.
Buy in at the known lows and sell 50% at the most realistic high you will actually get and 50% at a higher peak.
The only thing is it's a little nervewracking because the buy/sell spreads can be pretty big.
Someone always bought what I was selling though after a few hours if I was on the other side of the gap though.
Unironically Funfair
DASH.
The pbc uptrend is on track, 10% is a pretty easy target to hit.
Monero, going to pump like fuck as the news of the Bitfinex/Tethering spread
Thanks for the positive comments.
I have watched it be shilled LINK style and then the PBC hype turned me off because I thought it would dump.
I have been moving my money from altcoin to altcoin trying to catch another solid climb.
Hopefully I made the right move.
lll give that a look when i have a day off to trade and keep my eye on things.
I think im going for GVT for the the night because it hit a lot of buttons for me.
But thank you everyone for all of the really good suggestions.
Definitely a lot of good stuff to jump between.
Ya LINK definitely made me more cautious.
Ive missed a lot of moon missions since LINK both because im still bagholding and i dont really know what to trust anymore haha.
sub/rdn
BCH OR NOTHING
GVT is a solid choice, my dude!
Depends what you mean by sleep.
If you're going into a coma, buy LINK.
zcoin just listed , its master nodes release next week, its already in moon mission, binance adds more fuel to it.