Hello Biz, wanted to share an experiment I've been conducting over the past few weeks.I have 40+ influential twitter, reddit, bitcointalk and cryptotalk accounts.I made about 400k off DGB during the summer and dropped my bags around 2100 Sats.
I have since then bought back 20MM DGB coins at the low prices in the past few weeks.I have launched an all out attack on Jared, DGB, and the DGB community.
I'm using all of my resources to assault them and crash the price.
Constant FUD, verbal attacks, mean spirited attacks, technical and well thought out essays attacking the integrity of the coin and it's usefulness, and random shitposting as well.My goal is to crush Jared and his team's spirit and cause them to exit the crypto world.
Why?Because it's fucking hilarious and I do this for fun.
If Jared somehow triumphs over the onslaught of attacks and mockery against him (not just me, obviously, he is famously hated) then I win with my 20MM coins that will have gone interstellar.If he fails (preferably committing suicide), then I will consider it a successful psy-op attack and I will have gained valuable insight on how to leverage my social networks.Join me.
Burn DGB down.
WHAT THE HELL IS WRONG WITH YOU STOP IT RIGHT NOW JARED IS A GOOD LAD
HAHAHAHAHA you must be scared!
I can tell because you post this the day before the foundation release.
You know there is a high possibility you'll get blown the fuck out and need help.
I own millions of dab myself.
Bring it on fag try to stop us.
Screencaped and sent to Jared motherfucker
Fucking autist dipshit, I just hope you fucking die of cancer and have a painful slow death like the pathetic faggot you are.
Human scum
I told my wife the Story of Jared and afterwards she said only one thing: "Jared is too good for this world."
But Anon... Jareds the one who keeps posting this.
start shilling fenx you faggot
i saw this pasta before so i assume youre just larpingbut if youre this guy go seek some helpjesus christ
4403427Show this and everything else to him all you want.
If you knew the popularity and respect that some of my twitter accounts command you wouldn't believe it: some are overtly against DGB, calling it an outright scam, others talk about getting excited about it only to be disappointed again and again.
Jared and the DGB community's blind optimism can't possibly compete with the multifaceted approach I'm using to demoralize, slander, and outright frighten potential investors from putting any money into this coin.
I'm sorry if you have a significant amount of money in DGB, but it's too late now.
I've done significant damage myself to the public perception of the coin over just the past month or so, it's pretty incredible what one person can do with a few hours of work per night.
can't you like do that to link instead I hate those retards