Story of my life.>All in on MTL yesterday because it's really cheap and low daily RSI.>Get impatient and sell it today at a loss>Literally moons from 50k to 100k 15 minutes after I sell.>fomo re-buy at 69k and panic sell almost immediately when the pump slows down for 30 seconds>Miss the pump to 100k a second timeFucking end me.
I just went in the bathroom and threw up.
I want to die.
Buy high
this is the funniest thing I've seen in cryptoI can see the panic just by looking at the timestamps of the trades
you gotta set rules for yourself dude.if you're using indicators I don't even know why you're feeling emotions.
The stock market is a device for transferring money from the impatient to the patient.
You bought at the all time low and still took a loss
You suck at trading.
Train, or stop doing it.
You literally lasted 52 seconds Those are some weak hands dude
Metal is going back up.
It's actually unironically the PBC pick.
It'll be past the ATH again pretty soon, the site is still down but some people got it before the DDOS.
MTL is a good buy!
BUY HIGHSELL LOW
Fucking liar.
Am I the true face of /biz/?
Holy shit I've been here too long.
Buy low sell lower TOPKEK
don't worry anon, mtl is an exit scam
You bought at the all time low and still took a loss
Tell me it's not the PBC confidential pick.I dumped this jew shitcoin a couple of days ago.
stop trying to fucking trade and HODL you little fucking bitch.
k
i dont get it... why would you sell?
They picked this coin for a reason 1, and 2, it was worth $10 a few months ago and only dropped down to this level because there been little news to report, but they have their app coming out and in a few months will be the talk of the town how anyone using MTL actually gets paid to use it.
Their wallet can store bitcoin, Eth, MTL and any other ERC20 token, I see no reason to sell so that part is confusing that you did that to begin with
THANK U PAJEET
If I were you I would do 1 of 3 things.
Either learn how to trade properly (you literally did everything opposite of what you were supposed to do), or stop trading altogether because you did everything wrong and nothing right, or just send us your money since your flushing it away anyway.
At least you'd know some fellow anons have it then some whales in China
Yeah buddy, don't buy a coin if your heart isn't in it
BTC hit an all time high again today and I thought alts were gonna fall.On a side note guys, I did predict a moon mission pretty accurately.
I did the same with DASH and ETH last week, so I'm happy again.
If this method is correct, then PIVX is gonna moon within a week, assuming that BTC doesn't suck up all the alt volume.
Maybe you guys can trade it properly and make some cash, since I'm surely gonna fuck it up again.
I'm laughing but I can easily imagine myself doing like that, at least in my early days.
kek OP, at least you didn't lose it all in POT
Stick to wagecucking dude
Get ahead of pumps not FOMO in.
>Research Encrypgen (DNA)>Buy in>Recover losses
you mean 48