I found the cure for cancer, but I don't want to sell it.
Can I patent my cure without intention of selling the cure?
yes
Cure coin?
won't work, I tried patenting being a faggot too
So If I patent the cure, nobody else can make the cure?
Does reproduction depress anyone else?
What if found the cure and patent it and then release the procedures to make the cure?
Would I be able to sue whoever tries to make a cure?
in all seriousness, you're a scumbag if you patent a drug that cures cancer.
it'll take funding away from groups using CRISPR to eliminate the genes that make it so widespread
Even if you wern't larping this is what would happen.You would patent it, and within a day some black suited individuals will make you sign an NDA and your patent will disaepear from the record forever.
You will never be allowed to speak of it to anyone ever else your disappear, or get set up for child porn or straight up get killed.
This is how it works.
You think your the only person who has come up with a cure, or free energy etc?
No, Look into all those people who made claims who no longer exist, and who disappeared or died shortly thereafter.
The only way to succeed is to spam it everywhere online and hope xkeyscore doesn't nuke every copy.
No lol let him patent it and then charge something like $30 billion to be able to do anything with it.
I just wanna know if it's possible.
Assuming I don't get suicided by the govt.
Is it possible that patent laws prevent the release of a cure for cancer?
Also, is a cure an invention or a discovery
reproducing should be illegal.
why bring anymore people into this fucking planet?
the entire "society" is run by literal sociopathic demons and most people are selfish and two-faced as fuck.
NEVER REPRODUCE.
Okay but I'm trying to win a facebook argument here
Without millions in research and years of hounding the FDA, you can’t call anything a “cure.” Otherwise you have to put a thing on the label that says “this product not intended to disgnose, treat, prevent, or cure any disease or illness.
It has not been evaluated by the FDA.”And the suits in the FDA are also the suits that run the Pharma and Insurance cartels, so good luck staying alive very long.
Lol u cant cure cancer.
Learn biology.
Cancer comes from years of the DNA being degraded.
You can just magically cure all the DNA in a person.
It would be just as easy to make 50 year old 20 years old again.Not sure how people dont understand this.
sure, you can, but patents are public, so someone will just come and copy it, and if they have more money than you, they will fight you in court and win.and other countries will just copy the idea and use it without needing to fight.
Nigga I said cure for cancer because it's something that would save lives.
I wanna know if I can patent a cure to save lives and then not sell it.
We can switch to anything else if cancer triggers you
most countries don't respect patents
This.I came up with free energy again just last week and they blew up my house.
K thanks.
Yea you can.
You dont have to sell anything if you dont want to.
The answer is "yes" unless you live in yurostan.
Then your cure belongs to the caliphate.
KEK
Retard