Any aussies here?
I'm trying to buy BTC asap to buy BCH with localbitcoins are either 11k+ AUD or want you to send them images holding your license + a selfie + a selfie with your license + a selfie with your license and your BTC address and their BTC address and a disclamer that the money wasn't for goods or services.
Then coinjar and coinspot both want these ridiculous selfie images too.
What do?
Im an aussie, but I'm not gonna help you make a suicidal mistake like buying shitcoin cash
There's guys on the streets of Footscray selling bitcoin for cash
For the non-AUD people that's about 8.5K USD for ONE BTC.
So one thousand dollars more than it's worth.
Most of the LBC sellers are selling at that price.
What a joke.
BTCMarkets is based In Melbourne.
They deal in BTC, BCH, LTC, ETH and Ripple, .
They do require ID but none of that selfie bullshit.All I needed to do was enter my drivers license number and my electoral roll details
Uh, why'd you say that suburb specifically?
I live there... are we neighbors?
Also if you are serious then where are these people?
Thanks will check it out.
I'm in Melbourne btw.
Looks like BCH is going to do well over next 12 hrs and I was hoping to get in right now.
WTF - and people are buying this?
everything is overpriced as shit in australia
They do have 0.8% trade fees (including GST) but they are the only one I could find that didn't require a picture of your asshole in a 4k image and I haven't had any issues with them so far.
BTCMarkets is selling it way above its USD value too, this country constantly finds new ways to Just me.
4422913https://localbitcoins.com/buy-bitcoins-online/AU/australia/see for yourself
pls reply
Shit that was quick they verified me already thanks for the tip
You're welcome m8, good luck
WTF, i tried to verify a week ago and they sent me a code via snail mail.
fuck them
yes but you can also sell into that.
so when you go to withdraw you gainz you also get the higher price
4423340This.
It's just an exchange inaccuracy is all.You sell for more and you buy for more.
The difference is the same.
4423401Yeah you're right, it seems obvious in hindsight.
Thanks for the help guys.
Wait does this mean I could buy BTC on a cheaper exchange and sell it on LBC for 1k more and repeat?
Infinite money supply?
because Foot-is-graaaaay is safe reh.
No body has ever gotten jumped in Footysgray.But seriously, I remember seeing there's a bitcoin ATM either there or in Yarraville that has a competitive fee.
I think there's another ATM in Richmond.
But I haven't checked.Trustworthy?
Competitive price?
Easy to sign up?
Pajeet Matt Berry>VAGAAAAAAAAAAAAAANAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!
Trustworthy?
Competitive price?
Easy to sign up?Yeah.. why?
Is that a bad sign?Also no btc atm here I don't think but there is one in Sunshine and one in Maidstone but I don't trust the people running them (shifty asians who run iphone repair bizs)
No, because you would be making AUD, which when converted to back to USD ends up about the same anyway after trading fees.
i remember hearing there was one at emporium in the city.
never checked it out or saw it but i definitely heard it was there
Alright guys so got $200 ready to buy.
I'm going to put it all into BCH.
Is this smart?
And when will I be rich?
I own 0.43568285 ETH and gonna use half to buy BCH and will put the rest into different altcoins woohoo to the moon guys!
Bpay to BTC markets is by far the cheapest fee-wise.
It does take a day or two to transfer which can be a good thing sometimes ...
I usually use the Poli payment thing.
Almost instant.
Like a $3 fee but not a big deal.
Yeah that's what I did and was instant.
This The poli payment thing is fucking awesome because it arrives in under 5 minutes from my experience with BTCmarkets.The only things I hate about BTCmarkets is it is fucking jewed and lists Bitcoin Cash as bcash and those kikes take a huge .8% cut on every trade.
why do so many faggots have a problem with the KYC at exchanges?
just send them your drivers license, photo, and proof of address.
we pretty much all had to do it at some point.
they need your info so they can interact with your federal tax agency if required, its to meet their legal requirements to operate.
its not to dox you or sell your information or come knocking on your door or any retarded shit holy fuck crypto investors are fucking weirdos
Relax anon, I'm just asking if it is.
I honestly have no idea.May scope it out next time I'm in the CBD
Yeah I do this too now.
Then get JUSTED by BTCMarket's inflated trading rates.
Never really seen the issue in using Coinbase for smaller deposits, but Coinjar and Coinspot are probably better for cashing out and whatnot.
Also, honestly wouldn't mind doing a Melb meetup with a few of you one day, getting real boring doing nothing but sitting at home until uni starts again in Feb.
I've used coinbase before a couple times.No problem, just needed to scan my drivers licence.
You're doing it wrong.
It's cheaper and easier to buy BTC, ETH or LTC on Coinbase - they accept and charge in AUD.
Store them in a wallet, never an exchange.
When you want to cash out, send to Coinjar or Coinspot to sell.
Do not buy on any of the Aussie exchanges, they are all far too expensive - do not support them charging such fees.
You can also use Living Room of Satoshi to cash out, pay bills or pay to your credit card!
Sorry one more thing I forgot to ask.
Now that I have my ETH, where should I trade it at?
Seems BTCMarkets is bad for trading?
Also I should send it to my wallet from BTCMarkets before then sending it to another exchange to trade or?
Is Electrum still the best wallet?
I used it with Tails 12mths ago.
I wish I'd worked this out before dropping in $2500 on them this week.