Popular crypto Twitter accounts are commenting on the Tether scam now.
What happens when whales find out that the market is pumped up on nothing and take profits?This isn't anti-BTC fud.
Exit all crypto markets.
Everyone holding bags of any kind will burn.
>Not that I know anything about thisThis guy is a moron who doesn't understand banking at all.
In fact 99% of the comments about tether are as clueless as him.
*quietly amass fat stacks of fiat to buy the tether dip*
>this isn't FUD>but sell everything and run for your lives
The whole Tether Conspiracy meme was started by some butthurt ledditor that cashed out at 2kHAHAHAHAHA
New to this.
Care to elaborate what the fudsters are getting fundamentally wrong?
No bank has 100% reserves of all the money it stores retard.This fud is so fucking clueless.
It's like saying that banks are a ponzi because in the case of a crash not everybody wipl be able to cash out.Bitfinex makes like a 400k a day, they have the necessary reserve
I mean, if you said they were in the 20's, you'd be absolutely right calling banks a scam.
Central banks still are, even.
Implying there is a bank lending dollars
when he cashed out is irrelevanthes completely correct
Wow great evidence
It's called a fractional reserve.
In the US banks must have liquidity equal to 10% of clients' holdings.
Which means if there are almost a billion tethers and bitfinex has at least 100 million ready to go they're no worse than every american bank
wait so you admit bitfinex is using a fractional reserve and thats okay?
that they're inventing tether based on their own credit to pump bitcoin?
that just confirms we're utterly fucked
Popular crypto TwitterLiterally never heard of that faggotThis.
Fucking stupid conspiracy theorists
sure thing @bitfinexedjust like you were completely correct to cash out at 1k right?
no it means price is whats happening as its legal to use fractional reserve and credit fucking retard.
Anyone and their mom is selling their house and going all in max leverage on credit, peasant.
listening to crypto twitter accounts.
“when whales find out “> thinks that retards on 4 chan know more than whales
Not that I know anything about this, butStopped reading right there.
Stop thinking about crypto you dumb fuck.
The fiat system is x10000 times overleverged.
Tether is meaningless with the amount of new capital that is entering the markets.
the jews can print as much of that shit as they want.
whats the problem?
It's more probable that bitfinex with all their tether crashes than central banking crashing.