The altcoin evolution just started.
IEXEC is the pioneer with a running product.
It is a great feeling to be on board.
Bought this meme earlier today at 8686 satsFreefalling since then
jumped in yesterday.feeling pretty comfy for when they'll release their decentralized app store in the first half of december
8.5k sats right now with a surge in volume and a fuckhuge buy wall>Actual product out, with developers able to start developing their dapps>PhDs on the team>memeThanks, just sold 100k.
thanks for the cheap coins faggot, stay poor
y-you too
VOLUME LOL?
IEXEC will fly very soon.
They already have a working product, and their product is far superior to the cryptoshit of Golem.
Fucking dumb newbs.
They will learn and buy when its too late.
Welcome to Lambo land brethen.
another case where i don't see the need of the token.
cool idea, but what worth is investing?
the marketplace will take many forms of currency so no need to accumulate rlc.
it's a meme u idiot.
so much for ur smart coin
This will be far more valuable as soon as it gets going, dont miss the train
Can you not hear Pajeet?
RLC is calling.
tfw too smart for golem
Over $150 by 2021 (conservative), in theory half the internet could run on iExec framework and save those using it billions while decimating cloud service providers such as AWS.
Just a small hint: v2.0 will be on time.
The team is already ahead of schedule.
RLC will be at least several hundred dollars in a few years.
The quads on RLC being a few hundred bucks make it true.
Praise Kek!
Anyone still into golem, elastic or sonm with rlc around is literally retarded
Checked
golem= folding at home vaporware, incompetent teamelastic = yawnsonm = scam or incompetent vaporwareiexec = 15yrs in the making, created by world's leading grid/super computing scientists
White quads of our lord pepe the kek
For those unaware:https://iex.ec/news/request/Iexec has partnered with request
I was considering buying 1 more ZEC worth of RLC (bought 2 so far at ~7600), but would it be a good idea to use that 1 ZEC on request instead?
My target for rlc is 100 bucks within a few years.
This would put me at 10mill usd!
Personally i dont have any req, but i consoder buying some.
Iexec would not partner with then if they thought that req is shit
That's what I was thinking.
I have a lot of trust in Iexec being an academic myself.
RLC is going to be big these next 2 months for sure
Try 20 years
Look at the technology behind the coin.
It has a working product and shits on XEL.Its not run by a woman like GNT.Why arent you buying this /biz/?
This is the ONLY distributed computing blockchain project with a working product.
They pretty much wrote the book on it.
This team is legit as it gets.
They keep hinting partnerships in the slack group as well.
I am ready for RLC to break out to 30k sats in the next two months.
BULLISH
Notice how much bullshit hype there was around the Golem blockchain.
Fucking dumb niggers.
IEXEC is the deal real.
Golem community is getting impatient: "That's right, we need some news.
The delay on delivering brass might be a little disturbing.
Some people for sure will be ditching their bags and investing in competition."