Why not just rent a 4 family house and live in on of the rooms?
Free rent and you make a decent chunk of money coming in.
Mortgage is what?
Like 600 a month and you get back like 2000 in rent.
Might as well live in Miami.
Better than risking all your money in crypto.
living with a family you don't know, nice quality of life bro
renting a house to sub rent at a higher price >live there yourselfpick one
I'm saying as a start up, you can live with a family.
You can raise more capital(100k) and put that down for a 1mil loan.
I'm saying for the neet lifestyle you can.
It's low overhang.
But if you want to make it big, you should work your ass off in IT and save 200k to put down for a 2mil loan.
Use that loan to buy up houses and rent them out, use that profit to buy more and more houses.
Real Estate is so fucking safe in comparison to bitcoin it's ridiculous why you risk all your money just for 10k gains.
Why not just rent a 4 family house and live in on of the rooms?You mean buy a 4 family home and live in one of the 4 flats?This is a proven strategy for small time Landlords.
You have better control of what's going on on your property and can do most things on the side.
You can also move up to mansions at some point in your life.https://www.zillow.com/homes/for_sale/Miami-Beach-FL/5924_rid/priced_sort/25.874052,-80.048018,25.746559,-80.232553_rect/12_zm/
I'd rather buy land in Asia/Africa.
Cheap and it grows fastSelling it to businesses or contractors with a nice markup.... Or HODL or even start your own business there.
Is this a good idea?
Don't you have higher risks due to violence?
Will I get shot while checking my properties?
I think I'll just stick to Miami Beach so I can drive on the Miami coastline all day while making millions.
buy a high end apartment in some developing country and rent it out to big companies/embassies for them to house their staff.
Much more profitable as they usually pay in USD/EUR and house prices in say Lima, Peru aren't that high yet.
I have 100% trusted people (family, friends) who purchase it for me who also live there.
I visit Asia once ayear to check properties and prospects.You just gotta know where to buy with the help of local knowledge
rent>mortgage>ass numbersop what the fuck are you talking about
Once a year?
I want to be checking all my properties on a weekly basis.
I may make some more money in Asia, but really I can make money as long as I have money.
Developing countries sounds risky lol
To start things off, you can get a mortgage on your first property, then work/save rent and save another 100k for a loan.
so you want to buy a property and rent it out, like 99.9% of the earths population?
oh wait i just read your other posts.
op, be honest, are you merely pretending to be retarded
If that's the case, then you guys probably have some tips for me lol.
Can I put down 200k and get 2mil?
Does that same percentage work if I put 500k for 5 mil or 1 mil for 10mil?
no that is not how it works
Once a yearYeah, well I got guys looking after it for me.>RiskyIf youre a white boy without any connections there, yes it would be risky.I just bought land that would 3x more over here per square feet.
Finna build an apartment there in five years.
This is actually a tried and true method, traditionally there’s not as much autism involved but a lot of American millionaires made their money in real estate.
Here’s the method for all of you dumb fucks: Take out a loan, purchase a home.
Rent out said home, 1-2 years later using rent money to slowly pay mortgage (and take a small cut and funnel into savings for future investments) you then refinance home for better interest rate, getting you closer to paying off mortgage.
Use saved income + whatever other collateral you have and take out another loan, repeat process.
It’s like compound interest.
What you need to be aware of is competition, and price range.
If you’re in an upscale neighborhood you can have a home sit for quite a while, if you’re in an extreme poverty area it’s always better to rent rather than sell.
In today’s market overall you always want to rent out the homes rather than sell.
At a certain point, you can turn this “business” into a manage operated LLC, and you can pay yourself as an employee and be taxed as an employee (loophole) keep in mind you will be filing taxes twice, but the method is sound assuming you do your DD and understand the area you’re buying in
I still need more advice on real estate, I know the major things.>location (Miami)>use leverage (perfect score, going to get 10% down)>rent out homes as they are more stable than apartments>be a good guy
I plan to move to Miami and just drive around the area and study it, find the best spots for fun and entertainment.
I do plan on getting mad loans and refinancing when my credit gets better(I'm assuming it takes a huge hit after taking large loans).I'm already reading up good spots in Miami.
Where boomers live, where millenials live.
as long as prices keep rising your plan is fine anon, looks like yields in miami are 11% though not 300%+ so you may want to actually do the numbers
I have no money to invest but am curious what are considered good real estate investments in Asia?
Seoul?
Tokyo is probably crazy expensive.
China has a lot of big expensive cities but growing at a crazy rate.