
-20%
still have to figure out how to make daily gains..
Right now its just buying dips and waiting for the project to be finished and implemented..
Besides that I do a ton of bounties and I got hired as an ICO reviewer.
is 1% per day possible ?
I mostly review scam projects though... its on request..
-5%
So nobody win here, all lose.
I win, I got a steady income of bounties.
If I calculated correctly I have about 10k coming in before 2018 ends.
Ofcourse I worked myself to death over these bounties but its worth it.
40-50h a week for a month and took a little break now focussing on getting those reviews done which pay about a €100 each
2-4%
yes, mostly depends on how much you can invest though.if you are making 1% a day daytrading on your $300 investment it does not matter, if you make 1% on your $30,000.
much more respectable.
Just a bit over 2% average.
Let's say you take only a bit of that gain per week to live.
That 1% on 30k quickly becomes higher and higher.
Eventually by sitting on safe coins you'll be bringing in six figures of money per year you can withdraw into fiat.
Made 100 this mornings.
Lost 600 last night
safe>coinsYou can only pick one
absolutely, just get into Bitconnect
-2.3%
Yes, but it is not daily- as you say, I bet larger on clearer happenings, when all is alligned.
Eg, recently the BTC/BCC when the split cancelled, POWR when it bottomed, ete.
That said, crypto makes up about 1% of my liquid investments portfolio- so I can look for this kind of thing happening over a bunch of different markets and countries.For example (for the maybe one or two who are interested): car international import/exports, pilbara gold boom asx, spec mining and oil, rekt markets like greece, considering iranian market depending on the saudi stuff goin down, also a fair bit of property- but again, the property needs a reason on purchase to buy knowing there is an unusual yield or gov backed return.Making money, 1% a day is not really that hard, you just need to be looking everywhere for it.
+200% in a day and then bleed 10-20% a day unless I put it in a stable coin.