Buy now before its too late.
Already done, all in for an easy 5% gain
This and XMR are the most beautiful moons we have seen for a long time now, just steady gains, no artificial pump
Anon.
I hope you bought.
Lets fucking do this.Flippening 2.0
seeing ~200 ETH buys every 15 seconds or so on GDAX makes this look like whale pumping
look at those walls at 400 tho
Sell fast, it's a pump and dump!
HODL HODL, this is a correction pumpETH will go to 800 or beyond
4 FUCKING HUNDREDWe did it guys

is it too late to buy?
I hope you listened to me!
Bought last night First time I bought Ethereum.
Had been dumpster diving last month and sold 500 dollars worth of goods, on ebay.
Used that to get free Ethereum.
God Bless America
i hope you die in the gutter.
I wish you good luck.
why would anyone buy when it already pumped so hard?
there are a lot more options to make 5%
>mfw Ethereum hits 1000 next year https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9_--5ZHewQY
I'm neutral about the outcome of your choices.
Meh.. Free Ethereum I'm neutral about it too
My dick hurts from the constant mooning.
I bought both of them.
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHH GIVE ME ALL YOUR POWERRRRRRRR
FUCKStill waiting until after christmas to invest in cryptoHow fucking high are ETH and BTC gonna be by January 5th?
Wont even be worth buying in by then.
Expect 10k btc, 600 eth
High as fuqYou need free money to buy I suggest finding free items to sell online
4520472FUCK ME LADSOkay, shall I pawn my shit and raise the £300 needed for an ETH?!
wat, no need to buy exactly 1.0just buy a fraction of it that you can afford
I wouldn't pawn my grandmother's engagement ring or any kind of shit like that.
I would only pawn stupid shit or sell online that I would not need.
Video games, Books, Computer parts Find stupid shit to sell to support your crypto habit.
Buy now!
What if I just want to leave it there to gain value?Like that auts kid did with BTC back in 2012https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k4FNmp3mKp4Good shout, i'll gather some junk I don't need and pawn it.
Thanks mayne.
>bought 10 eth>at one point created an order to sell 8 of those eth, but decided not to>forgot to cancel the order>mfw I missed beautiful gains
I spend 35 Eth (ALL I HAD) on Request during the ico.
It's barely ico proce right now.
Fucking end me
>tfw started 4 months ago and would have had infinitely more gains if I just listened to plebbit and held BTC, XMR, LTC and ETH instead of chasing shitcoin pumps50% BTC, 20% XMR, 15% ETH, 10% LTC, 5% LINKwill I make it with this?
Ask reddit, my friend :)
Diversification is for plebs who don't know any better.
100% XMR
Just think, this dumpster diver will be richer than the bitcoincuck maximalist millionaires when ethereum inevitably makes bitcoin obsolete.
man i have about 70 ETH but id have more if i didnt buy other shitcoins like OMG, ZRX, CVC, or MKR, or FIL.
i'd probably have 150 ETH and would just hodl into retirement.
but no.
i'd just have a little extra spending money
Anyone know why List is crashing so hard
check this out https://i.imgur.com/DLKuXtr.pngmajority of tranasctions in Eth!!!
Are you that retarded tripfag you cant figure out how to post an image?
So...
When are you selling?
I'm selling at 2500 personally - then I can just retire
Join me anon in collecting free things for money to support your crypto habit The Retail stores should be ripe now with end of the year clearance items thrown out
This is just the begining, with raiden who will scale ethereum we will moon.
so raiden will moon because it reduces the use of eth
Got a bad feeling about eth nowEverything that went 1488 got fucked up quickly from a historical perspective
I feel you on XMR friendo but don’t go 100%, there is always a danger governments could start banning it.
Even if they don’t succeed it would tank the price.
yeah that worked out terribly for bitcoin
Put my life savings in at $360.
TO THE MOOOOOOOOON
Right, I'm going to sleep now.
Sold and keeping money on GDAX, hopefully I can get in lower when I wake up.Good luck
https://i.imgur.com/DLKuXtr.png???????!!!!!!
Just hold, you’ll make it dude
ETH will BTFO BTC and BCH.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ITylcKamX4
>Bought ETH at 0.07 BTC>This is (((ATH)))Explain yourselves Ethercucks
>sell last night at 380>set a rebuy a 371i-it'll go back down, right?
It's headed to 450 minimum, you might be able to sneak in at 390..if you're lucky.
Same, had about 320 eth at one point.
Down to 211 after buying shit coins.
Should of just held
Don't worry anon 211 is still plenty, we're all gonna make it.
got 0.3 witness me
thinking in Satoshis
He's right, only reason to buy alts is get more btc....otherwise you might as well hold btc.
Fuck you.
I hate you.
No, the reason is to get more dollars.
I have 8.5 and I thought I was doing well...Jesus I'm never going to be able to get out of this hell hole.At least Im training in a trade job and can be a wage slave in the future I guess.I am proud of that 8.5, though.
I have been living on $2 a day for months now and while its really hard sometimes, I managed to get at least those few ETH.
Might not seem like a lot to some of you guys who have the money to invest, but to somebody whose life dealt them a very bad hand, I am proud of how far I have pulled myself out of the filth.
When civil engineers and city planners were first doing the whole highway thing in the 50's, they thought fixing traffic was merely a matter of adding more lanes here and there.Turns out, that doesn't help travel times or traffic as much as you'd think.
Because the extra lanes just convinced more people to drive.
ez fucking 30% gains lets go men
how sure are you guys about eth going $600?
4523624211 is good enough to be a millionaire in a year or two off ETH alone
Should of?
ITS WRITTEN SHOULD HAVE YOU PLEB.
4th Reich when?
well done mate, proud of you.I'm busting my nut just to break even, but slowly putting money away to get some ETH and BTC in equal (cash value) measures.
If it drops to £300 tonight i'm gonna get a £100 of it.
fuck it.Anyone here think it's gonna drop back down to £250 anytime soon?
($330)
i'm proud of you too.
ALSOforgot to mention.I know it's fuck all, but i've got £200 ($300) worth of BTC.
Should I convert that over to ETH?This has been my first foray into /biz/ so i'm still a complete newfag and would really appreciate some advice
how high can we go this week?realisticallyit was a long ride from 300 to 400, it took months
Dont listen to /biz.
xmr is legit the only coin i think has long term use but im not buying until i get more money for hodl to be worth it.
sell the news.
rebranding was announced for feb 20 and sdk wasnt ready i think.
Is it too late to buy more?
w-will it hit 500 before it's over?
or am i being too greedy
How fucking hard is it to stay above 424