I really want to move out of my rich father's home, because I am 28 for fuck sake.I have about 620k and found an ok waterfront home marketed at about 280k.I offered 225k, sight unseen (it is in another state), and off a major 1 lane highway, but low bank waterfront, move in ready, in a small town with costco, home depot, safeway all 10 minute drive away, but the big city/airport is 90 minutes.Zillow claims the home should rent out for $1500, but I plan to live in it for 2-3 years, then rent it out.I offered 230k, they countered with 270k.Realtor told me, they owe more than 270k, and won't budge below that.I countered 235k.I want to buy the home far away from my father, too get away from my parents...Should I up it too 255k, I think it will go through, or should I just wait?My dad would make so much fun of me, if it sucked...
It is sight unseen....
I am not really allowed to travel up there (because it would be a waste of money) for 8 more weeks, but i want to buy the home...Is there any other way I could make them accept my lower 235k offer, but pay them 20k off the book, so my dad won't see I "overpaid" for a waterfront home?
Living away from your family is exactly why you're done with them making fun of you so go ahead.
I refuse to believe there's a real person with 670k that's as retarded as you.
You have over half a million but it is "TOO EXPENSIVE" to travel there?
WHAT???????????
Well my dad is going to be moving to the same county, too a much nicer waterfront home, but doing so 6 months or so from now...Still going too see him, but it was more about...How stupid is buying a home sight unseen?How horrible is it too live next to a highway, that A/B class trucks use daily.
lol
yes... because the price will be cut in half if I wait 8 weeks for air fare...Should I just stick to my increase of 5k over the initial offer, who should I raise it too meet them more in the middle at 255k?
how about you go there see for yourself, you major retard???
sight unseenI don't care how old you are, you're not ready to buy a home.
its 878 miles away... two states
If your dad did't buy you out @ 28, he's not rich.
yeah, and you could be wasting tens of thousands over a few hundred dollar flight.
Is that the ((only)) house available around?
Look for more options, no need to rush with real estate.
You aren't desperate, got cash, can buy without a loan.
Don't rush in.
They are testing you.
It's the cheapest waterfront house within a very large area...
You can't lose on waterfront.
Ever.
If you do you are probably retarded and bought a flooding house or a lake which won't exist one day.
the address has highway in the name
gets family money>can't be retardedwait, what?
people who inherit money are frequently dumb af.
what about getting handed money from your parents guarantees someone is smart?
where, the , fuck, did you, learn to, string sentences, tog,ether
Dude... go see the house.
How is the travel a waste of money when you have 200k on the line?
Get your priorities straight dude... seeing the damn house might save you from a very expensive mistake.
I've driven 900 miles in one day alone on several occasions, you're fucking retarded if you can't figure out a way to go see a house you're about to drop a quarter mil on
actually, don't bother, you wouldn't notice a building that needed 50k in repairs if it was in front of you.
just rent a place for a few months if you want to get away from your parents.
Yeah go rent and get your boots on the ground, it's obviously not a deal of a life time if they're struggling to get rid of it.
If you want a gem you should dedicate some time to viewing and finding someone who'll assess these places for you.
Your father gave you that money because he knows you can't make it on your own.
This thread makes that very clear.
I have been looked at a lot of foreclosures, and I use to work in Waste management, now I plan to own my truck.The home looks decent...
I have walked through a lot of trashed homes, and this is not one of them...I would be paying for a home inspector for the roof/ plumbing checks....Why is so stupid to buy homes sight unseen, when now... you have more information at your disposal being 1000 miles away, than someone living there did 20 years ago.
You’ll be stuck with the boondoggle because values are at a high right now... next realestate dip will FUD you... unless you actually love the home.
Only way to know is to see it.
Depends on the house - with good insulation and double glazing it can be fine but if there are lots of draughts and poor noise baffling it's shit.
So it's an even worse idea not to check it out first unless you are already intending to spend some money fixing it up.
wait 8 weeks for air fare...
fine...
but if i just paid the 255k, we woudln't need to buy a hotel, and our plan is to accumulate 2m-3m of property anyways.We have been scouting the state for years (me more so than my father), and this seems like a really good deal, even with a bit more at 255k.I will be underpaying zillow estimate significantly, have a commercial truck parking spot, 3 bedrooms, 1 bath, and water front....I mean... How is this so bad?
zillow estimate is 280k
buying a property without seeing it is just retarded, period.
family all died>get all their money as last survivori wish i was dumb then i wouldn't feel this painput it all into non/biz/ shilled ponzis because seeing it reminds me of them.
so....My options are plane, car or bus...My car is not the best, but it might make it up there...Would that be the best option...My dad won't want to drive with me, so I will have to hire a home inspector....Should I look at the neighboring properties that are around 180k for non waterfront, for comparisons?
You move in and then surprise!
You need to pay for a new roof, foundations are shit and the house is about to fall to the ground, there is flooding every spring and the cave is moldy and you have a pyrrhotite problem.
Welcome to hell with a waterfront my boy
Why not hire a guy to inspect it?
Should I up it too 255k, I think it will go through, or should I just wait?Don't FOMO is applicable here.
You've got absolutely no shortage of options given you've already got money and the main criterium is "get far away from Dad".
Either they'll sell for what you've offered, or you'll find another place same price or cheaper.>Is there any other way I could make them accept my lower 235k offer, but pay them 20k off the book, so my dad won't see I "overpaid" for a waterfront home?Bud why would he be checking your finances?
If he asks tell him to mind his own business or simply lie.
You're 28 for fuck sake.
You absolutely should not be paying over the odds in any situation let alone one as petty/avoidable as this.
Dont buy a fuckin house you idiot look at the case shiller, you will loose your ass on that deal.
Rent for a year where ever, use that time to educate yourself on how to not be an idiot with a half million dollars.
At end of year buy two houses instead.
At the same price.
I did, and it was in my letter of intent
Ok I just a much nicer home (twice as nice lot) or only 150k more.I should probably make the point that this is not my ideal living home, but I believe it is a 10/10 rental home...I would live in the "waterfront" home until the novelty wore off, then rent it out...
 a month for 255k home seems like a good rental from where I am from....
4346913Percentage wise, what you're getting from rent in relation to the price your paying is much better than if you were to buy a house in Los Angeles.
Sounds like a good investment so far, then again, we haven't seen the house (You should google map it and use street view on the surrounding area, also crime map of the area).
I would also look forward to see if you have reason to believe there will be future development in the area.
Rent and property value should only increase than.Is this property in Maine?
In my mind I'm picturing Maine.
then*
It is in a state that has been growing very fast, but the country I am looking at has a massive geographical barrier from the booming city next door.State has very advantageous taxes, my father, my aunt, her boyfriend, possibly my grandmother, and cousin the future are all moving to the area, but different metropolitan areas.I have been to the region 3 times, every time I liked it.Future development is "possible" but heavily limited without chinese/european levels of civil engineering, but foreseeable in 100 years or so.
fuck it...Il up my offer $5000 next week same day.
asset prices at all time highs and you want to buy possibly the largest asset of your life... smart move
this is a truck parking spot / skiff parking spot and rental home... definitely not the biggest asset of my life.
https://www.zillow.com/homes/for_sale/92911129_zpid/0-300000_price/0-1110_mp/waterfront_att/43.302945,-70.54493,42.804217,-71.283073_rect/10_zm/different state, but similar to this (with a highway next to it)
4347350Could you please give me a few more hints for the state?
And it sounds like it is a nice place.
If you ever wanted to make your money back you could more than likely fix some things up and sell it in the future.
If it's similar to that, even better.
Best of luck anon
Just find a place similar and rent it, rent for two years, not having to do repairs + rent will be less of a loss than housing bubble 2.0.
Still going too see him, but it was more about...>How stupid is buying a home sight unseen?>How horrible is it too live nextTravelling there wouldn't be a waste of money if it saved you 270k.... you fucking moron.Give me your money, you don't deserve it.
i meant shittier
I'm sorry, a quarter of a million for that little piece of shit?
It was built in the 30s ffs
Income tax free state, low crime, close to boston (good airport/ once a week commute location) you can park BOAT!, and look at that rental zestimate $2000 per month!It is 90 minute suburbs
actually 71...no niggers, only nice people who can afford to live without public transportation
Zestimate isn't a real calculation.Look at the actual rentals in the area.There is a reason why the person you are buying from is selling their house at a loss.Someone who is renting that house will have different priorities because they are not going to make a profit.It's $2000 a month so what are the other options either for less AND for more.Will $300 a month get them closer to their jobs or lower their actual commute time?Someone who is renting also won't have a boat so you can wash that out of your calculation.No one buys a boat and then rents a house.