I want to call out all the shitty shilling that has been going on for REQ in the last few days, don't get me wrong I love the project and holding for the long term, but all this unsubstantiated pajeet shilling usually predates a dump which creates more bagholders and inhibits organic growth.
Do we think it's dumping soon?
Just bought, should I sell?
Overshilling creates weak hands.
Weak hands create panic selling.
It's a harmful cycle but I'm not fucking selling or even thinking of transferring any of these bad boys for months.
Hold this coin till at least January = big profit
I personally think a dip is due since its been going pretty high the last few days, but then again it might not even happen.
REQ has been due an ICO breakout pump since 2 weeks ago but BCC and BTC killed off any momentum it had.If you are going for a short term trade and made a few percent this is a good time to sell.
If you are holding for at least Q1 then hold until then.
This has been one of the best weeks of my life.Rode SUB, POWR, REQ, QSP and LINK was mooning after being on sale.
RCN shills strong and bullish trends, got in while ZEN was on sale and beat the ARDR moon.I feel unstoppable.But shitty because I'm a poorfag so all the gains were small still lol, but a good week nonetheless.
I'm ok with panic selling, I was hoping to rearrange my portfolio to get 10k of this while it was still a nickel, but whatever.
5k is fine too
Thanks to the shilling last week on biz I got in at 0.00013 ETH.
Will be holding these bags for a while.
Thank you weak hands for selling below ico price.
Nice run, remember that too shall pass and you could lose all your profita with one bad FOMO like this BCH run.
I had BCH when it was $550 and cashed out during all that mess.But yeah, I've never really had a problem fomo'ing impulsively.
Sometimes I'm so anti fomo that I think I'm too late when I wasn't at all and it's almost a worse feeling than fomo.
I've set my bags confidently and will leave til at least February unless I hear some shitty news.
still confy here.the pullback after hitting 1k was expected.Th growth the past 2 days have been well.We hit 100th place for a while.
/biz/ doesnt understand anything having to do with money.What goes up must come down.
sell and buy back in when it at least reaches -15% of ATH
Can someone tell me what is the use of the tokens if you can use the request network without any tokens?
Why should they be valuable?I want to invest but I'm a brainlet
complete crypto noob here i went all in on pwr and req with about 200 buqs cus i felt like gambling like a retard current vlue is $187 am i gonna make it
oh yeah 90% of that is in powr