Korean ppl just saw the recent news that was published.https://cointelegraph.com/news/bitfinex-struggles-with-money-withdrawal-community-observers-predict-mtgox-scenarioIn one of the largest crypto community is now really starting to question about the BTC's future.
Especially with artificial 1k price pump that went into BTC in only 3 days.Many are starting to pull out and might just watch for a while.
You can see their response here:http://gall.dcinside.com/board/view/?id=bitcoins&no=1101607&page=1&exception_mode=recommend(try using google translate)
Not Korean here, bitcoin might rise
Swap for ETH.
Now.
They are stocking up.
1000 eth purchases.
>According to one concerned Twitter user, ‘Bitfinex’ed’
Kek'd
If bitfinex blows up, it'll take a lot of altcoins with it too.
Around $7800 (KRW 860 million) is the selling point.
It informs.
No more bits can rise.
Tether was tied up.
So let's make sure your friends are well-judged and realizing their assets.
Kids gonna cry because their new toy is broken.
Do you seriously thought you could get rich easily?
In what world do you live?
it will take all altcoins with it.are Koreans this retarded to think only btc will fall?
Good sell your BTC it all belongs to the west
no, it won'ttotal crypto marketcap is approx 230blnfuck tether
Hmm... if BTC falls again, won't the money flow to BCH?
For the first time only last month or 2, alt market has had a negative correlation with BTC.
This is a strong sign that BTC might very well not pull everything down this time.You probably do remember the meme about BTC raping alts every time it has shot up recently.
Of course not.
IF BTC fails everything is coming with it.
But no worries though!
Why do they still fall for BCH?
Not only is it likely recently propped up by tether, it's main backer Roger Ver is a felon that has been in jail.
THIS
>hey everyone, look at me I am Koreanno one cares
bullshit doomsday response.
Not really.
BTC is the vampire feeding on all other coins.
It's been like a 60% tax on crypto for the longest time now.
It's useless and disgusting.
A pure speculatory bubble.
Koreans I am talking to are dumping BTC and buying NEO.
Went to check NEO chart.
Can Confirm.
reddit.com/r/bitcoin
Koreans are fucking stupid pumping the btrash and if they believe in the tether fud then all the better.
Subhuman scum
Especially with artificial 1k price pump that went into BTC in only 3 days.LOL you mean the wash trading and pump of BCH on korean exchanges right?
Asians are shit tier and stupidWhy is it whites are making the best cypto?
And Asians are copying.
Chinks supposedly have high IQs but totally fail at innovation and genius, always imitating white technology.
In b4 Satoshi is Asian lol yeah right
Chinks supposedly have high IQs but totally fail at innovation and genius, always imitating white technology.Yeah whatever gives the spark of innovation is clearly not tied to IQ.
Disagree about them being 'stupid' though.
They're smart, but more in the way a computer is smart.
Whites create Asians per fect.Niggers physical
Low iq /pol/ poster detectedChina was the height of innovation before the mongrel white fuck them up.They invented the compass, gunpower, paper, the first printing press and countless other shit like slik and tea you dumb shit
If BTC fails, people will flock to BCH
4448136Like they were fucking doing last week, where literally everyone who had any coin was going all in on BCH because they saw BTC's transactions get clogged, saw its hashrate decline, and so they were looking for an escape
If ever investment relied on the fact that the products main backer has spent time in jail or better yet (SHOULD HAVE) then no one would make money the Most profitable companies in the world have used illegal immoral and inhumane means to achieve those profits I really dont give a shit that Apple uses chinese slave labor Wells fargo committed identity theft millions of times MILLIONS of times no jail made profits and investors made money Go cry somewhere else hippy if this faggot gets me to a Lambo I dont care if he has sold somehting that anyone with a chemical or special ops background can make.
He didn't kill people to do it he just used the training and contacts he made while in the military to make a profit.
This guy is a make profit by any means necessary and thats good.
Ok chink gook zipperhead shits.
Nanking and two nukes weren't enough you dog eating vietcong yellowheads.
Koreans are the biggest pump and dumpers.
Today it is ETH, yesterday it was NEO and the day before that BCC
BCH took 70 minutes to confirm my transaction a couple of days ago.
Coin can go get fucked.
The DAA still oscillates but it the block propagation time is sticking very close to the 10 minute target, you just caught it in a slow cycle you stupid faggot.These oscillations are due to fluctuations in BTC and BCH prices and won't be eliminated until BTC dies.
the coin periodically being slow as shit means i'm stupidlol
shiiit try getting your money out of Kraken sometimes..
doesn’t know his history>get called out>better pretend I’m retardedThe city of you

When the price fluctuates so does the hashpower, it slows block propagation on the segwit chain too but you can't squeeze enough transactions into the blocks now can you?Double dumb fuck corecuck
4447702but crypto was invented by chinky man
Hey buddy.
Whered you get that ?
Bitcoin center 04392 ?