What is the /biz/ concensus on XMR?I have been mining (free electric) on an old gaming rig.
Found a site that will accept it for silver and gold.
Plan is to mine and once every 6 months convert to physical silver or gold.Not for real profit but because stacking rounds is fun as fuck.Besides that I wanted to know what /biz/ thinks of the coin's long term viability.
Well technically this is the best coin out there.
But as we know, technology and superiority doesn't mean anything when money is involved.
Best privacy coin hands down, but also just one of the better projects and communities around.
Very much in the libertarian frame of the original crypto adopters.
There was a thread yesterday and like 19 out of 20 posters called it a legit great coin.
That’s the consensus.It certainly doesn’t have the greatest usability, but it’s up there with Bitcoin as far as fundamentals are concerned.
How did you get free electricity?I'm seriously considering moving to Iceland and start XMR mining there.
I have 20k dollars saved.
Should I do it?
yes, they need the genetic diversity thereAlso, house is solar/wind.
Not 100% off the grid due to county ordinance but the power company ends up paying me.
Why would you sell for silver and gold?
Might as well trade your Bitcoin for fiat while you’re at it
Same reason I still ride a steel lug-welded bicycle when I know modern Al and Carbon bikes are better in every way.Plus if I ever get the casting itch again I can make all kinds of cool shit with it.
Sold some stuff I made on etsy before for LOTS of profit.
what did monero mean by this??
monero is the real kingbut why is zcash mooning?
up there with bitcoinIt far exceeds bitcoin
Jew powers.
How does move to Iceland?
Are you a Nordic nation member already?It's probably impossible for a burger to move there.
Nah from Germany.
Moving to Iceland doesn't seem that difficult though.
Immigration laws are relatively lax if I'm correct.
Also you can stay there for 6 months as a tourist.
Couldn't you just get in a plane and fly back 2 times a year?I'm sick of paying 35 cents per kWh of Energy.
Holding enough Monero can make you rich.
Look at the supply, dev, community and features.
It's all there.