What's stopping a central bank from buying all BTC currently on exchanges?They can literally print unlimited fiat.
so it is like tether ?
Banks cant print money you autist.
The U.S. Treasury decides to print money in the United States as it owns and operates printing presses.
However, the Federal Reserve has control of the money supply through its power to create credit with interest rates and reserve requirements.
>banks buy 80% of btc>btc moons
it takes people willing to sell, they start buying it all up then the price will skyrocket and no one will want to sell shit
Banks own the treasury and the white house you autist
nothing is stopping them.
I'm serious.
Why do we let a jew run our money system.
Is this not systematically flawed?
they have cheaper ways of making that much money without having to pay taxes on it.
NON AMERICANS?
EXISTING?
D-don't give them ideas, anon!
someone has to sell BTC for there to be BTC to buy.
they can't just "buy all the BTC", if people like me are holding.
and printing unlimited fiat doesn't happen, this is such a retarded statementplease be trolling
i wont sell before it hits 1 million per coinand at that point I will happily take fedmonies
It's actually worse than that.
The expansion of the money supply is done through private banks lending credit, the Federal reserve monitors them and sets monetary policy accordingly.
The Federal Reserve CAN print money directly but seldom does so.This is the Neo-Liberal way, the alternative is to have the government directly in control of the velocity of money and I'm sure Americunts would LOVE that.
assuming the dollar will survive the coming depression
Goodest goy
Either way the greenback is fucked.
There's too much debt and the can't lower rates any more.
Crypto might be the only thing left after there's a run as you can't buy and sell stuff with bricks or gold.
are you fucking retarded?
the top clearly says "all the BTC on exchanges"as in, currently on the order bookfuck you're dumb, you probably ask pajeets for targets on shitcoinskys and never post in my thread again
Banks already have control over Bitcoin
whats stopping the exchanges from telling you that they are selling you btc when all they have to do is throw some 1's and 0's into the program?
cryptography
implying that the cipher cant be broken
TopKEK WTF do you think is happening RIGHT NOW
Implying you control you private keys on an exchange
Yeah, we are the beta testers for them.
They will make their own currency.
I cringe whenever I see people thinking they are part of a movement against Central banks.
They are nothing but useful idiots.
implying you or 99% of people know Jack shit about cryptography or wouldn't believe some string of numbers being provided as """""""""proof"""""""""" of the legitimacy of the transaction