I was the anon who called BTC and ETH moons at $10, link moon is imminent, get in or stay poor.
No you fucking didn't
I want to believe
Nice, buying 100k.
What kind of fucking shit TA is this, the EMAs haven't even crossed.
Then believe
EMA targets my butt.LINK moon is soon, ya'll.
Don't you see the arrow?
I don't see what's stopping it from going down further.
This.
This floor has been tighter than a quamquat in early spring.
It’s going to spring up when we get the main net update sometime before EOY
Fuck they’re trying to slide this thread hard.
if it reaches last ATH we're talking 1$ Link**ATH in BTC terms, at current price
No way
If BTC corrects, it should break ATH in dollars and sats.
Shill.
Fuck off.
omg thanks op just bought 1 million link!!
If main network gets launched, $3 within 6 months, calling it.
not gonna happen this just keeps bleeding until they show updates or MAJOR newspeople probably just dump it for btc now

I was saying I unironically don't believe it.
Testy testy
I like your undying optimism guys.
I hope it will really go x20, but I won't regret having no part of it as it appears improbable in foreseeable future.
Serious question:Aside from trolling, which is fun I admit,Are there seriously still anons who don't believe link will moon on this board?
line pastebin of why it's not a shitcoin>whales keep accumulating never dumping>hard floor at ~0.15 USD for weeks>company staying extremely tight lipped most likely due to multiple NDAs with large corporations
stinky, stinky linkies
Well, the MACD lines did and they're bearish now.
Just look at ripples chart and see what you are risking missing out on
well for one, I put all my $65 that I had into it
Fuck Rip you dumb duck.
Link will make you rich!!!
ITT: /biz/ posters you see oftenill start, pepe baller LINKie bagholder
No bagholders.
This is going parabolic.
tfw i also put my 300 dollars worth of play money into link1.8k isnt enough to make me a millionaire and im sad about it, but i really just dont have much extra money to spare to put into it right this second
I have managed to accumulate to 26kHopefully I can get to 100k before it really starts its uptrend and subsequent mooning
Better hurry.
You only have a month.
There's no way this is correct.
Why would it moon?
Nothing new has been announced for link, no big figure shilled it anywhere, there's zero reason for it to increase in price.
I think I will have time until at least march due to my own research... we shall see.
Mainnet will go love Q1 2018.
The announcement will cause a spike beforehand.
Probabaly before EOY.
What kind of value would you educated guess for peak spike?
There is no way of telling.
It could go to .50 cents and crash back to .16.
It could go to $1 and not look back.
there's an actual TA fag in that thread doing analysis for coins.
Get him to do one for LINK.
Thinking TA will work with LINKWhat's it like being retarded?
what's it like losing half your portfolio in a month?
>that fucking arrow>all of my keksyou must be le crypto broker man
Oh you mean the actual moon happening?
Boys, today is my birthday, so as a present to myself I've decided to become even more deeply deluded and bought another small stack of LINK.
See y'all in the poorhouse.
Because I'm not delusional or emotionally invested in my first ico
Link is going to make this motherfucker rich in about 2.5yearsplenty of time to enjoy my youth meanwhile :)but anon, why don't you hold BTC until it starts mooning and then you get in!because FOMOing never works and BTC is a piece of shit, already made my gains, not tempting the devil any longer with that dinosaur coin
Get triggered somewhere else newfag
because FOMOing never works and BTC is a piece of shityou are going to make it
you made me smile anon :)
Look at Binance.
I am from Venezuela, i put my salary in link, only 15$ we are poorHelp me with some link0x8ca5cb9a2f31570a0d08199777d926ce45fcdef0
nice try Ahmed
Post a pic of something up your ass with a timestamp that says "im a venezulean bitch" and I'll send you 1k LINK.I'm waiting.
I am looking it all day everyday.
Yeah it increased by 1 cent.
Good job.
Now give me a reason for why it happened or I'll consider it normal market fluctuations or some very uninfluential pump group.
This is all dash money les than a dollar, i put all my hopes on link
take one of those notes, put it up your arse, take a picture and post it for some free link
please help me 1FVwjCWm2Dw5W6byco2BMEWAJDXHS5ZodK
come to Uruguay when you can, loads of Venezuelans and a steady governmenteven if you have to come in a fucking bus, it'll be worth it dude.I lived for 6 years in Venezuela, it's time to share my home with my brown friends
link needs at least 778 volume to moon
Why do you say that?
447254844725644472651447281344728424473250447328244736204473664447448044742184CHNallday
 posts in thread and you’re just samefagging.
dude stop posting your stupid coin, it has nothing to do with link and it's only use-case is to tip anons on a taiwanese image board (where people never give shit away anyway)
Such a sweet cat.
No lambo for me then.
HOLY CRAP ITS MOONING!!!
!ORDER THE LAMBOS BOIS!!!!!!
lmao post again and ill crash your shitty coin
do it faggot