Only up 15% by the time of posting this.
We all know what happened to other coins from the PBC papers.
Get in here Pajeets.https://bittox.com/2017/11/13/leaked-palm-beach-confidential-november-edition/
So many gains!!!!!
It's happening boys!!!!
Storj for the win
just bought some...
Going for the moooon
You were told about the last night.
Should have listened.
Lambo land here we come!
Time to sell your cat and invest guys
Balls deep
What kind of source is that anyway?
Just sounds like nonsense shilling.
We get it guys, you're doing a pump and dump.
You don't have to brag.
I have a quarter of portfolio in
Yeah, I wouldn't touch that shit now, looks unnatural as fuck.
Still lots of profit to be made
I'm out, not looking back.
Nice small profit.
Don't be greedy or get JUST'd
I listened senpai and held through the dip like a good boy.
This is natural hype for a useful coin not a coordinated pump and dump.
This is an old pick.
Ride the wave if you want, but this is old news.
Don't be idiots and end up holding bags.
43643634364287436438943644294364576This is what coordinated shilling looks like.
Take notes, folks
Yeah, I'm really surprised it's worked.
/biz being played like the dumbasses they are.
Storj has already been picked and is already part of the long term portfolio.
It's literally impossible for him to add it again because it's already in their portfolio.
Jesus you retards are really falling for this.
13k by tonight, screencap this
Has anyone here actually read the article or are you just gonna call this a pump and dump
Denial phase.
They will fomo when it hits 13-14k, like always.
I did.
I know it's fake.
That doesn't stop you retards from throwing money into it though.
Read the article.
It is a reason for it rising.
How do you know it's fake?
How about this one you mongoloid.
https://www.chipin.com/younow-decentralization-storj-labs-partnership/
It's an old pick.
Someone just reposted it.
This is from april.
You don't have to believe me but I'm being 100% honest.
This coin is already part of the portfolio.
They WILL NOT mention it again because they already have a position in it.
Look for yourself.
From what I can decipher it is saying to continue buying up to 10k sats due to new news coming out.
The other articles on the site look legit, it would be weird to just put a fake leak on there and ruin credibility.
I can't show you any more evidence.
You're clearly just a shill and I apologize for everyone that falls for you.It's not Storj.
End of story.
Anything you tell yourself saying otherwise is just you being a dumbass.
It's not Storj.It's not Storj.Storj may still be a good buy.
BUT IT'S NOT FUCKING STORJ being released tomorrow.
buy now before its too late guys...
Vizard pajeet pump
Ok fair enough, it's just weird.
If it's a pump and dump then you're right.
The group behind this plan to dump at 19th for 17k.
There, I said it.
It's not a flash pnd.
I could sell my bags for massive profits now, been riding this since 6k.
Regardless, the project behind is solid, and as Teeka pointed, a good mid hold.
If this is true, thanks for the warn.
I'm gonna keep holding.
It is.
Just set some stop losses and be good.
Good profit for all.
4365609LMAOThis how you get dumped on.
The dumpening
Not yet retard.
The chinks will pump this beauty all the way to 15k
lmao.
Im just waiting to see that :D