Thinking of pulling out my entire 5k in my Roth IRA and putting it into long term stock picks.
Good idea?
(I already own plenty of bitcoin, this is for long term not trading)
for long term, pick an index fund, it's much safer and predictable, with low fees.If you want to take on some risk, buy one that is an index of the entire stock market.
If you want to play it safer, buy a target retirement date fund.
These have asset allocations (put simply, stocks:bond ratio, where stocks are riskier and bonds are safer) that adjust automatically as the years go by.
As you age, the allocation will slowly add more bond % to your portfolio.
You'll want to pick one with the year you'll be retirement age.Vanguard is the best company to use IMO for index funds.Hope that helps!
BCH, all of it, right now, no stop loss
All in VTI or better yet put in 10k in the Admiral Shares version (VTSAX I think?
)Thank me later.
I was thinking of stocks that pay dividends.. is that not worth it with only 5k?thanks for the sell signal
Hmm?
You have enough to buy the S&P 500 index fund of 3,000 starter.
Go invest in that.
It's difficult looking for low cost or reasonable cost mutual funds that perform better than the market for atleast 12+ years.
Taking money out of your IRA is going to cost you a shit load of money in taxes and fees.
That 5000 is tax free and ready to be invested.
The other anon said bonds, and he may be right that it's a bit safer, however, if you lock in the rates, the markets do better over time, that is potential money lost.
over time most bonds perform the same as the market.
My final suggestion is to invest in that vanguard s&p 500 fund.
VFINX I think it's called.
Here's a link from a guy who who failed in suicide attempt and is a multimillionaire.
www.youtube.com/watch?v=wGSs7Uy-8mU
And pay the penalties?
Just leave it.
If you want to transfer assets within the Roth.
Go with Schwab over Vanguard right now.
Schwab is only 5 basis points and Vanguard is higher atm.
I'm pretty sure I get dividends from my VTSMX (vanguard total stock market) index fund.
So these index funds actually pay dividends too.
In the long run, the dividends aren't gonna be what makes you comfortable financially, it'll be the predictable growth of the stock market.
Dividends are nice though because they can get reinvested automatically in the fund.someone above me mentioned stocks doing better over time than bonds, which is accurate.
However, in the short-term, this isn't always true.
That's why with a target retirement fund, the bond-percentage increases, as to protect your savings from short term fluctuations when you cash out.If you're young, (), you can probably get away with a asset allocation of 100% stocks.
then maybe 90-10 stocks-bonds for the next decade or so, etc etc.The image I attached shows the all-time stock market chart.
As you can see at any point on this chart, if you invest young (early 20s), 40 years later when you cash out for retirement the value is significantly higher.
The red circles are "crashes," by the way, which are pretty insignificant from a long-term standpoint.
Having some bonds, as I mentioned earlier, protects you from these short term drops if one were to happen before you cash it out.
DRYSAll you need to know
not betting it all on a dice siteStay poor.
and here's another graph that goes to 2016 and drawn on an even y-axis scale (other is drawn with a different scale to adjust for inflation, I believe, but don't quote me on that).
buy renewable energy / ai / automation ETFsmost are between 30-50% return a year, and obviously the industry is only going to get bigger