Am I the only one who feels like the biztards who invest more than 10K seem to be going to the moon while poorfags are getting justed?Is it because the poorfags have weak hands and can't afford to lose leading to emotional trades?
Pic related, it's a poorfag getting justed
People (like me) who are investing large amounts of money in things have already made it from Bitcoin, ethereum and Neo runs and have either already cashed out our initial investment (and then some) or are so deep into Crypto that they are now true believers.
When we chuck 10k on something, it no longer matters since we're playing with house money.
We're now at the stage where we could live a happy life, now we just want to be filthy stinking rich.
..its true.. i feel bad for these kids sometimes.. they put $150 into large cap and HODL and wait for lambo.
There hasn't been yet a moment in time where buying BTC and holding would have been a bad idea.
..not a bad idea, but you aren’t going to 100x your stack in a couple years.
What's the lowest possible amount to "make it"?
that depends hugely on luck anonYou can catch two mooning coins in a row and make itor you can fail for years
I turned 2k into 40k with just 3 coins this year on /biz/, so not exactly....but I think those of us who know how to amass large amounts of money to invest know how to invest smartly and that's why we are doing well.
My portfolio is only about 40k right now but for a complete shitcoin gamble I wouldn't put in more than like $250, maybe slightly less, hope it does reasonably well and buy a free week's worth of groceries with it.
That's about it.
A lot of retards on this board tell people that just $10.00 in Bitcoin years ago is worth millions now, which is true, and the same thing is going to happen again, completely retarded.."It's still not too late to get rich from nothing with Bitcoin!"
- every fucking crypto investment company ever.
$3.25 million$250k for a house somewhere nice but cheap.
No big city living.
The other 3 mil goes into S&P 500 index fund.
Withdraw 4% from it per year which is around $120k.
Live decent life.
By the time you die you'll have a few more million unless the market crashes.
No opPoorfags are losing like $200the richfags are going from 60btc to 10 btc
Richfags are also in the regular stock market and often own their own businesses.
Throwing 50-100K at something would be like playing to them.
If you can program, just join an open source project.
E.g.
on the NEO CoZ Slack, they distribute 500 NEO among 50 or so devs each week.
Well rhe richfags I'm talking about are just crypto rich fags who got lucky and don't know how to manage their money Like that guy who had over a million usd in sia at the ath
https://medium.com/@cityofzion/weekly-report-18-2017-11-16-2c7c7e83f2f3>For individuals who are interested in financially supporting CoZ development, our donation address is AXSoNQEKjmqPBNPg5cNrHyWivfjok3Vj9D.>For transparency, CoZ Council members are excluded from weekly NEO rewards, and any CoZ competitions.
This week, 341 NEO were awarded for the following contributions to the NEO ecosystem.They have 20k NEO in their wallet, so they can go on like this for a few years.
Alas, we seem to have entered a new age.
There wasnt 100s of altcoins a few years ago.
is this just an american thing or whati don't get why you all overshoot how much money you need to live a care free lifedo you just crave stuff that much?
10k>not a poorfagAnon, I...
there are fewer BTC than millionaires.
If you own at least 1 BTC, even if you bought it today, you will still make it.
Yes, you are right.
Why?
Because holding works in crypto.If you are poor, if a trade goes south, you have to sell at a loss to preserve your capital so you can reinvest in something taht will grow your money back faster.If you are rich, you just put more money in and buy the dip or buy somethign else.If you are poor, you watch the dips helplessly while your money is tied up.HUGE difference.
Is it because the poorfags have weak hands and can't afford to lose leading to emotional trades?yes, this is the reason.
they buy cheap, shitty coins and can't make rational traders.meanwhile I made 30k off cheap shitty coins this summer, have 110k in ETH still, and that was all off a a total investment of about 25k over the past few years.
Because they buy little scam shit hoping for 100x or they're so emotionally attached to the money they can't trade right.Personally I find it a lot easier to make 100$ into 1000 in crypto because I don't care about it that much.
Now that I'm trading with around 100k it's a lot harder