When you make it (post-lambo), do you plan to give money to charity / start your own charity?
If so, which charities or what types of causes will you support?
I'm my own charity
You gotta be a real piece of shit to not have a few things to list here.
My goal is to rent out a box at The Winter Classic each year and take 5 sick kids and their families to the game, fly them in from wherever, put them up someplace nice with an autographed jersey of their favorite player in their hotel room.
I'll be 'donating' money to women if you catch my drift.
Would probably give some money to 4chin as well to keep the servers up.
You're full of shit.
You would only do that to feel better about yourself.
See also: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Psychological_egoism
eh... so what?
If someone helps people out to feel better about themselves, they're still helping people out.
I already do charity and im kinda poor.
I teach young kids (from foster homes) for free.
I'm actual proud as fuck of a few of them already.
They are going to have a good life.
I'm already donatingto savethechildren Syria.Serious.
I think I'd want to model my giving after Bill Gates, but on a smaller scale, of course--just try to give where it's proven to make the most difference.
Nice work, anon.
For real.
That stuff is proven to significantly increase kids chance of graduating high school/succeeding at life.
I've given off and on to Smile Train (they perform surgeries to fix cleft lips).https://www.smiletrain.org/
Thanks man.
That was exactly my mentality.
Give this kids a bigger chance to succeed.
It also lifts my ego a bit, and I don't have an issue saying.
I do it cause i want it, it makes me feel good and it's great for them.
Planning to apply to be a Big Brother for BBBS for this reason.
I would only donate to charities that help men, I know that's fedora but like 99% of all charity goes to women and children while men are overwhelmingly in the most need.
I'd mainly give money to older men who suffered life changing injury from dangerous work like hard laborers and military veterans, and I would give some money to young isolated virgin NEETs who are on the brink of suicide.
Wouldn't give a cent to a woman or a child.
create charity>donate millions of dollars>get massive tax deduction
The Clinton foundation obviously.
#Imwithher
I actually really like this.
If I make it I'm going to quit wagecucking and run an animal sanctuary.
ive been offering every religious institution within the state my abode.
i tell them ill accept any number of needy  year old boys, ill house, clothe (:D), and feed each one.
no responses yet, guess no one appreciates generosity
Yea of course, I'm going to create the next BITCONNECT and give back to anybody who uses my referral :)
thinking leaders of a religious institution want to part with their precious, needy 12 year old boysThere's your problem, anon
I'd just go out to restaurants around my town and give out $1k tips to the best servers I get, maybe give the pizza guy $10k out of nowhere.
From wrong reason.