I sold all my life savings (6btc) and bought BCH at above 2k because you guys convinced me the flippening would happen.
Now i’m down more than 50% and really dont want to live anymore.
Will BCH ever recover?
Never disrespect the king
For me the fippening was just a meme.
too bad ppl fell for it
Maybe.
The fork's in 12 hours so so.
Will probably get a pump after that.
I think Roger Ver is just waiting for the right time to pump really, and waiting for bagholders to get shaken out in the meantime so less people dump on him as he buys.
nope sorry
Will BCH ever recover?probably not, but you learned an important lesson, that being never listen to /biz/
Long answer - no.Short answer - no.
Everyone makes mistakes, anon.
You made a big one.
This is wrong.This is correct:Short answer - no.Long answer- noooooooooooooooo.
I'm glad you trusted us anon.
It's just numbers on a screen buddy, go read a book under a tree.
this op
Roger Ver is just waiting for the right time to pump reallyThis is what I'm counting on.
Yesterday I had 2 BTC and 18 BCH.
I made a few very shitty trades and now I have 1 BTC, 15 BCH and 10 ETH.
Sticking with this.
Also down like 50% from the epic peak.
Ver will save us.
In Ver we trust.
God bless Ver.
Fuck Blockstream.
Kinda sad actually that people fell for this shit.
this happens after every BTC rally.
There's a wave of bullshit fud that cons all the noobs into panicking and dumping their BTC at a loss.
Whales buy up the cheap coins, and then the rally picks up again, while the rekt noobs cry and contemplate suicide for being dumb enough to sell because they believed a meme
I'm sure you're LARPing until you show a transaction, but I guess some people really did that.Prove it and I'll donate.Why would you risk everything on a bet, of course it could happen, but it was not likely and there was no proof or real reason for a flippening.
Sorry annon, you will always be poor.
It was obvious that BCH rise is just a p&d.
You must be really dense to fall for that and buy bch high.
Anon don't give up you bitch.
I lost 2 BTC tonight and I wanted to kill myself too.
I'm full of regret, I masturbated, almost pulled my hair out, it hurts so much.
Fuck.
It's a pain few people understand.But don't give up man.
There's another day.
You got another day.
Keep going anon.
WHY WON'T IT GO UPI DONT EVEN HAVE PINK WOJAKS I'VE NEVER EXPERIENCED THIS LEVEL OF JUST BEFORE
Wait for the hard fork in a few hours.
Vers hasn't even dumped yet
Just hold.
New ATH still today.
Ver is going to do it.
-2Q 2018
43361604336345KEK you guys are counting on a self-interested whale to sell BTC so hard he kickstarts a great flippening.
He only transferred his coins for a psychological effect and is only going to convert some of his BTC to cash.Even if he did try something more bold Bitcoin is too big and antifragile for him to stop at this point.
Not even he, with his mere 155 mil in BTC, can deal lasting change to a $100 billion market cap.
He would only succeed in making himself less rich.
are u the fag in koinvx's discord group LOL
numbers that directly affect the length and quality of your life bro
fork in 12 hoursit's cancelled
no, it won't kys asap
Wtf would you put all your money into one memecoin and not diversify?Dont forget: as long as you dont sell you dont make any losses.
Spoons are more trustworthy anyway..
Source?
His ass.https://www.bitcoincash.org/The update happens 2 PM GMT and then all the hashing power goes back to BCH
FUCK, this is exactly my situation right now minus the selling.
What do I do anon.
LOOK AT XBC AND MAKE YOUR MONEY BACK BITCH
CHING CHANG CHONG.Nexus Earth deserves to be worth 2 cents again after having VER speak at their shit conference.
its unstoppable you moron
ROFL.
NNC is just another, another NoNameCoin and will remain so, despite the greed of its bosses, the scheming and lies.
Haters will never win.
U will never bring BTC under 5K, but surely u scared away at least 10 billion worth of investment which was gonna come between now and Jan2018.
If u keep forking and giving away free coins, it will kill the market in a year or so, by scammers like Ver and Wu.
I've warned people many times here.
You always buy before a pump.
Never ever buy during a pump.
>Fast Transact in seconds.
Get confirmed in minutes.lies, same as bitcoin 1 blocks / 10 minutes at least 30mi for 3 confirmation>Reliable A network that runs without congestion.lies hasrate depends on parasiting bitcoin hasrate based on difficulty and profitability (ie 1block / minutes du to eda...)>Low Fees Send money globally for pennies.lies again, fees increase with the increase of bch and congestion of network>Simple Easy to use.
No hassles.like any other crypto>Stable A payment system that's a proven store of value.lies, high volatility and heavyly manipulated (just look at the 2 past days charts... this kind of shit already happened twice)>Secure World's most robust blockchain technology.lies, dependannt on parasiting bitcoin hashrate, sensible to 51% attackstl;dr shitcoin, you may proceed at your own risks, ie getting dumped on by jihan and roger ver, there is only one bitcoin and his name is bitcoin
It was a p&d thats why
Whats the point in living anymore with those kind of losses.
It will never end.
End it anon, Do it for me, Please?
I cant see you suffer like this.
After it is over you will be free for an eternity.
20% chance at $2000 not looking good
BUY XBC ITS MOONING AND ITS STILL CHEAP
thisit's an expensive lesson that everyone's got to learn.
when the FUD hits , hodl your btc and stop browsing biz.
or use the FUD to buy low and sell high...what kind of scrub are you?
Even if he pumps the price won't hold, sentiment has already changed since yesterday.
People know now its not organic growth because of high demand but Ver pumping.
People will just ride the wave and dump.
I hold many BCH myself but I don't think this plan will work anymore.
Who the fuck trust anons on 4chan.
Dont invest what your not comfortable with lossing.
Since I'll believe what your saying and wont be a totally asshole like normal.
Remember its only money, life goes on
>people actually bought the Fomo and got mega JUST'd>tried to warn people, but they wouldn't listen and now a large section of your account belongs to Korean/Chinese p+d'ers
People like me told you not to fall for the flippening meme but you wouldn’t listen ,now you’re paying the price for your greed
https://steemit.com/bitcoin/@haejin/bch-update-keep-close-eye-on-this-pattern
Sure it will just buy back in buddy, I have some gains to make.
No, buy monero and double your 50%
Just wait for the 0.5 buy wall
I am so happy you idiots giving in to the artificial pumping and FOMO losing your money.
Your fucking greed for 10% and idiotic flippening memes caused so much turmoil for my alts.
Just lose it all.
>trading based on emotion>expecting 3-digit rates on bchi feel bad for you tho anon