whenever i explain crypto to uninformed people,i do my best to explain the technology, and why it has amazing growth potentialbut i always get the feeling they've never really accepted anything i said, even when they seem to genuinely smile and tell me they'll read more about itdont know whether to feel smug that I'm more open mindedand forward thinkingor ashamed that I didnt do a better job changing someones life for the better
I feel this way too.
I tell my friends to buy this and that coin.
They never do, it moons and they lose out.
I just wanted to make them money so I won't lose my friends to greed after all this pays off
They'll only take you seriously when they see how much money you make.
My friend gave me 10$ to invest (back when bitcoin was $100 each) and hasnt asked me about it since.
or ashamed that I didnt do a better job changing someones life for the betterOP you're a stupid nigger I wish I never discovered crypto I'd be a lot richer right now
tfw dad works in tech and is the only other person I can talk about crypto and the blockchain with in person
4515318there is one rule a person will learn in every lifedo not do business with friends or family.
Do not.
Later on in life you'll be thankful they ignored you.
Don't bother.
It's like trying to convince someone why a car is better than a horse in the early 1900s.
Keep is simple stupid
NEVER bring this up, no good can come from it
My father decided to play around with crypto years ago.
He's an old fuck, but a Stanford mathematician.
Now a days he just says he wished he has bought more when he had the chance years ago.
He apparently made somewhere in the realm of 200k watching BTC balloon.
And here I am, losing money on shitcoins.
whenever i explain crypto to uninformed peoplewait.
stop.
no.
don't do it.
i joined facebook groups and one that is local where i know a few old people on a face to face basis.
the local one is full of middle aged parents.
im like 30 anyway but these people signed up for USI Tech and coinbase.
im probably the only one doing this manually while everyone else is buy these packages.
At this point in my life i am completely cut off from my peers but i always was anyway, they probably see me as gay and boring so i am alienated.
I am left behind and wasted my youth involuntarily while everyone else got their fucks in and settled down posting baby pictures and recipes and other shit, no drama and the sluts that do just share wine drinking memes and other shit.
so im going to see where this takes me with the local bitcoin community.
ill probably start posting news and shit so i can look relevant to these sad fucks.
who knows, i may get a desperate horny cougar to ride me and she may spread the word to her 20 year old daughters.
best case scenario i could just fuck these miserable wives over a facebook group.