Was just scrolling through random coins, and saw this shit.
Bout fell out of my chair.
It's true what other forums say about you faggots.
All hush hush when you are acquiring it and suppressing the price so no one notices.
Then you run it up 50%, post about it on here, then dump at 60%.
Sgould I buy this, Faggots?
Be honest for once.
DELETE THIS.
Ok. Now Im seeing sells on the order books for SIXTY EIGHT THOUSAND FUCKING SAT!
WHAT IS GOING ON?
TELL ME.
DO IT NOW OR YOUR MOTHER DIES IN HER SLEEP FAGGOOOOOOOOOTSSSSS!
I will make a "Ronald McDonald" Thread, and you can contact me there.
I will give you a gmail, and tell you what is going on if you Just.
Fucking.
Delete.
This.
Thread.
The real moon mission is Trig.
You have to tell me and all other biztards what is up, or no go.
Fuck that arrogant cock sucker.
I lost 80% in that Faggots coin a couple of months ago.
Im seeing this shit on Stroj, and its looking like just before a moon mission on OK cash last Month I made 8K on with minimal investment.
I don't give a fuck about a redneck wrist rocket coin, I wanna know what is going on with THIS one NOW!!!!!!
sweet just unironically got 500
The Pajeet All in.
kek you're the pajeet shilling trig.
this buy was probably less than 5% of my acct faggot
Welp, this Dick Licker wont tell me what is up, but I have been watching those sellwalls steadily nibbling away without bouncing up and down lime sucker walls.
Gonna fomo 5k.
Wish me luck.
Douchebag.
Fuck you asshat.
Very funny, and how did you know I lost money in Trig?
Not a guess.
everyone did, dipshit.
You think you are special?
I can be an idiot just like (you).
Stingy retard.
You are really grinding my gears.
Vitalik moving his files to Storj before the raid
shit u guys is binance dead
(((You))) are one greeeeeedy cock sucker.
Just pump it higher to make up for your higher accumulation, now that the cat is out of the bag.
You can afford it, Im sure.
What the fuck.
You were accumulating for nothing long before I said anything.
How much do you have to have, ALL of it!
And what is the scoop faggot.
I dont see this on normie media anywhere.
W-wut?
Shit!
I have funds stuck with Money Skelley coin on hitbtc.
FUCK!
OF ALL TIMES to have that shit lock up.
Serves you right, Retard.
Some anon posted here about insider knowledge on storj yesterday.
Seemed genuine so i bought a bag myself.
No idea what the hot news is though.
fuuuuuuuUUUUUUUUUUCK THERE IT GOES.
goDAMN HITBTC!
Oh well, I got 5k.
Smarter than the average krill.
Not yet, Sperg.
Yeah, I saw like 3 of them that got deleted right away, just like Dick Licker here tried to get me to do.
I didn't pay any attention to them at the time.
You have no clue who you are dealing with.
Congrats on this.
Seriously.
Wut.
Wy?
I don't know what the fuck Im doing.
Did the blind squirrel actually find an Acorn?
that was one of vitaliks tweets to bitcoin cash when they overcame eth in marketcap
No shit.
Sauce?
If no sauce, then........
This is your "BigSecret", isnt it, Dick Licker?
BTC...much wow
Not all of us were born with Daddys silver dick up our ass, Chad/ Stacey.
Holy shit, Anon, you shot that anon down in flames!
Truce?
Its what I do best.
No Truce.
How bout an Armistice?
Truce.
What is our DMZ?
whats a "Ronald McDonald" Thread?
is that an su27 exploding?
It is somewhat like an EMS, a One Time Cypher.
But it never uses the same name, and is custom made to the psych profile of the Subject.
It will be about something completely unrelated to the message subject matter, but will catch the attention of the intended receiver.
You can hook up with them in said thread, and exchange contact info without anyone in that thread, or the previous thread being the wiser.
even though you now know this, you will still be unable to intercept or interpret a One Time Cypher, unless it was made specifically for (you).
(Big Guy) Craft 101, Chapter136, ppgs.
4362 - 4561.
Yar Matey.
Good profiling.