Was shilled on /biz/ right after the token was released and then forgotten about.
Currently sitting right above the ICO price.
No premined bullshit either, every token was paid for.They have a large marketing effort coming up in anticipation of their token conversion tool going live and the Utility token (DRPU) is listed on hitBTC December 1st.
Currently you can buy DRP on either EtherDelta or cryptopia (lol).
But you will be able to convert those into twice the amount of DRPU.
The venture capital platform and forums will be going live in December as well.
And eventually a derivatives exchange is slated for Q2.
Once the exchange is live you can exchange your DRPU tokens for DRPS tokens to collect dividends on the exchange commissions.
This is your chance to get in before it moons in December.
Sold at x3 and never looked back.ICOs are all about hype, and DCORP's died a long time ago.
I'm in for $6,000.
It's the comfiest hold I've ever experienced.
I'm not really sure why no one on here talks about it, maybe they're in their buttfucking discords or telegrams talking about it.
Explain this exchanging token for another and then another thing.
That's the aprt I don't get
Since the team originally structured the token as a security before the SEC made a big deal about it over summer they needed to restructure to avoid regulation.
So they're gonna give DRP holders the option to convert their DRP to either DRPU which won't pay dividends but you get 2x the amount of tokens.
Or DRPS, which is a 1:1 conversion rate, but will pay dividends in the future after the derivatives exchange goes live.
With this structure it gives US citizens an option for a token that passes the Howey test and will prevent DCORP from getting raped by the SEC.
So after their ICO, the threat of regulations cracking down on securities became more real.
They used their money to hire 2 legal & compliance experts who came up with the idea of splitting into 2 tokens: 1 for utility only, and 1 for utility features + dividends.
DRP will make a token changer contract that you can use to convert DRP to DRPU at a 1:2 ratio or to DRPS at a 1:1 ratio.
You will also be able to convert DRPU to DRPS at a 2:1 ratio and vice versa in case you change your mind about which one you want.
This way if your jurisdiction does not allow you to hold a security like this, or you don't want to deal with the red tape involved; you can just buy DRPU and get more voting stake.A common misconception is that DRPS tokens do not allow you the same rights as DRPU tokens.
This is false.
The only difference between them is total supply, and dividend payments.
DRPS has voting + dividends.
don't say /biz/ never gives you chances.
Yup I only did 2x but that's enough I bounced.Interesting product will probably get another pump down the line for sure