Why is bitcoin pumping ?Simple, large investors put in millions for free 2X.
Now they want to cash out but don't want to cash out at a loss.They pump ->you goyim fomo -> they dump
you're dumb.
you made the wrong assumptions.you figured the people were holding and buying more in preparation for the fork when in reality the fork represented uncertainty and was suppressing demand.
SEGWIT 2X WAS JUST CANCELLED YOU FUCKING IDIOTLMFAOO
no large investors pumped bitcoin for free altcoins you fucking idiot, it was the shitcoiners that put their money in, thats why alts were getting rapednow the chinks have been told to get fucked real money is entering, not bitch alt money, because this just shows you can't fuck with bitcoin
This is a short squeeze.
All people betting on the uncertainty crashing the market got insta-BTFO'd and liquidated.
This is a short squeeze.
All people betting on the uncertainty crashing the market got insta-BTFO'd and liquidated.you either understand what a short squeeze is, and know that the price must always down after the bloodbath (of shorters)or you don't understand what a short squeeze is.
you understand that 2x isnt just free money right?
some of the value has to come from bitcoin.
that creates uncertainty of which fork will do better.
s2x cancelled, so goodabye uncertainty.
only way btc is going is up and up
Why does price have to move down after shorters getting rekt?
Why does price have to move down after shorters getting rekt?because longs that squeezed that shorts will be closed
After the shorts are purged, the bubble is popped and the cycle repeats... the fucking shorts have to cover creating demand which moves the price up... their demand dies when they die and the damn price goes down...Literally kill your self if you don’t know this
Mind telling a brainlet why a short squeeze happens or who benefits?
Internal games of an exchange.
Parting poor people with their money.
That doesn't imply price will always fall after a squeeze.
Otherwise the massive FOMO we see in crypto wouldn't be possible.
.... and what happened?
did you really take a picture of your screen with your phone?
why is this board populated by retards?