I've got this message from Telegram group I cannot announce.Please take with the grain of salt but also please be careful.I will leave it here.https://my.mixtape.moe/oyjlzx.webm
Text version:This is a message from an insider.
I am a member of Chinese whale community.
I cannot provide any proofs nor open my identity but I cannot allow myself to stand and watch for the greatest theft from poor and reputation destruction of blockchain based cryptocurrency to happen.I have been informed of major Bitcoin manipulation taking place in order to compromise Bitcoin security and reliability.
A group of coordinated Chinese investors have a plan to pump Bitcoin to 10000 USD after which they plan on coordinated crash of Bitcoin to sub 1000 levels because they have already taken their fiat money out and replaced them with margin tether traiding.
It will not cost them a dollar.
They will push Bitcoin below the demand levels.The situation with Bitfinex and Tethers is legitimate but it is a distraction.
Inflated amount of Tethers are not a source of money used for Pump.
Bitcoin Cash is the source.For some reason community accepted 20 Billion dollar appearance out of thin air which is the market capitalization of Bitcoin Cash as the natural process.
It is not natural.
These artificial money are currently used to cash out Chinese investors and pump original Bitcoin to 10000 USD without taking any losses.Shortly after Bitcoin crash below 1000 USD they plan to introduce Bitcoin Cash as a true Bitcoin and necessary replacament which is not inflated and then reject Tether pairings.
This is why Bitcoin Cash price is stabilized at 1000 USD as was price of original Bitcoin in January 2017.This is the operation Dragonslayer in it's final stage.
They have created billion of dollars with Bitcoin hardforks and use Tether as a tool to artificially bump Bitcoin price cash out their money and coordinate total collapse.Please be careful as next month will be very unstable.
Nice just bought 100K
Thank you for sharing OP.
You might save some lifes with this message.
not clicking that shit nigger
He posted text as well.
You don't have to click on it...
FUDUD
Is this sincere, OP?
Why should we trust this information?
What if not?
Please stay open-minded and consider noth outcomes...
You don't have trust.
Be prepared for different outcomes.
>>"Inflated amount of Tethers are not a source of money used for Pump.
">>"...and use Tether as a tool to artificially bump Bitcoin price..."Am i misunderstanding the hypocrisy?
"The greatesttricktheDevilever pulled was convincing the world he didn't exist.
"When everybody looking to the left, make sure you look to the right...
FUD
Text version>The audio file is text to speechthe only thing that worries me about crypto is that true idiots can get rich
Thanks for the heads up anon, just bought 100k worth eth