support bitcoin if you think the coin should remain as decentralized as possiblesupport BCH if you think the coin should be more centralizedBCH is essentially a 51% attack
your deluded if you think btc is decentralized.
BCH is a contentious fork, nothing more.
The best coin will win.
Forks are the heart of open source development, they prevent stagnation at the hands of a bunch of retards who believe they own the codebase to a FREE, as in freedom, software project
Nice shilling, how much do you get paid?
I flip burgers at McD in Sydney for $25/hour.
Im holding a lot of BTC and no BCH.
Im getting paid in gains.
Besides, the coin with the most users will win.
and normies are flooding into bitcoin.
dont expect to sell them on BCH, they probably dont understand the technical benefits.
Congrats on this.
Seriously.
ANOTHER pajeet fud threadwhy is blockstream paying you people?
why are they so scared?
dragonslayer is real isn't it?
If it was really contentious, it shouldn't have put in EDA and replay protection.
Jihan and co. knew it wouldn't survive without it tho.
Lol you retard buy bch until tomorrow at least kek.
"Muh philosophy" no one cares, make money before this shitshow called cryptomeme dies.
muh nodes
My first BTC purchase was below $3.I now firmly believe BTC needs to die and BCH is the obvious path forward.
I have never before supported any other fork or alternative node implementation.AMA.
What's your favorite colour and why is the pink of the blockstream wojaks after the flippening?
im white
what is the diference in the logo of BTC and BCH?
soon there won't be any difference :)
Support BTC if you love centralization by Blockstream, high fees, slow transactions, being maxwell's bitch and tether propped bubbles that could pop any time.Support BCH if you love china miner domination, fast, cheap tx, being ver & jihan's bitch and want a seat on the flippening rocket
What?
Americans are attacking Bitcoin?
t. p a j e e t
im gonna park my BTC in XMR over the weekend while BCH fails a coup for a third time.
BTC isn't decentralized, you nimwit.
Small nodes have no authority in the network.
Decisions are made by a small group.
that's what I did, watch XMR inadvertently become king