I'm not even going to try hard to shill this one.
Just look at the 10 page whitepaper.www.feenix.tech>will be listed on exchanges at the end of this month.>easy money.this goes under the radar.
normies don't know about unlisted tokens and still buying ico.https://etherdelta.com/#0x017188526374f723ec66509ea0c44dd797a33c84-ETH
don't say i didn't tell you guys when its 100x next week.
i read the whitepaper, but why will this particular file sharing service take off?
Are there no others?
>shill me bb
This will revolutionize filesharing.
There is nothing like it.
It's just like any other source control program
obviously you didn't read it.
it's a distributed and secure filesystem for big data parallel processing systems analytics services with cloud-capabilities and emergent AGI built-in to the framework.basically if you buy this coin, when the singularity comes in 3 years most people will sell themselves to you as slaves / sex-workers.
decentralized / uncensored torrents that pay.standalone wallet due out next month, torrent 3.0 release to follow.
watch this if you cbf reading the whitepaperhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y8B4QqgpoKslast time im gunna bother shilling this.>ico price is 1 btc for 10k.
normies don't know about unlisted tokens and still buying ico.>https://etherdelta.com/#0x017188526374f723ec66509ea0c44dd797a33c84-ETH
I got a bunch.
I can't wait I'm so amped.
I got 1k in the airdrop and bought another 29k off ED.
This is going to be fucking huge.
Can companies see who's downloading what?
I don't want to get sued.+ What if it becomes like limewire where you download a movie and it ends up being porn
The Founder was recruiting pajeets from 4chan to shill this shit for 10k airdrop, telling it was a scam from him and his buddies to make cash LMAO
Holy fuck.
Dat whitepaper!
Count me in goys.
if it goes 100x I’m literally a millionaire
can anyone find any info whatsoever on the "team"?
i couldn't.
>cant afford a web dev>"revolutionary"come the fuck on at least try to sell me
Easy 10x guys
What's the circulating supply you fucking nigger
Also is ED not working for anyone else?
Fucking cocksucker won't load a page
Isnt this just the coin created by some biz thread a month or two ago.
It's a paid utorrent.
No thanks
Wtf, the thing is going for like 1/40 the ICO price on ED right now.
How the fuck is this shit not being bought up
when the singularity comes in 3 yearsanother link?
people don’t know the linkthe marketing guy came here to try and viral market, giving airdrops in return for memes
look harder.
i found a couple of them without too much effort.they were doing maintenance, its up for me nowthey did a few 100 coin airdrops on bitcointalk if you signed up as an affiliate.
you have no idea what you are looking at do you?it would only take one serious buyer to send it 10x.. this is going 100x easy
4426219he gave to the first 5 people that created a meme.
Explain how it isn't just a paid utorrent>inb4 HURRR DYOR
they wouldn't know about it because you need this secret linkhttps://etherdelta.com/#0x017188526374f723ec66509ea0c44dd797a33c84-ETHRead the whitepaper numbnuts.
i'm not even going to waste my time shilling it to mongols who can't do their own research.nows the time to get balls deep in fenx.
Before discord groups get the fucking ED link.Before it gets listed on an exchange.
Before it moons.
you mongoloid basket weavers.
HURRR DYORI did and it's a fucking paid utorrent now fuck off and kill yourself nigger
got some on ED cheap
www.feenix.techThis already exists and it's called JoyStream./thread
>buy before exchange listing>move to HitBTC when listed>LambolandI left my /biz/reali brothers afew cheapies but get in there quick, we're goying up.
This coin will be trading at over $1 by the time it listed
looks kinda fishy
Fish lmao.
I'm going to be a whale soon.
Dumping link to buy this.
Feelsgoodman.
im a poorfag.
i got 1000 fenx, will i make it /biz/?
Yeah you will make bank on it, but 10 or 20 eth wont get you that lambo son
If this doesn't go $2+ when it gets on the exchanges i'll eat my own dick.Most here dont know how to use ED.
biz is crawling with newfags these days.
Why is this so far below ICO?
I just bought 2500, lets see how much money you fags can cost me this time
That scam though
Just bought some more.
We're going to pump this shit so high
How do you bring up links for unlisted tokens?
What do you fill out in ''Other''?
You don't have to use other just put the token address where the ticker would normally be then -eth https://etherdelta.com/#0x017188526374f723ec66509ea0c44dd797a33c84-ETHNow you know how to do the super secret trading on ED
Token address is the smart contract address for the ICO right?
or?
https://etherscan.io/token/0x017188526374f723ec66509ea0c44dd797a33c84It's the token address
I mean contract address
Alright I figured it out, thanks!
Np happy trading mate.
Let's go to the moon
happily holding a bunch of this shit.
also, look at the order book on ED.
It would take about ~15 ETH to make this thing skyrocket.
Just wait until the 22nd when this shit goes live.
Give me proof that any of their team exists and not a photoshopped picture.
Scam coins are scam coins
I google'd the names of their teamChao Li is a mathematician from Harvard, teaching at Columbia University but he advertises no skill in coding/programation.
The photo match with his Columbia profile pageEric Johnson is very common name, and an US guitarist.
His photo does not match any results of Johnsons known in the blockchain communityBrooks Shaw, no results, no photo matchAleks Petrov is also a very common name, first result is a screenwriter, no photo match with any Petrov in blockchain>Common names that can not be searched on the internet>An asian guy with prestigious degrees in maths as blockchain developper but no blockchain related skills/papers>Litterally nobodiesSCAM
And yet they created a highly impressive token.
It's almost like a Columbia math grad can figure out the same shit that 19 year olds can figure out.
Weird
Harvard**
Im getting error 4040 from your ed links, whats wrong?
ED is down.
Shit site.
Give it a minute
I get it for ed as whole, website probably down
Oh, so you should invest in people after they have proven themselves and not before!
Okay!
This desu.
Last Update: 10/25/2017.
mention about anything related to blockchain/crypto/computer scienceThrowing my money at people because they wrote a 10 page whitepaper about P2P file sharing>investmentYeah try harder shill.
I hope you're happy with you airdropped tokens
4432270I go to columbia and just emailed Chao li to see if he is really in the project.
Will update when he responds
GAS THESE FILTHY FUCKING PAJEETS.
You WILL get rekt if you buy this piece of shit.
Emailed him aswell
He graduated from Harvard, teaching at Columbia
Dean H. U filthy little faggot.
I hope u break ur neck on your shitstreet.
He said it isn't him, but that it isn't his picture eitherSo we aren't certain that they are totally fake, but the poster above saying he is a columbia math prof is wrong too
Newcoiners should pay close attention.
This is what the desperate pleas of a filthy peasant who sold too early sound like.
So buy in or not?
My pants are sweaty cmon guys, is it real or no
Alright linkies do you.
When he says yes you'll probably still not buy
No.
Just look at the fucking buy tokens ICO page.
FENX = .0012 BTC = $9.24 FENX = .017 ETH = $5.78Obvious scam
Just so you know, I am the guy that shilled the shit out of FENX the day before yesterday and dumped all my bags.
I have no delusions about this project being any more than the scam it is
www.feenix.techWebsite looks like absolute dog shit.
I'll pass.
And one day you'll get what you deserve
Except I created most of the threads.
And you'll regret your decision so much kek.
I literally have the screenshots of me doing it, you don't win this argument bro
no verifiable people on the projectlol, nice try fag
So we have no known person in the "dev" teamscam is guaranteed
I believe you that you hyped up the project and then sold your coins.
But the fact that you're fudding this thread proves that you're just trying to rebuy in cheap.
If you didn't want to buy back in why would you even care?
And go as far as taking screenshots kek
This is obvious lol.
Epic fudders.I must admit i have fudded coins i've sold trying to get back in cheap, and been successful once as well

I'm not even going to try hard to shill this one.
posts by this ID
This one was one of the funniest.
I was in the thread with him.
He was shilling for the project until literally right when his sell order got filled and then he went I was just shilling this project but it actually sucks sell sell sell.
Only on /biz/
ITT Shills' battle about who is the worst shill for the obvious scam they fell for.
Don't you have a based Sergei thread you need to get to?
O and I'm sure a fucking Columbia professor would respond to you in like 20 minutes on a Saturday
"please leave my scam thread and go to that other scam thread"the absolute state of this board
Dude you got wrecked in this thread.
Try to maintain some dignity and just move on.
It's sad.
Coming from an academic email address of the top 150 uni in the world?
obviously yes.Only buyers got wrecked in this thread.
I did my research, can't find any of the devs on the internet on on Facebook,Twitter, Linkedn, their ANN thread is dead and was written after their ICO started, their site is shit and the whitepaper is garbage.Do you need more?What have you contributed to this thread?
>inb4 "to da moooon!!1!1!!
Xd"
I live to entertainI have a columbia address and profs reply fast to studentsharsh
Or you just created a fake email kek.
You're trying too hard
And I don't need to contribute anything the white paper speaks for itself.
t. Bagholder trying too hard
We have toilets in canada Rakesh S.
Maybe someone should contact this professor about the email a student sent him, explain that the student that emailed him just admitted to scamming people with a pump and dump scheme so that the professor divulges your name.. and then turn your faggot ass into the fucking SEC
This will pump tomorrow reguardless, and those who sold today will fud.
And those who fud today will buy.This is begining to be the norm here.did anyone here get in the COSS ico?
This reminds me a lot of coss.
Low volume, small market cap and everytime someone posted FUD on 4chan someone posted a sell order on ED.
Buying low and selling high is not illegal.
And I doubt that was a real email.
He's clearly butthurt from selling his bags way too early.
Anyway you guys should just read this and then make your own decision about if you want in or not.
http://feenix.tech/white-paper/
the fuck do i trade on this shit?
where is last price?
https://etherdelta.com/#0x017188526374f723ec66509ea0c44dd797a33c84-ETHThe super secret link
And the ICO price was 10000 for 1 bitcoin
When's it going to be listed for real boys
where to buy??
Etherdeltahttps://etherdelta.com/#0x017188526374f723ec66509ea0c44dd797a33c84-ETH
i'm watching this closely.
i might take a position when i work out if its just weak handed pajeets selling too early for crumbs or a wannabe whale who is pointlessly holding us back before an upcoming exchange listing .
Yea cus that always works out kek
Blatantly admitting that you know something is a scam and conned investors into buying the scam for your own profit is illegal.
The faggot clearly stated >I have no delusions about this project being any more the scam it isThat is fucking securities fraud.
its obvious that guy has a servere case of autism.
there is no scam its all fud to make people sell into the bids.
Lambos for everyone next week.
That white paper is nothing special.
No math nothing technical just a few pages of a worded explanation.
I could have written sonething that complex.
This project is done by a sole individual college student shill bitch.
Avoid at all costs jesus christ you idiots just because it sounds nice doesn't mean it is.
LRC is mooning right now and will probably double in marketcap in the next week and this shit will do nothing.
We already have P2P torrenting thanks.
http://feenix.tech/white-paper/Embarassing whitepaper :(
I think the last 3 posts are the same pajeetI don't know how to use etherdelta, i need to learn i'm always missing out
pajeets buying this shitcoin deserve to get dumped on