I just went all in NEO with my measly wagecuck earnings.
You guys can all dump on me now I guess.
It's going up
 days till the news - it will taper off before then
Well, we won't.
Not in two days at least, and when the news drop if it's as massive as people think considering they've done everything they can not to hype upcoming news, the fact that they're hyping now can be huge.In my opinion, it'll level at around $80, after an initial dump at the announcement back to $40-50, then moon to $120 (best case scenario).
I'll be selling half my stash at $100, then keep the rest because in the long term, this is going to $300 I think.
you're fineneo seems to be one of the few coins with actual development going on, i.e.
more than 15 people actually working with it on the technical sidehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2RWegc0DWmQhttps://www.reddit.com/r/NEO/comments/7dm7ol/dapp_competition_submissions_preview/Bitcoin, Ethereum and Monero seem to have the biggest dev communities after that.
me too bro $200 AUD
Can you explain why?
I don't understand why people throw their money which they actually seem to need at the most high risk goods.
Longterm (2 years) 1000 dollar/neo.Who knows what the price will be in a decade though when blockchain tech will be fully mainstream in modern business world.
when blockchain tech will be fully mainstream in modern business worldWhich is why I'm still believing in REQ in the long term, especially since they are over 6 months ahead of schedule.
There's also a few tips which I know will be insane, that already has technology behind it and working business partners.
It's just, the more I spread the news the less I can gain myself on it.
But should I spread it to you guys?
You seem nice.
No pain no gain, bro.
looks like NEO going break up soon again
You guys don't seem to realize that NEO is an actual fucking good hold, and most people that buy in (even high) won't be tempted to sell like they are with other PnD coins (such as BCH).
The ONLY thing that caused NEO to drop hard a few months back was the fact the China news made it tank hard and let people panic sell.
NEO has held up all that time and people that panic sold back than are buying back in and they won't fucking sell this time.GET IN NOW BOYS THIS IS YOUR CHANCE TO GET IN ON THE NEXT ETH MOON MISSION!!!!
Yes please!
I'm holding over 2.5k through monday.
Get rich or die trying
I'm in 18 NEO can't wait to get JUST'd
MOD CoFounder speaking at same conference as NEORumor that NEO is gonna host MOD blockchain per Modum subreddit
 minutes max
Now your feelkng bro, got 20 coins at $40, wagecuck going pretty much all in, sad fucking thing was I was going to do it at $28 but i was fucking around with bitcash because i was hoping it was going to do the same as last week, made a easy $600 off that but could have made more but it was my first time trading and had no idea what the fuck to do, i got in at 1050 and buying and selling because i was having a fucking heart attack watching my cash dip in seconds before my eyes.
Well, it's an ICO which in itself should be alarming, except these guys have safe guards against it being dumped.All tokens must be held 3-6 months before traded and if you want to sell them before that, you can only sell them back to the company.
It's focused primarily on the chinese market, and people selling false products.
What it is, is a method to verify products being real and see where they originate from.
It already has physical stores ready to start selling products with this RFID chip on them, and they have a digital store which people are already paying over 20% extra to make sure their products are the real deal.It begins it focus on baby products, baby powder specifically since there has been a huge controversy with false products killing infants in china.
It will later expand to alcohol which is the second biggest problem in China with false products, and later expand even more.
It's advisers and backers include the VP of MasterCard, Executive Directors of Goldman Sachs amongst others.So yeah, this will be huge.
wacoin.io>want to know more?
I'll be happy to explain if you want.
For instance, every time you scan a product, you generate a token which can then be used to either get a discount on the next purchase, or even get a free product by using WaBi to pay for it.
So it even has the built in "Buy X get 1 for free" into it's core system, and it's focused on mothers, well, how fucking insane won't this be?
$4 Antshares here.
Went through a lot of ups and downs, holding til at least $100.
And if you do find this tip helpful, I'd do appreciate a donation, and I swear it will be used for drugs and sex primarily.
1JEL5UJfY9DwPjyeVCxESFv9qpEbVKdmPr
Fuck off cunt, I'll be eating toast all week if this shit tanks, one week and you faggots hsve tried so hard to take to little profit I made in the pump and dump without knwing shit, please dont fuck me in this.
Did sleep last night because hoping bitcash would moon.
I swear its bsck to the horse and gray hound racing for me, I fuckjng killed it this season on the races and less stress then this shit, rather risk it on thise fuckers to be honest
Yeah I'm watching NEO like a hawk ready to sell if it looks like it's going to dump.
I literally put all my (tiny amount of) money into it haha.
Learn to filter.
Learn to follow trends and specifically try to find trustworthy rumor sites about upcoming listings.
Buying on etherdelta and then dumping as it gets listed is a sure way to make a quick buck, but some of them can be worth a lot after the initial dump.
It's just about learning which will and which won't.And something I rarely see people discuss is using google trends (amongst others) to gauge interests in upcoming coins.For instance, I've noticed how certain coins before spiking had an increase in google searches, specifically with "<COIN> value" trends, if you see a spike in the google trend, and it's not yet listed on major exchanges, it will moon at least 50% when it does get on major exchanges.
But then there's the danger of not being fast enough to dump, or going in it for the long haul and having it crash and you lose all you invested basically.
hey buddy, I hope you make some money and don't lose anything.
remember don't get greedy if it does go up.
if you get 2x or 3x gains then you should sell, or take out your initial investment at least even earlier.
best of luck to you anon.
are we expecting a dip at some point?, want to buy back in.
If it would've dipped, it would've probably dipped already due to it being Saturday.
If it doesn't dip tomorrow, it probably won't.
Come Monday it will only get stronger.I'd say, if you got money to invest, do it now, maybe put a buy order at 0.005500 because I think that's the lowest you can hope for right now.Then again, this all depends on how and what happens with BTC's value.
we've been in a dip of sorts for the past 2 hours, just about to break out

I got 100 at 23.90.
Holding forever
Got in at $5.25 here.
Only got 86 ANS , will I make it?
We're all gonna make it.
>AXY2aMstjmRjfc4w11RDVXKStaZnT4saiKAnyone wanna help a poorfag out?
whatever you can spare
guys...you're supposed to buy at the low, not the high.....
Monday news though
better be some dank news to make it go up even more
Just the fact there is news will be enough to make it go up
ever heard buy the rumor sell the news?
Guys I think NEO is going to hit $45 in next couple of hours..
It's about to dump!
Watch out!
110+ BTC buy wall on Bittrex
ITS ALREADY ON $44 YOU BRAINLET OFCOURSE IT WILL
thanks for that, fuck it bought back in 576, ill make that dip happen, you guys are welcome.
Why would it?
Because it's a pump n dump.
I always buy high, how is this preventable?
Buy these coins when there's low activity
buy low
have some oc I just made.
I trade at work when my boss thinks im working.
mfw I recoup trading fees and minor losses with an hours worth of work.
e.g., I just bought some mtl recently, it's very low, but i believe it's a solid product that'll do well in the long term.
gotta be patient
you're doing God's work anon, keep the jews angry
Quality OC
dip any second
Oh my God!
why would you bother now?
best case scenario you hit a 2x if you hold it for a couple months, worst case you take a loss if it dips and you sell.
better going into something that hasn't started mooning yet for a higher potential ROI.
Lots of shitcoins that can perform better than NEO right now.
stuff like REQ, Kyber, will do better than 2x, QTUM is looking like it's going to moon soon, it could easily reach NEO numbers which would mean a 4-5x in price.
kek
I suppose you have to get your fomo under control.
I can't talk though cause I always buy high
I think a decent strategy to prevent that would try to see which coins are new, which pop up on Etherdelta and which are starting to get listed.
Generally, if they hit listing after listing they'll rise, so if you buy a lot of alt coins when they're very low you could see some gains.
Also, this strategy means that maybe one in every ten investments will see profit, the rest will probably put you at a loss in a worst case scenario, but if that one out of ten sees a decent bump it might get you profit in the long run.
only time it will dump is after the news drops and depending on the news it will either keep pumping or dump.
yeah...i'm not going to take my chances.
i'll dump my bags on sunday night.