>bitbean up 40%>chainlink bleedingWho ever thinks the market is rational is a retard
Nothing will be rational until BTC chills the fuck out.
If you stuck in alts and can't day trade, come back in January next year
4356136CHAINLINK: billion coins million in circulation million owned by developer ready to dump>raised over 100 million dollars for "development", has no developers>no blockchain>no company>github has 1 pajeet who stopped sending commits in June>fake SWIFT "partnership" cents a coinBITBEAN: billion coins billion in circulation>less than 100 million owned by developer, never dumps>open source>real secure blockchain, never has a single issue>has a team of developers incentivized with the beancore program>has actual merchants, a community, and a reason to exist sat
When will BTC chill the fuck out?
Because this fork drama is stupid as fuck.
MY BITBEAN IS FINALLY SPROUTING!NEXT STOP A BEANSTALK TO THE MOON
It will be over when the BTC ETF is finalised.
I expect a massive BTC pump followed by ridiculous amounts of money flooding into alts.
CME futuresPretty sure that thing is priced in.
They already announced it weeks ago.
The free coins meme had more effect on the price.
I mean its not like the institutional money are going to buy Bitcoin.
They are only betting on the price.
everybody keeps saying ridiculous alt pumpwhen the fuck is it gonna happen?
Should I just sell all my ETH based tokens?
One of the alts I have basically just doubled.
And LINK will still bleed.The market isn't very interested LINK tokens.
Nobody knows how it should actually be valued at this point because it's not a traditional crypto.
It's a token with a specific function and doesn't promise dividends, and the "staking" aspect needs more clarification.It could end up being valuable, it could also be outperformed by more run of the mill cryptos.Hype on 4chan alone won't make LINK moon.
Adoption will be required.
That will probably happen towards the end of Q1 2018.
It's senseless holding link at the moment.
interested in*
WAHHHHHHHHHHHHHH, MY COINS DON'T GO UP EVEN THOUGH I WANT THEM TO, WAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
The team is announcing the PoC results this december though.
They could possibly announce the next stage with Swift during that time too.
Right after you lose patience and sell.
Source?
well I guess its never happening then cause i'm not selling until I ATLEAST hit my goals
They basically said it on Slack, that the results for the PoC will be announced this december.
Its old news.
Its just speculation though that they will announce something new regarding Swift at the same time.
I mean it makes sense to announce something new in relation to the Swift GPI project at the same time the results are announced.
But what about the rest of us?
Stop being so selfish anon.
My altcoin is showing a bowl pattern.
I hope it's going pump within this week.
Have a (You) for not buying LINKAnyone else /beancomfy/?
I miss the constant bean memes on /biz/.
Ditto with espers (only on yobit).