Who actually buys this shit colored scheme?
Indians?
4283908Noctua fans are the best product avaliable on the market.
next to stayQuiet brand.
it may be on its own, but you can combine it in a color scheme where it makes sense ... also why do you even care, faggot?
you some kind of socialist?
looking at your computer instead of the monitorfucking ricers
Wrong board faggot, but since you are obviously retarded I will just let you know these are the absolute best fans on the market.
And they do have a black and brown colorway as well if you have your dick so scrunched up in a jumble about it.
I don't understand the hate, the color scheme is quite pleasing
pajeets
when shit hits the fan
Wrong board faggotfuck, sorry thought this was /g/ - I was just harvesting (you)'s, friendo
Anyone that want the best airflow, and can afford them.
That said, I bought the ML140/120's for my case because I'm more worried about bearings emitting high-pitched noise in the future than (air and sound) volume at a speed I'm not going to run them at anyway.It is, but I understand why - it doesn't fit in anywhere.
You can't buy parts that match these fans in colour, so they'll always look mismatched.
Like a sports car on temporary winter wheels.
Nice.
15W shit spreder
4283920can confirm.
I used stock fans my whole life because I'm lazy and cheap, but my last build didn't package one with the CPU like usual so I shelled out for a Noctua.When I turned it on I thought I had missed a wire or something because I heard literally nothing coming from the case.
wtf
Why would you look at your components?
Just buy a windowless case like an actual adult.
I knew this place was all /g/eeks
durrr don't you know colored LEDs and my windowless case get me all the ladies???
t. beta cuck afraid to make noise>not blasting music 24/7>not having jet engine decibels coming from pc case
if you like a vacuum cleaner in your machine
i dont hear anything from my case because my fans [spoiler]are in a different room[/spoiler]
t. virgin cuck afraid to make noise>not making love 24/7>rather has loud jet engine decibels from pc case than saturn v during liftoff decibels from moaning girlfriend