>in Sergey, we trust!
Sergeant reporting in
4k sats up in an instantmy past 2 weeks of pain are completely forgotten
HERE WE GO
NEVER DOUBTED HIM FOR A SECOND
actually watching the price of LinkWhat are you, doubtful or something?
this is it lads
These buywalls are amazing, topkek.If good news comes out, this shit explodes to 10K sats in an instant.
Again, this is the proof.
Smart money laughing at you pathetic idiots at 5.2% gains.Not saying 5.2% gains are bad - they aren't - in fact it's great when you repeat it couple of times per week on a regular basis...But 5.2% gains after 90% drop is kinda lame.You idiots do know basic math, you do realize you need 300% pump to get on SIBOS levels?
You know that, right?
No, we all forgot that CL spiked to 50c for a hot minute on SIBOS day.Thank you for reminding us, you are so great.
SHUT UP AND WATCH
hurr durr everyone here bought at the ATH
I AM READY!!!!!
HahahahYou deluded Linkie faggot.Your shitcoin is imprisoned in Binance, where it received the signature chink KISS OF DEATH and you won't see it go anywhere but sideways.
"J-just wait, nolinkie!
J-just wait till they list us on another exchange"Hahahhaha.
Let me guess?
MercatoxCoin5000?
CuckoinUnlimitedExchange?
Crypto.geocities.xm?Link won't see the liquid and somewhat bot-free markets of Trex - ever.Thank the HARD WORKING (code word for stuttering potheads) pr team from ChainDip.
This.
So much this.
LINKies have the dankest memes
nice try
4250483Hehe he, nothing personnel no linkers
4250483That wall was gone in 5min.Deluded NO-LINKER!
4250527I'm a firm Link advocate, but the Binance situation is bullshit.The fact that this massive wall appeared and disappeared proves it.
it has been bought, look at the volume...the binance meme is boring
>Sold my LINK bags to join on the verge pump>Made money>Didnt know what to do>Bought LinkAY YA YA COCO JAMBO
the binance meme is boringIt's still equally relevant.
all of you fucking naysayer pajeet cucks please find picture related attached
Should i trade my eth for link?
immediatly.
we'll break 4K sats in an hour
Used to have 140k, now only half, but it doesn't matter.
Thank god this fork is cancelled.
yeeeeeeeeEEESSSSSSSSSSso glad I waited to buy the bottom11k link sergeant major shitter reporting in
IT'S HAPPENING!Praise Sergey!
THIS IS OUR TIME LINKIES