raiden solves the token scalability problem.
with raiden, we will have instantaneous, no-cost token transfers.
in the near future, ALL dapps will rely on raiden and it will open the doors to uncharted domains like IoT.
this is literally your chance to own a piece of this protocol.a lot of crybabies complain that this token is not needed, that they should just use ether instead.
well they're just going to have to deal with it, because this is the way the devs have implemented it.
the base layer is free, but all auxiliary services will be paid in raiden tokens.
most users will want these auxiliary services, and nearly all dapps will flock to it for optimal performance.https://medium.com/@raiden_network/the-raiden-network-token-model-9b6ef8d0b64so if you believe in ethereum, you must believe in solution to the scalability problem.
raiden has the best team to solve that and has been working on this for 2+ years.
their initial product is out THIS MONTH.
they have demo'd it at devcon.
they have international appeal, so china and korea are going to go gaga over this unlike the average bumblefuck coin.this is not quite as good as getting in on ETH at 100m marketcap, but it's close.
this is going to be a billion (10x) in the next month for sure.
f
w
e
I'm with you anon.I saw people here who didn't heard about Raiden, fucking baffles me to have such uncultured newfags.If you are new in this and just do your first trade today then go in Binance, sell everything you have and buy this coin.
I’m balls deep too.
Can you shill this on Reddit?
The main reason why people are apprehensive is many feel the token is not needed.
If that can be addressed then this baby is going lunar.
Bullshit token.
EEA fund offered to support development but they did a jewgrab anywayFUCK JEWSits a no from me
Investing in this is like investing in ethereum back when it was cheap, this is a no-brainer.
Also no presale discount so no whales trying to dump.
Dude get over it.
So many butthurt ETH trader fags can’t over this despite shitcoins like Tesoz raising hundreds of millions
I've got 50% of my crypto portfolio in RDN now.
GET IN NOW BEFORE TOO LATE
check that, the secret part of their project https://www.raidex.io/
Tezos is already sinking.On Raiden, off-chain scaling isn't a particularly hard problem to solve.
Nor is this a situation where first mover advantage and network effects can keep your spot in the sun, because we're still in the infancy of dapps.
There will not be any killer dapp for a few years still, which is enough time for competition to come up with their own cheaper or even free scaling solution.
I wasn't going to FOMO and buy this "late" until I saw that this coin is still under 150M market cap.
Guys, Raiden will allow ether to handle as many transactions per second as the biggest payment processors in the world.
THIS IS A KEY component of making crypto mainstream and may actually contribute to the so called flipping.
With Raiden Ether can very well overtake Bitcoin as the king.
Just on this fact allow this coin will go to 200M+ marketcap.
I would get on this train if I was you
It's already too late.
The coin was released yesterday and was pumped +70% since then.
It's sitting at 3x ICO price.
Don't buy bags on this one, it's bound to crash below ICO levels.
And why is that?
It actually has utility in the crypto world so it could go up.People saw value (initially) in OMG and it kept mooning to a billion dollar Marketcap.
Why can’t this be the same?
they raised much less than their hard cap due to ETH fanboy fud, bitcoin fork, and ICO declinethe market cap right now is $87m, barely above their hardcap of $75m.
once people wake the fuck up, this shit is going to MOOON
There will be a correction, which is healthy.
I'd advise anyone looking to get in to buy then.
It will go up and do well long term.
He is obviously fudding to load up on more bags.Link, without so much as one peep from PR, mooned from 50m to 150m with ease.
No way the raiden network (the equivalent of the lighting network on the 29 billion Etherium) is going to just sit quietly at 80m marketcap.
Fuck off.
it will NOT correct because micro-raiden is being launched NEXT MONTHthe same ETH FANBOYS drooling over the raiden team's tech while bashing the token are going to come FLOCKING to buy the token when they realize what moron crybabbies they've been.
Everything corrects Anon
I agree, and the trepidatious side of me says that we are coming out of the correction.