GOD IT'S DUMPING WHAT DOis this just a correction or did the koreans pull the plug
People are fomo buying like crazy it can't sustain that kind of growth.
BItthumb fucking crashed.
>MUH FLIPPENINGSELL NOW FAGGOT IT CANT GET MUCH HIGHER BRO NOT IN ONE FUCKING NIGHT
buy the dip
I've never seen this much money flowing in the markets.
wtf is going on?!
CHYNA
kek
Night in US is day is ASIA fgt
geez, $2500
bch/eth derp
Bitcoin cash on it's own is approaching the 24 hour combined crypto volume record.
Seriiously though what the fucking fuck was that?BRB changing my pants.
Yessssss.
Come to EEEEEEEth
well thats fkn scary>bittrex crashed at the same time that happened wtf
that was unreal i didn't know what tf i was seeing on binance
crisis averted?
btc won?>oh god i need to sleep but don want to
I sold my last .35 btc for ETH ended up paying like 55 dollars in fees cause coinbase is gay
ITS DUMPING OH FUCK
>went up 43% in an hourwhat did you expect to happen after that
The Korean exchange that drove most of the volume went down.
You can see that there is no more data being read out here:https://cryptowat.ch/bithumb/bchkrwPrices went parabolic for a little on Western exchanges before dumping.
WTF DO I DO?
DO I SELL NOW?
HEL-
this kills the bch
lol Bittrex has been shitting itself too.
dumbfucks dont know how to read a chart.
MA just crossed which is a very bearish sign
>loses 20% of its value in the span of 3 minutesThis is going to end in suicides I can see it now
I honestly cannot see anyone hold BCH for long term.
This is a dumpster fire right now.
Instead of reacting like you did when you bought BCH, maybe you could sell BCH now and buy BTC low.
Maybe recoup some of your losses you stupid shitter.
THEY ARE DUMPING$1500:((((((((
OH MY GOD
Oh shit, this is an avalanche.
The biggest pump and dump in the history of pump and dumps.
l m a o
it with through a 400btc wall in less than a second.
Im so glad i didnt get into this late.
This has got to be the biggest pump and dump in crypto history
Ok guys, be honest, who bought at 2.7k?
CRAWLING IN MY SKIN
and NOBODY SAW IT COMING
put half of my portfolio into bch day earlier>wake up because dog started freaking out>decide to check markets since im awakeThat sly fucker made me almost 1k$
AHHHHHHHHHHHHGHGHGHGHAHAHAHHAHHAHAHHAHAH HOLY SHIT 50% DOWN IN FIVE MINUTES NIGGA JUST BLEW OUT DA CANDLE AHHHHHHHHAHAHAHASeriously there are people that just lost 50% of their net worth in five minutes and I just watched it live.
Today fucking ruled.
Someone bought 5,000 BTC worth at $2750.
I hope his method of an hero is painless.
Honestly you fucking retards posting graphs from sites with /3 the trade volume.Koreans are trading on Bithumb, price has basically peaked.
While on Bitfinex it's dropping, the two exchanges aren't following each other.
>Bithumb goes down>all other markets drop in panic sale as there is no volume leader to follow.Guess the btc whales finally responded and ddos'd jihan to oblivion.
anyone else not able to trade bch on polo?
Ah is it down?
That makes sense.
Just strange that I was still seeing candles on cryptowatch...
Can't do shit on Polo right now.
As usual when its most crucial to make a trade.
JUST
What are they putting their dump into??
Doesn't seem to be BTC... still staying around 6k... what's going to moon now?
I don't want to lose this adrenaline rush
Quick someone tell me what this means?
REKT
vert
sold>on coinbase
TOPKEK
I had BCH in binance.
Have 6 ETH on coinbase now will probably transfer
All exchanges are broken from that flash dump.
Binance, bittrex, and coinbase not responding.Sent 300 of ETH from CB to binance 15 mins ago...still no confirmation
Well lads I could've done better but turned .65 btc into .91 btc.
Hopefully btc 8k soon
> Sold before the complete dump