https://www.coindesk.com/american-express-opens-first-blockchain-corridor-ripple-tech/
why isnt it mooning?
Because swell was a fucking disaster with a pump and dump that proved the coin worthless Also, link is gonna rape it hard in 2 months
news was released like a minute ago
Patience.
Might as well have no effect on price til end of the year.
Fuck this is nice, holding since .18
Ripple TECH not xrp.
Xrps are useless
We‘ll see, anon.
Doubt it .
why is it mooning then?
mooning>up 50 sat since news
More than 1 cent in 20 mins%>not mooningstay poor
Oh how much I love you for bringing this to my attention
starting to moon but not even close to the size of this announcmentwhat are your prices expectations?
Glad to help.
I don't understand why you retards just don't buy fucking XRP, this is (((their))) coin, you can't fucking meme it away
This feels good man, thanks
Can someone correct / critique my thought process on this here?1.
Ripple tech / payment corridors would require a token.2.
Banks could create there own internal tokens.3.
You have to once again reconcile the difference in multiple tokens (currency) exchanging.4.
XRP as a standard avoids those issues?
This is one of the most beautiful green dildos I have ever seen
just dont forget that XRP has one of the biggest market caps so ths means whales got a lot to dump on our assdont be greedywhen are we selling?
we will win so much ripplebros, were gonna get tired of winning
When a bank decides to use the ripple tech for instance for cross border payments they safe alone 30% of costs compared to former transactions.
When adding xrp usage, banks save additional 30%.What would you do?
I'm still tired of eternal 0.20$ so that's quite a good change lolis 0.5$ realistic?
Banks don't usually create their own anything
>While that project is advancing and is able to transact in nine seconds or less, according to Treacher, it is for now — like the American Express project — restricted to what he calls a "pure" blockchain that doesn't require a cryptocurrency.> that doesn't require a cryptocurrency.
It is It just went up to $.24
ARE YOU READY FOR THE RIPPENING?
what the hell its going downnoooooooooooooo
This is gonna go 1.6x at the very least, news is comparable to Stellar IBM news if not bigger.
Oh i agree they would use XRP... just trying to play devils advocate (it's 75% of my portfolio)lel
selling at 100k sats
except its got a much bigger market cap so whales have tons of it to dump
LMAO.
Another fools are about to get rekt by XRP.Sell the news or prepare for some heavy bagholding.
Do you genuinely think (((banks))) wouldn't want control over their own token?
I CANT SELL BITTREX IS FROZENWTF
They would buy why would another bank bother learning about their coin?If they use ripple they both benefit without sinking a lot of investment on development
Mrw I saw that green candle
THEY ARE NOT ONE BANK
Doubt it to reach 0,5$Too many bagholders that are weak handed.Real rise in price will appaear by Q12018
WHY WE GOING DOWN FUCKKK
all those sell orders and its holding strong lul
oh man.
i hope you guys realize how actually big this news is.fucking waiting for confirmations on btc so i can buy.fuuck me.
since Bithumb got the largest volume I guess their movement is what is dictating the pace here, right?
Mf amexbro.
I think we're easily going back to high 4k sats boyos
Swell was fine.
About what I'd expect from a startup.
Or are you just talking about price movement?
>LINKThey're not even competitors.
You're an idiot.
>my face when Teeka was right and he got insider infoI WILL NEVER DOUBT YOU AGAIN MR TEEKA
What did he say?
trips praise kekteeka was right fuck me
But ripple IS the SWIFT competitor
once we break 300 KRW its fucking mooning HARDkoreans own this shit
I used all my BTC and XRP to leverage a XRP long right at the beginning of this pump, I'm shaking guys
yfw only 3 weeks on crypto but did not invested and could have 40x money if wasn't poor
300 KRW here we go
godspeed anon
Congrats if true
BITCOIN WILL BE REPLACED BY XRP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
XRP is Ripple tech.
Don't be retarded.
It's what will allow banks to transfer large amounts of value overseas in a matter of seconds.
It's literally impossible to do it that quickly without XRP.
Pretty sad how many kids here have no idea what they're talking about.>Bank A wants to send $100k to Bank B>Bank A uses RippleNet to convert $100k to XRP, thereby now owning $100k worth of XRP>Sends $100k worth of XRP to to Bank B in a matter of seconds>Bank B converts the $100k worth of XRP to USD or whatever currency they wantIt is impossible to do it this quickly without XRP.
It is at the core of their technology.
Nothing is faster than XRP.It's amazing how many retards there are on this board, trying to compare it to LINK.
LINK doesn't even do the same thing.
going down, it couldnt break 300 KRW
fomoing hard
LINK and XRP don't do the same thing.
see
What the fuck is happening?
huge sell walls390 btc sell wall at 4000
1$ end of the year.
Aware of this, but the swift partnership is at the core of the shilling
lmao oops.
coulda got in early.
sorry anon.
that will hurt those who're buying news
guys im afraid
I BOUGHT THE TOPAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
All those fucking whale orders
TAKE DOWN THESE SELL WALLS YOU FUCKERSI DARE YOU, I DOUBLE DARE YOU
4393854Why the fuck are you idiots thinking about your potential net on a purchase made today?
Fucking retards.
Flood the gates, fellas.
WHY DOES IT TAKE DEPOSITS SO LONG TO SHOW ON POLOREEEEEEEEEE
fucking missed the moon mission.
it has to correct or should i just get on
$0.50 today
no way man400 BTC sell walls are too much
Fomo bought 3btc at the top
GET IN PARNERTSHIP WITH BANKS CONFIRMED
>a worldwide bank openly utilizing blockchainholy shit2018 is going to be amazing guys
I WILL NOT POST A PINK WOJAK I WILL NOT POST A PINK WOJAK I WILL NOT POST A PINK WOJAK I WILL NOT POST A PINK WOJAK
https://www.cnbc.com/2017/11/16/american-express-santander-team-up-with-ripple-on-blockchain-platform.html
Jump on the rocket guys we mooning!Its not too late.
another push at 300 KRWcan we do it this time?
AAAAAAAAAAAAA THIS IS MADNESSS
EAT THAT WALL EAT THAT WALL
/biz/ is pure speculative shitcoin trading... they call the 3rd largest token with perhaps be the most credible use case "cripple" for gods sake.
guys the real test here is the 300 KRW on Bitthumbforget about Bittrext and other exchanges focus on the largest volumeALSO WE JUST BREACHED 303 KRW
HOLY SHIT FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK
goddam it i missed ripple.
bought zrx instead
4000 sat soon !!!
Cya!
wall getting HUGE on Bittrex kek
>think about buying some ripple since it is staying green(0.3%) while btc is pumping>decide against it>suddenly moonsfuck me
Can't cripple the ripple!
Took the ride made some cash and sold out already.
Hope it doesn't moon much more wasnt taking any chances
COME ON WE CAN DO IT
it aint done mooning son.American fucking Express officially opening a crypto sector with fucking ripplehodl on tight sons
i'm up 18000 DOLLARS ALREADYTHIS IS MADNESS
we are stuck at 305
Come on come oooon
Imagine when LINK unveils the network and announces SWIFT partnertships./biz/ will go nuts.
WHAT THE FUCK DEAR FUCKING GOD WAHT THE FUCK
Fuck!
We're out of rocket fuel!
SELL SELL SELL!
Yeah I'm in at 44 price for around 500xrp on binanceLet's hope It doesn't crash back down when I'm sleeping.
pulling out now
you are not passing 4k rofl to anyone who bought at 3700 lmaoooo
500xrpwow, it's fucking nothing
this train has no brakes HODLAmerican FUCKING expressthe news isn't even that oldpeople still have YET to FOMO
Why the fuck is Binance at like 6500 sats lol
good catch, so many faggots who don't understand Ripple IS NOT XRP
It's crashing anon get out now into Digibyte!
why is bittrex lagging today?
fucking shit stain of an exchange.
Holy fuck I did it, I called the top, I just made $3000
FUCK ITS CRASHINGNO STOP STOP STOP
why do u fags jump in when its a green candle jump in when its red
HOOOOOOLD
bithumb crash...
Anyone else sell the peak and just buy back at 3400?
I did profited 300 ripple !
Congrats bro, same here, closed my margin long at 3800sats and my normal position at 28 cents, both on polo, we were always a bit lower than bittrex.
This must have been one of the best trades I ever made
did Bitthumb just crash?stuck on 305 for more than 10 minutes now
Going forward, however, Treacher expects that other banks will increasingly follow in the footsteps of financial services firm Cuallix, which last month became the first Ripple partner to convert cross-border fund transfers into the blockchain's native XRP token.This is what we understood
whats a target on this?
.00004?
Buy high sell low
Because it's bloated market cap keeps it from growing and every single time it "pumps" people realize this and dump their bags bringing it back down to the twenty cent range or lower.
fucking hell, first time I'm caught in the FOMO, I lost 300 usd.
I'm fucking retarded, I promised myself to not fell for retardation, but I failed.
congrats to all the new bag holders jumping on board today.
Xrp is a joke lol biilions of coins available and all investerors have been bag holding for months.
No moon only purgatory friendo
lol you people never learn>news happens>ripple pumps by 10-20% then drops like a bitchKorean banks partnership is needed if you want to see some real gains.
GOD I HATE U FUCKING NIGGERSI WILL NEVER CHASE A PUMP AGAINMOTHERFUCKERRRRRRRRRRRSSS
OH MY GOD JUST LOST 200 BUCKS FUUUUCCCCKKKKKK
i made 0.0008BTC off of thiswhat are some good investments that'll make me rich
News is 1 hour old, this pump aint done.
This is the first shake out.Breath in and cash out @ 0.00005 BTC
I just sold, will wait until Bithumb goes back online then I buy in
>daytrading xrputterly retarded and you all deserve to lose all your money
There will be a second wave to ~3800 and then it'll drop down for good.
Its gonna finish -ve.
screencap this.
The Ripplelution will not be televised.
-ve?
I’ve been bagholding xrp for so fucking long ,please release me
Mfw I remember when ripple was $0.45 last january and i didnt sell.
This.
Either you look for a nice entry point and have the patience to HOLD or you let it be.If you wanna daytrade, you shouldn’t do it with xrp.XRP will see a big rise in value over the next twelve months.
If you can sustain the waiting, the ups and downs-fine.
If not, stay the fuck out.
Go up retarded fidget spinner
I went up 120% on Binance but despite receiving my transaction the exchange hasn't credited my wallet and I missed the opportunity to sell.AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHolding this shit for two months for this moment!
/biz/ have some patience, this aint done yet.
FUCKING PSYCHOPATH OPWHY THE FUCK DID YOU MAKE THIS THREAD U FUCKING NIGGER?!?
!NOW I'M LOSING SO MUCH MONEYFUCKING BURN IN HELL U PIECE OF SHIT
how much did you lose faggot
this.this news is huge and it came out of seemingly nowhere.
People buying the dip.
Get ready for round 2
>tfw made +30% by trading xrp during the pump>tfw lost -30% by trading xrp during the pumpthanks for nothing /biz/
basted
i'll take things that didn't happen for 500
 dollars if i sold now
Is there another round?
hehehe I learned your mistake losing only 130 dollars long time ago.
Hard lesson
Did Binance manipulate the price up.
New supplies aren't being transferred to wallets and XRP is currently priced 30% higher on Binance than other exchanges.
relax and wait a bit before you sell.people are still catching the news.at least break even
did chinese manipulateanswer is always yes
who else /ironhands here?
Bought at 0.00071995Sold at 0.00112228 This is what it feels like to be in the green
I'm confident it'll hit at least 8.5K sats in the next weeks / months.
It's been trading at a huge discount for a while
at current btc rate that will be $0.6326244000you dumb asshole, you think it will be 50% higher than it's ATH?
Ripple trades in $, not sats.
Someone just bought 83K
Price going up on Bithumb 285 KRWexpect price to follow on the other exchanges, keep an eye on Binance
this.
I can't fucking open the binance page, anyone with the same problem?
Faggots, Pajeets abd Niggars join the train or stay poor for the rest of your life
chinks servers
Come on go to 300 KRW you fucker
meanwhile link has partnered up with a toilet
another one just bough 50KK
Who got REKT by that 4000 Sat whale on Bittrex?
Can't wait for all the crying /biz/tard posts who bought the tip of the pump
LINK IS FUCKING DONE HAHAHAHAHAHA HOW DOIES IT FEEL TO BE DUMPED ON?
LINK IS WORTH LESS THAN 0.000001 cent.
IM RIPPLE RICK
I'm talking against BTC, not USD.
Looks like you don't understand how markets work at current btc rate that will be $0.6326244000Not correlated, it can reach 8.5K sats easily and not go past $0.35.
That would imply that BTC will correct its price or the overall Crypto  market cap will increase in the same period of time
I want to thank the candle-chaser who bought everything of mine at 3999 on Trex.
Isn't Ripple centralized?
Couldn't they just make more of it whenever they want?
How is this not the same as Paypal USD?
>Started day trading with the little shifts since it's solid as fuck>Soon as I sell, news comes out and it starts to riseJesus fucking christ just my luck.
literally sold this last week at 19 cents lulzanyway this shit will soon come down below 20 again
I'm eating corn flakes watching this, just waiting for the shitshow
Started day trading with the little shifts since it's solid as fuckWas doing the same with some coins, made slow but consistent gains these last 3 days, and I just lost everything I made by chasing a retarded pump.
fuck me.
there are no fundamentals in crypto, only hype.there's also a 1bn escrow of XRP relesaed every month but shhhh....
lel
dump is starting
They are locking up 55B in escrow, idiot!
Goes to show you don't know SHIT about crypto.https://ripple.com/insights/ripple-to-place-55-billion-xrp-in-escrow-to-ensure-certainty-into-total-xrp-supply/
lmfao already dumping.. nice pump
guys I failed this am.fomoed at 47k on binance, then panic sold at 4150. wtf
It's like a bad fucking joke.
Ripple has barely shifted 2 cents at a time for fucking ages.
I decide to try and do a little day trading and it starts to rise.
Fuck me.
https://ripple.com/insights/ripple-to-place-55-billion-xrp-in-escrow-to-ensure-certainty-into-total-xrp-supply/
pretty much the same here.
that hurt.thought that monsterous kind of news would do more.oh well.
whatever fuck it.
too many bag holders in ripple to begin with.
I did this with bitcoin cash bro... held for a month took out at 350 then watched it climb.
Rip 4kx8.8
This will never be as cheap as it is right now in dip after green dildo.
Now is time to to decisions.
38 billion coins in circulation.
60 billion coins waiting to hit the exchange.Do you guys even math.This is just another scamcoin.
can't they fucking date the shit thought?
i thought this happened already.
anyway i don't hold xrp for now so i'm good.might look into shit and buy some before end of year, as it seems the ecrow will happen then
Remember that it's roughly 11pm SEA at the moment.
Watch for another 8 hours time
not all the coins are circulating tho, so locking up that ammount will have little impact on price, unlike the 1bn released every month thereafteror maybe i'm looking at this the wrong way, i'm not informed enough to make calls
shit coin cant even last pump waves
like throwin a rock in a pond.
but the pond is poo.the poo splashed up in the air a bit.
however there were no enduring waves.
just a slight ripple in the poo.
I'LL NEVER CHASE A FUCKING PUMP AGAIN I'LL NEVER CHASE A FUCKING PUMP AGAIN I'LL NEVER CHASE A FUCKING PUMP AGAIN I'LL NEVER CHASE A FUCKING PUMP AGAIN I'LL NEVER CHASE A FUCKING PUMP AGAIN I'LL NEVER CHASE A FUCKING PUMP AGAIN I'LL NEVER CHASE A FUCKING PUMP AGAIN I'LL NEVER CHASE A FUCKING PUMP AGAIN I'LL NEVER CHASE A FUCKING PUMP AGAIN I'LL NEVER CHASE A FUCKING PUMP AGAIN I'LL NEVER CHASE A FUCKING PUMP AGAIN I'LL NEVER CHASE A FUCKING PUMP AGAIN I'LL NEVER CHASE A FUCKING PUMP AGAIN
Dudeee you really need to stop doing whatever you are smoking
Do yourselves a favor and look at XRP right now, then look at XRP on April 3rd, then look at XRP beginning of May.This is just the very begging of a 3 month bull run on XRP
lol.
i lost $20 how much did you lose bro
.5 if i sold now
check the buy orders
is this shit dead or what
The news isnt even out yet, it will takes a couple days to do the full rounds.
For now, it's 11:00pm in Asia.
Just fucking chill you impatient twats
second wave incoming?
jesus christ you should of sold like 10 minutes ago wtf are you doing dudevery much so and its still got a bit more to go.
( down )
prince increasing on Bithumb again 275 KRW
I feel you bro just try to buy few before its too late
The real pump is beginning
Check buying orders on Bittrex
You should aways look for the exchange with the highest volume, the others are irrelevant since they will only follow
Just wait guys yesterday 15billion fresh money came in to BTC, Ripple is much much much better option for real people in the broker business , Ripple going to moon so hard in 2018 you got no idea 10 billion marketcaps will look like farts
I do trade at Bithumb ;)
Bags: The Coin
:) buy back now guys i'm sure it will pump again :)
The bag holder shilling begins
falling for the shake-down
wow cheap XRPmmmso good im buying more right now
this is the bottom guys.
"The XRP currency will come into play later on in the evolutionary dynamics and the other players," Marcus Treacher, global head of strategic accounts at Ripple, told CNBC in an interview.
I'll just leave this here
I want to breed this drawn woman.
t-thats me (｡>﹏<｡)
I know you are some fat guy in his basement, but the way you responded only stroke my lust all the more.
what if i actually was akeno, w-what then?
babies in 17 years.
It will hit 10 dollars eventually