>How are those bitcoin investments you were telling me about a couple months ago, Anon?>I heard you're the big investor of the family now>I saw Bitcoin was doing really well on the news recently.
You've must have made a lot of money, right?
Heh yeah, pretty neat stuff...>Idk how high it'll go.
It will definitely correct at some point though, so I'm just mentally preparing for that.>I do think it will go much higher though in a few years.>Yeah I haven't invest all my money in it haha
I saw the price of bitcoin went up more than 100% in the last 2 months.
Have you really doubled your money since then?>yeah definitely haha
I wont discuss my financial assets at this moment, I will say Im going great and you should've invested in crypto not the stock market jew.
me?
how many?
ugh... heh, you know, I have around 0.82 bitcoins.
I didn't want to go all in because I want to wait until the massive upcoming correction before I really start buying, you know?>there's this one called neo that looks interesting.
it's been struggling so I think I'll buy low and then sell high
implying I would tell family or friends about any of my financial matters
 it's going great!> look at all these numbers on my blockfolio
>I heard you had over 100btc a few months ago.
you must have made a lot since then>y-yeahh i-its doing great haha>j-just slowly increasing my btc count>can you show me how much you have>u-uhh... no... bitcoin going through fork so it's weird at the moment>tfw have only 30btc left
One sec, lemme go get my blockfolio app from my room...
How?
If you had 100 BTC how did you fucking lose 70. t. Man that had.24 BTC and now has .013
alts are hell of a drug anon.
Most alts from August lost 90% from its peak
im almost breaking back to the money i started with.
then i shall begin to make profit.
this shit is like blackjack, win and lose but overall its how much you start with is how its going to play out.
FORTY KEKSthis is comedy
Yeah but I, uh, invested in, um... Chainlink.
It, uh, didn't do so well --yet!
It just hasn't, uh, caught on yet.
telling your family about your bitcoin holdings unless they're already of the age and type to know about it>price triples: silence>price goes down 15% and cnn runs news headlines about the crash: oh anon, I heard bitcoin crashed recently... how are you doing >yeah I uh... see when bitcoin goes up actually a lot of times I lose money... see I'm in mostly bitcoin-like instruments of various sorts that are similar to bitcoin and priced in it but often have inverse performance...>family member's face grows with confusion, sadness, and regret
lmaoooooo
Seriously why the fuck would you even tell your family about this?
Just tell them bitcoin hasn't really gone up.
I told all my friends that I made 1.8MM in crypto over 8 months and I think they secretly hate me now.and I actually don't care at all.
Money allows you to rise above pettiness.
MMMillion... million?
I fell for the alt jew too
my dad and i boisterously discuss crypto happenings and investment tips while the rest of the family eat silently, exchanging awkward glances and smiles with each other.
( ´∀｀)bWe develop and release a signal indicator for FOREX.Please search 「EA development factory of SuperJunior」http://aqwsed123.blog.jp/
why is this so funny