BCH went alright, but now its time for the main eventBTG .5 tonight
The real flippening is upon us
WTFThe Goldenning !
jesus christ these confirmation times are horrendous.
once i dump these bags IM OUT OF BTG FOR GOOD.holy mother of fuck
hurry up fags
 conf left and I'm selling this shitcoin on bittrex.Just bought the same amount @ 0.025 on Hitbtc, I hope they'll deliver the withdraw
good the whales will eat them
Tried to create new account for Hitbtc, doesn't recognise credentials, good shit.
At least I tried to get in on the Hitbtc > bittrex thing.Anyone got an account I can use?
you think you doing well, until you go to sell and realise the gains are much less than you thought.
If everything go smooth, I just made $4k in 2hNot that bad
BASTARDS FUCKING HITBTC SCAMMERS REEEEEEE.
Never use this shitty site!!!!!!!
!They turned off withdrawals very soon after bittrex listing so we can't move our coins out.FUckin shitty (((exchange))) arrogantly stealing our profits.
congrats,but i sold an hour ago and the sell price was 50 dollars less than the buy.
such a difference.
you are missing out on money fags
I wish them all die from testicular cancer.for stealing our profits.
And if they don't have testicles.
I wish them grow nuts and get cancer immediately.
Don't be mad, maybe it will be twice the price when the transfer goes troughAnd if you want to do arbitrage, just buy and sell at the same time, no transfer in between or you'll get burned
thats robbery.
class action against them.
now they are banning people from chat left and right.
i can't even tell them how fucking i hate them (until i withdraw eventually everything out of that filthy hooknosed crappy fucking stealing profits exchange)
dumped mine at 0.03pretty mad about itI simply cannot understand why this absolute gutter trash would pump like this
Its just stuck.
And btg bullrun is over.only delusional fucks think it will hit 0.7 again
dont be mad, you still have time to get in
I already sold my stack at 0.59It's like I'm stealing money from the mentally retarded
Shitcoin pump and dump.
Thats all.
Nothing more.You are lucky actually my btg stuck on scammy exchange.
I will probably will never have ability to sell it even at 0.025
this, its going up very quickly.
just dont wait till its about to dump tomorrow night.
I can't!!!!!
All my btg is stuck on hitbtc for 5 hours already.
Birty scammers probably selling our coins back and forward while we are staring at error screen.
exactly this but right now is the bottom.
It fantastic.
Just sell at .09 or even .08 if you get nervous.
so you think it will continue to grow?
I FUCKING CAN'T WITHDRAW MY FUCKING COINS.Hitbtc = scammers
oh ye of little faith.5 tonight ladiesor you can go chase your PBC gainz lololz
Sold @ 0.049I'm a weak hand but I made +100% profit
Sold at 0.04...
Extremely dangerous, even when it's pumping actually
HitBTC took a hitWhat a bunch of fags
4477610i'm so fucking jealous for you guys.this bastards are not letting us to get our coins to sell them.
Once people get their coins onto bittrex, watch the price fucking plummet
they took a hit for 5 hours straight.i'm sure they just selling our coins on bittrex for profits and buying back them on own exchange.
Hitbtc has no reason to let you guys withdrawal your btg....they want to keep the volume on their exchange.
Enjoy your stay.
cause trading works.... only withdraws and deposits got stuck.
>not keeping your BTC in cold storage
they are just arrogant bastards.typical ((()))
he thinks he owns coins in an exchange walletWhat's the problem?
Can't you just import your keys?
Oh....
If i (((owned))) an exchange I would pull the same jewish trick too
import to web wallet that steals people btc ?or to "phone" wallets that i have no trust too and that can't give normal regular pass-key?or to fucking full node that requires 160gb of useless data to sync ?
trying to deposit my BTG to bittrex.
still at 0/10 confirmations.
this is gonna take 24+ hours isn't it
what the fuck guys.
how high is this seriously gonna go
Took 2 hours here, worth every penny
possibly.
but the price is skyrocketing at the moment.
bought in at 375 enjoying this so far
.5 i told you fag
get software that creates a pub and priv key set>use a live OS and this software to create keys>store them somewhereNot hard really.
Use oss so you can verify there's nothing malicious.I started using shapeshift when my holdings got bigger.
Takes longer, but I keep control of coins for the maximum amount of time.
tfw bought in at .031
Oh yes.
Go go go.not moving your BTC to a new wallet first>trusting HitBtc, but not Coinomi
Now they always gonna say Congratulations
get software that creates a pub and priv key set>>use a live OS and this software to create keys>>store them somewhereand how to send coins ?
import into full node ?
TETHER HACKED!this moon is about to head to alpha centauri.
get the fuck in right now or lose out on a literal once in a lifetime chance lol.THIS IS INSANE!
I tired shapeshift but they don't support BTG yetThis Eric Voorhees scammer will smell the money and support it soon though
not moving your BTC to a new wallet firstLuckily I was not one of that dudes who imported keys to that site.But I asked about that site several times.Was called paranoid.
Cause its "officially endorsed wallet generator".
THIS IS THE NEXT MOON MISSION.
DONT MISS IT.
RIGHT!?!?
!HOLY SHIT THIS IS THE FUCKING GOLDEN AGE!THE PERFECT STORM FOR BTG.
LOL I CANT BELIEVE WE ARE REALLY ABOUT TO GET RICH
Seriously.
hope you bought the dip, fagsnext stop: uranus
>tfw bought at .008 and sold at .04>tfw this was in the span of 3 hours

4478210Mhmm
Alright boys it's over.
Get out while you can with your easy gains
What the fuck is going on with BTG over on Binance.
Is this exchange just too low volume.
yea sell it for cheapI'll buy it $.$
.05 or .5 LOL
If this is the GPU mineable BTC then this is the TRUE SATOSHI VISION
>bought in at .05how fucked am i
Meh, I'm not impressed.
ExtremelyWhy are you so dumb
I did move to bittrex for the snapshot, I trust them insofar as that I trust them to deliver forked coins.
You bet I moved my btc off there immediately after dumping, though.