lmao where did all the gloating corecucks from yesterday go?Hope you bought the dip fagerinos, because we're about to go parabolic.
Once the news about China banning Bitcoin mining goes official, it's all over.
BCH and NEO will win.
This time we show no mercy, target price $3500 Cashies get the fuck in here we're just getting started
thanks for the heads up trash bag holder, just the pump and dump I need for my BTC lambo's new tires
>lose 50% from ATH>goes up $50>cashies post victory threads while sill hard in the redCongrats on this.
Seriously.
hahahahahahahahahait's so funny that no one here seems to understand sarcasm
>bitcoin dips>bitcoin cash pumps>bitcoin pumps>bitcoin cash dipsMargins are 0.11x - 0.15x
I thought cashies were being sarcastic at first as well.
The truth is much more depressing and deluded.
These people are 100% serious.
lose 50% from ATHlmao this is such a weak, bullshit argument, BCH is sitting comfortably at 4 times it's price at the beginning of October right now.Massive pumps are always followed by retracement, the exact same scenario has happened for BTC and ETH countless times.
The important thing is that BCH has found a new baseline and is rising fast.Buy now or FOMO in a few hours, your call corecuck.
Massive pumps are always followed by retracement, the exact same scenario has happened for BTC and ETH countless times.
The important thing is that BCH has found a new baseline and is rising fast.This is the face of a cult member....
Waited until .12 to buy in.
Good flip this weekend
Not to mention that with this recent increase if you had bought the dip last night all in you would of made more proceeds than what BTC could produce even with breaking its ATH
seriously,think for a minute hereinstitutional money is coming into BTC for the first time in historyBTC has at least another 100 BILLION in market cap over BCH and you expect this retard to replace BTCget rektd brofocus on trading the swings and grow your stack.
don't get political over crypto
i'll buy it at $700
No, I made an objective statement about reality.
If you see something incorrect in my post please point it out.I'm not emotionally invested in BCH in any way, I just know it's going to make me a lot of money, and I fucking love watching bitcoin maximalists squirm.
Your shitcoin is never going to be worth 100k faggots.
Fake news :(
yea and they'll leave once they see what a piece of shit btc is.
how easily it can get cucked by bitcoin cash homo
Crypto noobs about to get rekt yet again by another “flippening”
look at the chart and volume yourself
You guys keep trying but all the air has been sucked up by the NEO hype.
Maybe next time, tho.
Don't be sad.
Yeah lol institutional money is gonna be all over BTC when they see that BCH can wipe 30% off it's price in a single night of pumping, simultaneously rendering the network utterly unusable.To be clear I don't think institutional money will be going near BCH either, If they invest in anything long term, it will be ETH.
$666 is a sure buy
Shut up nigger most of us are just trying to get some $ no one cares about muh flippening.
If they invest in anything long term, it will be ETH.Too much of a PR nightmare right now because Vitalik's too autistic to keep unpopular facts to himself.
I don't think so, bch has much more 24h volume than neo on coinmarketcap
You fucking dumb kids don't understand futures trading.
This allows big money to manipulate the shit out of BTC price to THEIR advantage.It won't take long for their to be a 100:1 ratio of paper coins to real coins.It's game over.
Futures trading allows (((them))) to kill BTC
Yeah, let me know animegirl!
this
i get it now, i see the pattern.
im going to be rich bye
Bitcoin Cash "The Best'FULLY AGREE!!
"Bitcoin cash is the bitcoin I worked on back in 2010" - Gavin Andresen the lead developer of bitcoin core that Satoshi Nakamoto gave all the reigns of Bitcoin to before he disappeared.
The "Institutional Money" is pretty much the last resort hope that BTC bitcoin has.
It fails and loses every other argument, blockstream sucks, BCH is more profitable to mine, BCH has a more active and vibrant community, BCH right now is much better to buy than BTC.BCH is 3 months old, it surpassed Ethereum in that time.
Think of what happens when exchanges start implementing BCH trading pairs.
bch has a more active and vibrant community
wtf i love china now
I just transferred my BTC to Bittrex, inb4 10 hour transaction time.
Check out r/bitcoincompare to r/btc (the BCH sub because people were banned and censored from r/bitcoin from simply MENTIONING bch)Go see the projects, the optimism, the positivity, etc, coming with BCH.
The only thing with BTC is "MUH PRICES"
I saw this exact thing today.
r bitcoin can only brag about price because there is 0 functionality, nothing on the horizon
Delusion is buying a shitcoin for 8k a pop and then holding it believing you're storing value.
le reddit is the whole communitygo back there then kill yourself