I've been having trouble making my bills lately although I have next to no debt and a good, decent paying job.
I've been asking for advance pay at work for almost every paycheck.
My boss recently confronted me about it and is concerned I may be a vulnerable adult.
Backstory: I suffered a head injury in a car accident a year ago.
I'm perfectly fine now, or so I thought.
I mow the lawn and do snow removal for my neighbor.
We've had an arrangement since before the accident.
This summer, he came over because he was confused about the bill but I didn't understand why and he couldn't explain it to me in a way I understand.
At some point, I got the idea that I'm supposed to pay him when I mow his lawn or shovel the snow.
I also sell things on eBay but I get confused and pay the buyer.I've been doing this for a while now.
I'm not sure whether I'm supposed to pay or receive money and now people's comments on my eBay make a let of sense.
It's like I think every transaction I'm supposed to pay.
I don't know if I'm making sense here.
Just writing it is confusing.
I think I'm a vulnerable adult but I have no family.
What am i supposed to do?
That sounds like something severe enough where you should get gibs from the government and also see a professional.
get a credit card.
If you have no debt and a job, then you should have no problem getting a shitty one
Try to contact someone that can help you AS SOON AS POSSIBLE anon!
You'll be better off in the future , i promise.
:)
visit a doctor immediately
Can I get you to send 1 BTC to me for making this thread?
cool storydon't see why someone who can recognize their own problem even bother posting here
get bitcoin from this adress 1J3za7VuWYropdEyfDKfEc8Z4dtrWHtwFu
I'm looking for who I call or what I do.
It looks like when I got confused on eBay, a couple people started buying all my items because I'd pay them instead of the other way around.
I don't have family so who can I trust to contol my money?
Dude...The degenerate fucks on this board can't help you with this shit.
Call up your doctor and tell him what you wrote here and let a professional handle it.
Can you paste some of the comments?
I'd prefer not.
lmfao you actually believe this shit?
C'mon it will be fun!
Not really, but by the off chance that OP literally went full retard I might as well.
Seriously get off the fucking internet before someone finds a way to take you for a ride.Goto a doctor, if you can't do that ask your boss if he knows someone who can help you.Seriously don't take any advice from here, seek a professional who can be held accountable if they take advantage of you.
Ive spent over $3000 on one person on eBay.
That doesn't include the value of the items he won that i shipped to him.
Want to sell me something?
>buy high sell low
 I'm not giving out my eBay.
I'll talk to people individually over email but that's as personal as ill go inn here.
How do you plan on scamming those who will try to scam you?
Cause that's what this thread is about right?
Yep.
Because you literally cannot pay a buyer as a seller on Ebay, unless you're cancelling an order and refunding.
OP is definitely not making sense, but its because he's a liar and not a "vulnerable adult."
The pic he chose is definitely related.
Posting again because I'm betting this is ultimately a check scam.
Know your scams, people.
http://www.fraud.org/fake_check_scams