what can we do against the imminent crash of cryptos thanks to tether ?
explain.
Why should crypto crash because of tether.
Let alone the Fear, uncertainty, despair cycle, which imo has always been a glorious way to accumulate
>muh tether
there is good reason to believe bitcoins price rise in the last year was possible because of tether.
I dont know when all this bullshit will stop.
but when it does expect suicides because the price will crash.
fuck off nsa!!!
I don't understand why you'd blame the NSA.Maybe the fed sure they have a reason to sink crypto, but the NSA doesn't give a fuck.I cashed out.
I'm sure the price will rise until somebody goes hey wait I tried to withdraw and I'm not getting any coin.
will do the same in the next days.
its sad to see how greedy and blind this community is
So we just look at another exchange biting the dust gox '13 style, and some gambler doing an hero because not understanding that an exchange isn't a bank, and that you shouldn't take a second mortgage to buy funny internet money.
But well, the fundamentals behind crypto haven't changed, and the worst crash we might see is somewhere between 2000 and 3000, and I doubt even that.
So SELL SELL SELL me your cheap coins
There's not even $1 billion in Tether, that's less than 0.5% of the whole market capitalization - it would cause a lot of distrust and uncertainty, but how would it severely affect Bitcoin, or Ethereum in general?
u dont know how market caps work
infinite money, this is blrilliant
yeah, i see.
so tether is basically promising to have $650MM backed in their bank accounts and if it turns out, that they actually don't, people would tend to panic sell in order to get something that is actually worth something and not just printed out of thin air, hence prices would crash, because there aren't that high volume bids with the current prices and market cap is only an indicator on the last traded price.
correct me for flaws in my thinking
The price as flown up drastically, so I shouldn't be surprised that weak hands are convinced that bear markets won't happen and are ok with the fact that Tether isn't even explaining how this hack happened, or what it's doing about it other than "don't worry guys we froze it.
"Wash trading on this scale could crash several markets it doesn't matter if 650 million isn't a large number compared to 8k times the amount of coins.
What matters is that several exchanges would have solvency problems and a decent sized part of the economy would be bag holding while the Tether """hacker""" ran off with the goods.