What does /biz/ think of Vaynerchuk?
Looks like a less fat, less stuttery, less unchadly Sergey.
Just bought 100k.
He makes a living talking a lot like Cliff High.
Professional Talker.
People who share his stuff on Facebook are fucking annoying.Today's God is money, he's of his prophet.His video are quite cringey and the guy is high on some drug for sure.Self development characters are fucking boring for the most part and just tell what people want to hear.
listened to him on the rogan podcast and checked out a few of his vids.
He is high on life - and some kind of amphetamine.
It's like watching someone take adderall for the first time.
Incredibly cringeworthy.
His rags to riches story isn't quite so epic when you learn when he finished college he took over running his family booze store that had been set up by his uncle and was already bringing in a million dollars a year.
Sure, he's a great businessman for making it even better and branching out into other areas, but quite a lot of people could do exactly the same thing if they were handed a thriving business and put it online during the dotcom mania.
Vaynercucklmao
XD UPVOTE
4376396If you wanna get your life together, jordan peterson is much better.This guy is cringy as fuck and appeals to "young black professionals" trying to make it big "bruh".Just a high energy internet marketing dude, lol fag basically.
Joran Peterson aka the virgin professor who got BTFO'd by a bunch of cucks.
Why anyone take any advice from someone who lives of government money is beyond me
i think he didn't start it out that way.
but then came all the 'professionals' who see his #hustling #big #neverbesleepin as some kind of metaphor for their drug dealing and off to the races we go.
he embraced them fully, i think people were getting tired of him before he gained some steam again from shilling to the poor and ignorant.
which is the holy grail if you're trying to sell things really.
but if you see this guy on anyones facebook or insta or whatever, you instantly know they're a loser.
kind of interesting
If you wanna get your life together, jordan peterson is much better.I don't even want to know how bad your life is