Remember what happened with the the last "flippening"?
Remember how cocksure people were?
Remember what a colossal disaster it was?The bloodbath isn't BTC losing 1k in a matter of days, which has happened multiple times now.
No, the bloodbath is people left holding the BCH bags when the whales finally dump.
Fucking KEK we have people here pretending to be experts on crypto and yet they dont even fucking know who roger ver is or why him being involved in anything is a huge red flag.
Let them learn the hard way anon
Remember when Ripple was bigger than ETH in market cap and volume for like, 3 days?
Pretty much correct.
How quickly we forget how snotty everyone was about bch at the fork, some were delighted to offload it for 0.1 btc.
This is a great chance to buy cheap BTC.
Lol bitcoin died when 2x did.
It's just a matter of burying it now.There's no time table to scale Bitcoin to allow it to grow now.
I hope you are right.
new to crypto here, bought 1.5 btc at 6.8k and was planning to sell just after fork, was in work when it crashed, didnt want to sell at a loss, then missed BTH pump.. lmao.good learning experience though.
Spot on anon, I just hope this shit continues for a few more days though.
I'd love some more sub-6k BTC.
This time it's different.
BTC is literally finished.https://blockchain.info/unconfirmed-transactions
But bitcoin has been a slow ass coin since forever.
My first transaction in 2014 took 4 hours.
Thought I was being scammed.
Not when BTC is heading to $0
doesnt mean we cant ride the waves, up 30% today from scalping this chinkcoin.
Bitcoin is the brand.
The closest thing to blue chip in the crypto markets.
kekyou know "this time its different" is LITERALLY a textbook sell sign because people say it SO often near the top of rallies rightyou can screen cap this: when bcash hardforks on monday, it will dump harder than ever before and full retrace this pump back down to 300$.Sell the forks, just like with every other shitcoin.
When will it stop going up?
youre a fucking newfag nocoining nigger shut the fuck up already
except it isn't a stock and a cryptos value is based on how well its job its executed and when BITCOINS network is congested to fuck and bigger blocks is the solution to the problem even in the whitepaper people are going to go Bitcoin Cash.
Simple Btc is a slow tured and BCH is the forked coin that fixes the problem how stupid are u guys?
monday, dumb ass.
how long have you been in the scene?
In august that number rose to 200k faggot
Been in since 2013.You on the other hand, are one of these post-2017 kids who think they know everything yet don't even know who the fucking players are.
I say the name "mircea popescu" and a bunch of retards have to run to google to pretend like they know who I'm talking about and still get it wrong because they don't know shit.
BTC is still going down with or without the BCH drama.
It was artificially inflated and highly erratic ever since it broke the $5,000 (mental) barrier due to people looking to cash in on the potential hard fork.
Needs to deflate back down to the $5,000 range at a minimum.
Post 2017>It's 2017Ignore me and this sperg 
Bernie can still be president!
transfer your BTC -> BCH to find out how!
Bitcoin is king because of brand recognition.
Normies don't know better.
What that other guy is saying is true, bitcoin has been slow as fuck and unusable as an actual point of sale currency for like 3 years now.
2x failing doesn't really matter.
Simple Btc is a slow tured and BCH is the forked coin that fixes the problem how stupid are u guys> fixes the problemjust in case anyone needed anymore evidence that forkers are retarded and suck at maths
yes, post 2017 retard.
As in, they came into crypto after the calender date showed 2017.
As in, they came in this fucking year.
Most of them, less than 6 months ago.
Who the fuck cares about mircea, go post on your blog faggot
Bigger blocks are not the solution, first of all there's something very fishy with current blockchain congestion because there are thousands of fake transactions designed to slow it down.Second, BCH is absolutely dead when it comes to transactions so we can't really tell how it's going to handle them.
yeah its pretty funny watching some scrub tell me im wrong because he flipped 300 dollars overnight
Many coins transact faster than Bitcoin, most of them sub-billion market cap.
https://twitter.com/adam3us/status/636410827969421312
Sounds like bullshit, my first transaction in 2014 took six minutes.
mircea popescuYou mean the guy responsible for the single largest monthly loss of a bitcoin business ever?
This.
Loving the BTC dip though.
Getting some more.
Most people have the same amount of BTC and BCH.
Why should anyone even give a fuck?
One coin will win and one coin will lose.
Right now it looks like BTC will lose.
Those Coinbase fags still have my BCH locked up.
Free the BCH!
People are so busy with bch/btc that they don't realize Bitcoin gold is exploding right now.
bitcoin gold a shit coin
this.
never fall in love with a coin.
buy the rumor and sell the news, sell before conferences, and sell before forks.
its the same with all.
To be honest, I hope it dumps but Jihan Wu and Roger Ver are on a GoT-style rampage.
Hashpower is leaning towards BCH.
Bad news.
based on how well its job its executedThen why isn't ETH beating both of them?
ETH is being held back because there is suspicion it might hard fork to recover the ETH trapped by the parity wallet fiasco.
That's why ETC is currently mooning.