REQ is actually at a 20% discount from the ICO price on BinanceThey have announced that they will deploy their website to create, display and interact with Request in Q4 2017instead of Q1 2018 This isnt a investement advice.
Just a chance to let you see an opportunity to stop buying high selling low
Already have 100k anon.
Bags are getting heavy
No one besides /biz/ wants REQ right now.
They definitely have to show something to generate interest.
I have 30k because I read the white paper and the team combined with where they came out of looked decent.
However it's certainly a moonshot.
XMR is a much better steady investment.
Bags loaded.I don't think the website launch will do much, but as the project picks up in 2018 and has a major listing, and if YC commits to full support, there's a chance this may go large.Of course, there may be a lot of things that change by 2018, and the crypto environment moves fast, but I think this one has a good probability of success.
It doesn't have the usual shitcoin smell to it.
Hold 10k.
Any price predictions Q1 18?
Fuck me, 0.000155 wtf are these bags man, JUST fuck my portfolio up why don't you.
250K bagholder here
Haha.
This coin keeps bleeding and only pajeets from biz are holding it.I don't know why you don't listen to the people who argue against REQ
$1
Just hold, let them dump their bags they will buy at loss
Be rational, how realastic is a 630mcap
Well than tell me your expectations?!
it's realistic.
but not in a few months.Maybe in half ayear.
With new exchanges, I see this going past 100m cap easy.
bullish.
q4 2018 $20
Max.
0.2$ in Q1 and that's even a lot
That’s fine.
I’m in for the long term.
See you in Q1 2019
HOW IS THIS FINE I NEED TO REACH 1.5m REQ AND I WONT HAVE ENOUGH TIME
Kek!
Me too.
But I’ll wait till Q4 19
Let's wait til' Q5 in 2021.
Just to be safe
True!
See you on the other side.
Moooonside 2021
160k loaded up and ready to go.
Let's do this biz.
Let's make some moneyyyy
The REQt fags have tunnelvision like the LINKfags.You can argue and come with sane arguments but they will laugh at you while their portfolio goes in freefall.Just don't put effort and time in the REQ't fags and enjoy the pink wojacks.
Fuck, I want bittrex to list it, bags are heavy
Fuck off, LINK is still way above ICO while REQ is 25% below and have bigger news ahead.
This is why you will stay a LOSER You was shitting on Raiden here on 4chan because Vitalik said it was a money grab look at it now
I guess you are right, it's a fcking time warte to safe them money.Because REQ is a total shitcoin and LINK only a shitcoin.
I'm patient for this one :)
I did 5x on Kyber the 2nd day when Vitalik was in Advisor.
2x or 5x it's gains
LINK is 2 months old REQ is 1 month old