Why is nobody talking about this?The demo will be released tomorrow and the hype just started.This is an easy 60% gain until tomorrow, just don't forget to sell right before the release.If you followed cryptos at all it is really always the same pattern before those announcements, so buy the rumor and sell the news
What is this coin about?
BLOCKJesus christ, you really gotta get everything spoonfed, you really don't deserve to make any money off this
i had a look into this.
not trying to shill by imho this DEX looks promising.
was pretty tired of waves and their somewhat broken dex.
Backed with a great GUI too.
get out of here anon fag
Bittrex order book doesn't really look like something that's about to pump in my humble opinion.
Already own a node mate
Well bought it 3 days ago for the news on friday!
set for life
another pajeet coin, another dump.
be warned anons: if you did not buy a week ago you are about to get shit on
i would like to see blocknet adopted as that purple theme agrees with me.
Found this, doing research bout that shit.
did u tell da muppet dis too when he put 85k into b2x futures kek
Or, If you haven't purchased it you are about to miss out.
It's all a matter of perspective.
Welcome to Cryptocurrencies where moons are real.
https://www.youtube.com/embed/Jm4z4WMLymQThinking of running a node actually.
It’s like a botnet, but on the blockchain, very popular in Russia.
Looks like they are about to show something tomorrow.
some advice: dont sell just before thats what everyone else is going to do, sell 2-3 hours before
hold until then?
I take it back, buy pressure has is building significantly.
Probably a good time to buy, don't try for 60% like OP, go for a safe 30%.
looks even to me.
ADA looks primed for a breakout, though.
dat buy pressure + triangle
Do you think they will show something except the UI?
the UI is enough, since the DEX is already working but not really user-friendly
Do you think its worth investing right now guys?
is it worth investing in the probably biggest DEX of the future, with a market cap below dogecoin right now?
Can it moon after the showcase?
you know there is hype fomo and fundamental fomoand these guys are fucking deliveringas always DYOR
>DYORFrom my research this has some potential DESU
Only 1 day until the UI reveal is out!
pnd by discord pajeets beware
this is actually a good coin i have been holding and accumulating since 8 dollars.
Alot of people have tokens locked up to run a master node( myself included)... 70 percent of transaction fees are distributed amongst the very few masternode holders as it requires 5k to host one and is a low circulating supply token.
I've been holding for 6 months.
Great coin, great potential.
Polo, bittrex et al about to be btfo.
pump faggots BTFO
Still has almost 2x senpai
To be a Dectralized Exchange, no 3rd parties can:- hold coins- broadcast orders- match orders- swap coins- control listingsThe Blocknet's DEX built on the Blocknet DAPP is the only DEX that fulfils those 5 core standards.
2 years of hard work and development has gone into the reveal that's happening on Friday.
can't believe the day is almost here!
Should have got into the train this morning, god damnit
what is this?
It is still EARLY in the game bud, gonna be a $1B market cap in 2018, that will be 5x gains if you buy now and hodl
x actually.
I've hodl'd for 6 months and I'm not gonna stop, this is just too easy $$$
I actually know one of the co-founders IRL.
I can't say if the coin will be a massive success beyond this point but I can say that they are 100% for-real and 100% committed to the project.
Do you think its a good time to buy this dip???????????????
fuck yes it is!
blocknet is going all the way to 700k+
It's gonna launch soon, crossed the resistance again
4264300>you don’t to know anything about it just buy now it’s already up 40%Asshole
Why is biz falling for another shitcoin pnd - again?
#DigiByteWarned you 2 days ago...you missed a lot.Warned you again...dont miss!