Ok guys, I’ve a theory on the rise of BCH and I’m not sure if anyone came up with this before.
months ago, China decided to ban cryptocurrency all of the sudden.
(I’ll come back to why this is important later on.
)>BTC fell but came back much stronger.>For newbies, they have no idea what is the implication of seg2x fork.
They were conditioned to think B2X = Free Coin from BTG's fork.
BTC’s price continue to rise.>Seg2x got canceled.>BTC crashed, and BCH begun to make its moves.
As of this writing, BCH is valued at 1:0.34 BTC.
>By now, most of us have heard of Jihan&Co’s plot to murder BTC.
They deliberately cancled seg2x to pump BCH.
>Some of us feel that its due to market manipulation as Jihan&Co want more money.
I beg to differ.
You see, from the whole saga leading up to Seg2x, they probably have already made billions of money.
This may be a little /pol/ but I think that it is necessary in this current context.>First of all, we need to know what’s in the mind of Chinese.
>Control > Money.
>The Chinese government had successfully firewalled Western’s technologies, like Facebook, Google, Ebay, etc, and out came their Weibo, WeChat, Alibaba, etc.
>If cryptocurrency is the future of the world, by controlling the main currency of cryptoverse, wont you essentially control the world?>Recently, China said that they might resume Bitcoin trading.
Timely coincidence?>A powerful Chinese man like Jihan Wu definitely has some connection with the top Chinese officials.
For those who do business in China, we understand that relationship is extremely important.>It matters not if it’s less profitable to mine BCH after the upgrade.
Jihan&Co already made more enough money to fund their war-chest in this war.
With the government’s potential support, money is not an issue.
Short term monetary losses = Long term Control.
>BCH has every single intention to murder BTC to become the new King.
>Just my two satoshi’s worth, what do you Anons think?
Your thoughts aren't even worth two satoshis.
if this comes true, BTC will be backed by US finance industry
The call that saved Europe
Kek
The next great war
them some funny looking fuckers
Anons, I must admit that I am no Crypto expert and I'm just stating my personal conspiracy theory based on what I've been studying about China's economic growth.
I've no intention of FUDing or Shiling any coins here, I just wanna see if anyone else shares my view.
why are there so many irrational people people have been telling you this since august 1st.
Coming up with irrational conspiracy theories with no evidence or possibility.Bitcoin cash is bitcoin if you looked at the code without the names no one would believe btc is bitcoin.
Contentious hard forks were always part of the bitcoin design that's why satoshi didn't define bitcoin as whatever has the ticker btc
Trumps recent visit is totally unrelated.
Rest assured.
If crypto currency can be manipulated so easily by governments what's the point of having it at all?
People thought it would be so easy to escape the government's grips and ended up buying into a supposedly 'decentralised' system where they've simply stepped back into the governments grip.
the rabbit hole is actually much MUCH deeper than that, but you hit some nails with your theory.
Chine WILL dominate the crypto market.
after the collapse of the US dollar, China will control the world's economy, through the cryptos.
what people don't know is that all the authorities are actually working together behind the scenes (US gov and chinese gov are not enemies, also trump probably has strong relations to chinese politicians and other powerful individuals).
the illuminati have total control over all of this planet.
crypto market is going to give birth to the next step of globalization: globalized digital economy (tokens will be used by global citizens to pay for all kinds of services and shit).
anyway...
I will not mention the hellgate and the real ruler of this world, nor the purpose of this world, but I will tell you that you humans are not here to be happy.
the entire system is a trap.
you've been warned.
EXIT.
ALL.
CRYPTO.
MARKETS.
NOW.
Gold market is much much bigger than crypto yet it is easily manipulated by banks and governments... soooo
morons don't use crypto """"currency"""" as an actual currency, but instead as an investment>surprised when they get btfo by people with more money than them
So what youre saying is that neo is gonna 10x?