Thank me for POWR and CFD if you mooned from those.
I'm now here to tell you about BCPTThey ICO'd at around 30c, its currently at around 15mm market cap and just got on Binance.
Two hours ago the binance volume was at 20 BTC its now at 120 BTC and rising.One of the ethereum co-founders is a key part of the project, they had a lawyer who is one of the senior aides to the US Attorney general and an editor of the harvard review vet their ICO to ensure SEC compliance, and they've been invested in by a huge hedgefund in China called STI.
These guys mean business.
I don't like big estimates but a conservative one for the near future is 30mm market cap.
Don't stay poor idiots
Holy shit this one is about to explode, all in now
DELET
nice one
Why OP, why?
Y U NO keep thid a secret?
Just between us?
Biz bros too slow to get in!
>buying a coin that's already above icono fucking thanks.
i'll wait for it to drop below ico like every single ico lately.
0.42$ is a steal.
Going 1$ in near future!
Get in or stay poor!
It was below ico for a few weeks...sooooo..... moon time..
pajeets who fall for this deserve to be robbedit's already mooned.. it'll get maybe 20-30% from here when all the good news in OP is delivered.
at best, and that's very optimistic, it will double.
stay away
why?
I bought in NULS because it looked pretty gud, not so sure about block mason being good at all, all you talked about is a single advisor?
not even part of the team
if you bought NULS man i'm afraid you can't criticise investments... they didn't even have a whitepaper and still nobody knows who their team isBCPT is legit
Oh and I forgot to mention, their first app releases Friday.
Bought NULs at 0.27 and sold for $1, I got nice gains, NULS looked better at the time, won't be looking to invest into this one though I don't see it mooning
Blockmason is legit.
Their whitepaper also looks good.
Can't wait for their updates later this week.
HAHAHAHAAHAHAH IT WAS AT HALF ICO PRICE FOR WEEKS AND YOU DIDNT BUY!
WHAT A FAGGOT!