Instead of committing suicide I put all my life savings + inheritance in crypto.
This is sink or swim and life and death for me.
Who else /allin/ here?
Same here man, I saved up as much as I could in the last couple of years and then put it all into LINK and REQ.Now I have still enough money to live frugally in my parents basement for 2/3 years.
If I don’t make a fortune with my investment by that time I will hang myself.
you gon fail
4457452Or you stupid fucks could do something else if this fails.
think about it, suicide is nearly always an option.
If you lose all your money just think of something wild that you want to do and go do it.
Be a monk, or find a passion, money isn't everything.I don't get this suicide meme, the world is chaos and there are 8 million different things that could kill you tomorrow.
If your life is that bad just find solace in the fact that the odds are against you living very long anyway.
what cryptos anon?
You don't feel my PAIN!
all that waits for me is being poor and grinding some wagecuck job I don‘t even want, all I want is to live comfy and be a NEET hikki.So either I get rich or I kill myself.Get rich or Die trying, 50 cent was right all along.
Just took me some time to figure it out.
Here is a hint, you don't have to wagecuck if you don't want.
You are limited by your own comfort zone.
Just here me on this, you should do something you've always been afraid to do before you kill yourself.
Just try it, literally just go for something you've always wanted and dont be afraid of failure because apparently you're going to die anyway.
That costs money which I don‘t have, its all in my crypto Lotto ticket.LINK and REQ either bring me to heaven or I just hang myself.Thats the deal.I ain‘t bothering with a poorfag life no more.
If you lose all your money why not just ask some bitch out that you've had your eye on.
If she says yes postpone that noose my man.
Or you could take a bunch of mushrooms in the woods and converse with your true will.
My point is that suicide is always an option, get weird before you get dead.
get weird before you get deadOr get violent.
If you're gonna die anyway, might as well make the world a better place for the rest of us by taking out some trash on the way out.
Why would that postpone my suicide in any way?
I don‘t care about roasties or drugs anyway.
All I want is money, now I placed my bets and we will see if I can gamble my way out or not.
I‘ll let you know how it ended.
Shut the fuck up.
Why?
Refute what I said.Well I hope you make it then.
If you don't though, remember what I'm saying.
Death is around the corner always, perhaps view life from a different angle before you accelerate your demise.
At that point, you will have nothing to lose.
Cheers
I have holdings in BTC,ETH,ENG,LINK,REQ, XMR, etc.
~ 300k AUD worth
By the way, you should at least make a suicide lottery choice based on a quantum random number.
That way if there is a multiverse then you are guaranteed to live on in a universe where you won.https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quantum_suicide_and_immortalityhttps://mystudentvoices.com/quantum-suicide-killing-yourself-for-fun-and-profit-69224625e0ff
Get Rich or Die Trying is a good philosophy to live by, anon.
I'm with you on that.
Interesting.
I'll take this into account when I decide to kill myself.
Cool, let me know how it works.
;-)
I have 99.9% of my networth in crypto so I guess you can say I'm all in.You learn fuckin fast when you're all inGod speed OP
Yeah and the first person should be you, you piece of shit.
Your probably a bottom feeder yourself faggot
All in, ride or die crypto.
This, don't take your rage out on people you don't even know.
If you really are going to go all in on crypto why not choose ETH and XMR?
Don't do it on shitcoins.
BTC might be too far along for huge gains but in the grand scheme of things ETH/XMR are young and are solid.
Gather all your money and try to bust your ass to make more and live like a frugal peasant and put everything you have in things that will 5 - 10 times your money in two years.
For real faggot.
You have 300k and your having a bitch that life sucks.
Use that money to better your life bro.
Yeah for sure put some of it on crypto but not all of it.
100k maybe.
Use that other 200k to study or travel my friend, alot of people are way worse off.
I am one of those people and I don't wanna off myself bro.
I have nothing in savings compared to you dude.
I got 10k max and no way am i putting all that on crypto, i got 1k at the moment and im happy with that.
Slowly adding to it and say if in 3 years its 25k, ill be very happy my friend.
Please to try to see the bright side of life a bit more, also where abouts in oz are you from
Don't wish death upon people you don't know or tell someone it's a good idea to go on a killing spree when you don't even know the people who could fall victim
I hope it's not all in a bunch of alt-coins?
should put 10% in precious metals to hedge collapse of internet
Can I have some eth faM, I need to pay for gas on etherdelta
But I didn't do that, I just told them to go out on a limb and ask a girl out or something.
Sorry you didn't your right, then why did you reply to the post where I called the anon a bottom feeder?
That anon told op to go out on a killing spree, fucking faggot
I should have quoted them, I was agreeing with you.
i'm prety much all in i need a new life and i want the security of having lots of money while i do it

You just wake up again before you died, usually right before or a little before that, in a new universe / timeline that's about the same as this one.
Until you are really supposed to die, then I'm not sure what happens.
Don't die.
Take a walk in the rain and just go from there.
Thats my plan
Thank you so god damn much to whoever did that
All good.
My bad for telling you off
Edgy