Under $15 million market cap coins with big potential, go!
TZC
PURE
DNA has amazing 2months ahead, just on EtherDelta.
Research it now!
Check this one outhttp://crypto-icos.com/2017/11/08/devery/https://devery.io
I’m in on this.
BCPT
ELIX (Elixir).It's being actively updated daily.
Nimiq
COSS.
NGR
4486599Is Trezar a fork of something else?
DOVU
No, it's a new blockchain with high security and efficient fast transactions at it's core to enable it to be a reliable store of wealth and a usable currency.At this price and only on obscure exchanges, it's a moon mission waiting to happen.
RKC
B2BXReleased yesterday on CMC and EtherDelta
This.
Getting on HitBTC today and just announced pilot program
The Internet of People (IoP) is a complete infrastructure for apps and payments that is not server based.
Instead, it is completely decentralized and based on nodes.
Those nodes could run on home computers or even smaller devices like a Raspberry Pi (fully) or smartphone (in part).The IoP token is a currency that is used for payments on the IoP.
It also grants holders a share in the Internet of People as a decentralized autonomous organisation (DAO).Market cap ~5MM USDLow supplyVery big potential, bluepaper coming tomorrow.
ethbethttps://ethbet.io/alpha/release soon
GVT
CONFIDO
xbc
ODN
ODN is relaunching on Dec 4th and their first app is going to be released at the end of December.
DRP
Horizon State (HST).>Market cap below $6m which is crazily low.>Circulating supply is ONLY ~30m HST with total ~40m HST.>Working product.
They're gonna announce their clients and partnerships in late December.
Could be the Australian govt.
Also they presented HST to the fucking United Nations in New York.>Professional team based in Melbourne.
The second ICO from Australia after POWR.
Aussies love and support their coins.>Currently only listed on ED and KuCoin.
Will hit Livecoin tomorrow (22 Nov) and Cryptopia will also list HST before the end of this month (date is not disclosed).
Binance and Bittrex soon before EOY.Low market cap, low circulating supply, professional and very active team, working product, real life usage.This is the ultimate recipe for the next moon mission.
TIO
Oligarch(rule) is getting primed for liftoff.
Getting announced officially soon.
Only 33 million tokens and a hyperactive dev who has made a truly spectacular token.
Buy some off ED if you didn't get the airdrop.
https://etherdelta.com/#0x0ea560c60f92c70b06974210f3ce54c0dcec4865-ETH It's going to be a dollar a token soon.
Machine learning privacy token on the ERC 20 platform.
It can only go up from here.
Elix, Dovu, LMC, and TKR are all about to explode in the next few months
This actually looks it will go to 1$ in less than a month lol.Where the hell did you find this.
HST buy now or regret later!!
4488336I second this
RLC50m market cap but damn
B2B got some serious potential.
Partnered with kraken, bittrex and bitfinex
rebranded from B2BX to B2BCurrently only on ED
I did buy and I did regret later.
I believe that UIS is up for a x50 increase from today's levels.
TIO is the shit right now.
Haven't heard of it, then it's right about fucking time!
They just got their first listing on Etherdelta exchange, and they'll be listing on Hitbtc and Binance later on, They're yet to be on coinmarketcap.com.
With only 450.000 tokens in supply..get in now, buy the shit at a low price from the impatient bounty hunters, who're dumping right now.
Here's the link: 
Can't believe this wasn't mentioned earlier, insanely low market cap atm due to some random fud that I haven't fully read.
Their ICO was top notch and the devs weren't greedy at all, they only raised $375k.
Truly a unicorn among the trash.
4486638This.
IoP.
Qvolta (QVT).
Market cap of $300k, with an error on coinmarketcap (it shows double the number of coins).
So upcoming “virtual token burn”.
Plus alpha testing next month
Pure and neblio (not 15m)
COAL
Iop
Yeah I'm going to stack up on this
xrb, all but the circulation has been burned too, no one knows about it so far
BCPT (Blockmason)CAG (Change)
confido

COLX tiny as hell dont even know if its sold anywhere anymore.
Don't even know why i own any but moon !!!!!!!!!
Not sure what the market cap of ChainTrade is but it has bigger potential than any coin I've seen since ETH.
Look it up and decide for yourself.
I didn't even look hard at theseand so I just noticed TittieCoin at the bottomlulz
best place to buy and where do I hold it?
pajeet coin
CHN
DOVUDOVU +1

Where do you buy this?
Etherdelta?
Literally just made a thread about one.>Check it HUGH potential gains if you are buying it to hold.
They tweeted out a working model of their version of STEEM today.
It is for the Japanese market which is untapped potential.
A very active social media presence and a professional team.
This could be top 50 within 3 months.
Where my ODN boys at.
Christmas is gonna be great
Seems like a good use case.
Why does it need a token?
I have LINK, ALIS, POWR, and ODN.
Hoping to cash out of POWR by xmass to buy more of the other 3.
ODN is still super cheap.
I'm also in here.
Strong team and solid use case with a beta already out and partnerships being announced in December... but you never know in this retarded marked.
4488422Have either of you read the entire whitepaper?
Suspect as fuck.
Claims to be a Chinese/Russian/English project but there are only Russian names on the team (which is 20 people deep despite the fact that apparently still have no office) and the copy isn't even proofread.It could be a good idea if I weren't 100% sure that existing market entities operating at vast scales will develop their own ways to implement crypto into forex terminals/exchanges if demand is there.Honestly one of the most transparent cash grabs I've seen in a while
SPF tokensSportyfi.io
Horizon StateTHIS IS GOING TO BE CONFIDO 2.
BEWARE
4488388We have ids here you fucking shill
I hope you're right, I was the guy who got sold to at .0000013So FUCKING ready
ODNwhat a shitty name, Obsidian.
thats supposed to be the next messenger??
lol.
"are you on Obsi?"
kek
ELIXELIXELIX1.4 Millon Market CapLow Shares
I have 5000 RULE because someone sent it to me yesterday where can i get info on it?
Yeah this is one of the most guaranteed moon missions I've seen in a while, the market cap is something like $50,000 right now.
Market cap will only be $450,000 if it hits $1 and they're going for like $.10 right now
ODN
It's a shit coin.
Sell it here https://etherdelta.com/#0x0ea560c60f92c70b06974210f3ce54c0dcec4865-ETH
blockcat
OPTBetter get in quick, it's mooning as we speak.
ZEPH - 2.7 Million market cap.
ELIX
Can't you sell ngr and trumpcoin between each other on waves platform?
This coin looks insane.
4487431ODN or COSS are the right answers here.
Get comfy bois.
Oh linkies.
What would the world of cryptocurrencies be without you?
What do, we owe the honour.
The promise of Link seemed glimmering at first.
The premise of 'rent free' was surely innovative and ahead of its time.
But, as time showed us, this coin was nothing more than a pump and dump that inadvertently created the most deranged community of bag holders known to man.
A community that incessantly screeches "rent free" whenever they feel threatened, which is very common.
To be a linkie is to be deranged.
Having lost everything, whether it be your house, marriage, wife's sons college money or life-savings surely takes a toll on the mental serenity of a linkie's mind.
Slight threats critiquing the developers of Chainlink sets the common linkie into a state of neurosis that can only be cured by euthanasia or the eventual revaluing of this godforsaken currency.
However, once the price reaches 10 cents, the value will continue falling.
This crash will be catalyzed by the fact that thousands of wallets will be lost as a mass suicide of linkies, causing the price to dip even further.
Don't be deranged, don't be a linkie