So which is it, boys?
Want compelling arguments for both, no pajeet shilling shit.
https://medium.com/@001modow/next-pbc-coin-revealed-solarcoin-1d7e535be5b0it will be SLR Im pretty sure.
This is the best argument I've seen.
The real question is when this will be released.
Tomorrow or next Monday?
That was my other question.
Has that message from Teeka been confirmed or denied?
I saw some people claiming it was fake
https://steemit.com/bitcoin/@mpspringer/powr-confirmed-palm-beach-research-group-teekait will be POWR Im pretty sure.
This is the best argument I've seen.
The real question is when this will be released.
Tomorrow or next Monday?
that message was 100% fake but there might be some truth to the Monday thing regardless
It's POWR because SLR is for homos who want to save the planet and shit.
POWR team does not have MIT connections while SolarCoin is literally an MIT project.
Cmon manI hold POWR btw
^message was for you not me lol
That article is fucking retarded.
It's obviously crafted by a pajeet, just look at the misleading title.
His "proof" is just a bunch of random unrelated points that he assumes tie together because he lists them in an order
Wow thanks anon!!1!!!1!!!111!!
lol new shill technique detected>Mildly shit on coin X in favor of coin Y with a reasonable tone of voice>I own coin X by the way.The pajeets have begun reading Freud and Jung!
They're evolving!
no shit its crafted by a pajeet, but this isnt fucking rocket science.
Teeka explicitly said leading MIT minds & solar project.
Kinda narrows it down unless youre a blind retard
You really think they're going to endorse a dead 3 year old shitcoin while POWR is getting deals with Tesla?
lol
that was funny but I really do hold both coins.
I just seriously doubt POWR is the PBC pick.
SLR I picked up specifically b/c I think it is the pick
implying he's shitting on coin >actually offered a compelling argument for why one is the pick over the otherLiterally offered evidence and you call it shitting
new technique>new
4384486You did not offer "compelling evidence".
Any student, faculty memeber, or temporary student of MIT can create a .mit.edu address... remember the litecoin mit site?
Lol
POWR alone sounds better imo
dude youre fucking retarded.
You cant argue against Solarcoin's MIT connectionshttps://steemit.com/solarcoin/@pdclenton/mit-cryptocurrency-incentivising-solar-energy
https://coinreport.net/nasa-mit-others-join-open-solar-energy-project-electricchain/another one
holy fuck how could anyone think its SLRTHE COIN HAS A HUGE TOTAL SUPPLY IT GETS MINTED TO BE GIVEN TO PEOPLE WHO PROVE THEY CREATED SOLAR ENERGY TO DUMPprocess goes like this >send in proof you created solar energy>SLR mints new circulating coins from total supply to reward you>you dump coins for BTC>rinse and repeat while total supply is LITERALLY x2600 the circulating supply you would have to be autistic to buy this
Hey confused idiots.PBC is coming out on 20th.
This is confirmed.
But NOT by that fake "im not covering solar energy coin" letter.
IT was already confirmed in his "Advice for New and Seasoned Cryptocurrency Traders" letterMy predictions:* POWR is more likely than SLR.
* It's very possible he won't want to create another ZEN situation, and will delay POWR (even though that letter is fake!
)*If he delays POWR, I bet he will just feature Factom again, or maybe some other "legitimate project" that he hasn't talked about like CVC (Civic)
Wait why is the letter being delayed to the 20th?
A few readers have told me they haven't been informed about the delayTeeka's doing an AMA thing tonight by the way
Oke fuck you people, go buy SLR it doesn't take 1 click to their website to find out this is not a coin to invest in LITTERLY ON THEIR FUCKING HOMEPAGE

Anyone?
Is this actually confirmed?
my understanding is that a few weeks ago he did say this month's letter would be delayed, but it was due to the hardfork being scheduled around this time.
Idk if he's said anything regarding the date since
He's got an AMA coming up in under an hour, hopefully he clarifies the publication date.Also, potential rocket may be heading for the moon too, if he gives us strong hints of the next coin
Link to the AMA?
Google it yourself faggot?