When moon?
Holding 30k
Shitcoin.Saged
omg retarded pajeet shitposting again lol
Enjoy your heavy hype coin bags
when they release the first stage of the product in December... just hold tight.
Hodling, hodling, hodling, but i want my lambo now
yeh im the pajeet,because im the one shilling the shitty 30MM below ICO crapcoin made by a bunch of nobodies.
Wake up Rajesh, this isn't going to 20x, it probably won't even get back to ICO
^o)
dudem just like you dont have to be black to act like a nigger, you dont have to be indian to be a pajeet.
You are a pajeet in spirit.
You FUD with no facts, you don't do any research and you have to patience of a 2 year old.
Your personality characteristics are what will keep you poor your whole life.
Look at XBC
Yeah, what does it have to do with REQ, lovely REQ?
Another shitcoin named after bitcoin with no fundumentals?
I've done enough research, and have presented as much facts as you, zero.
I am in the top 250 holders of this shitcoin.
It is shit buddy.
I'm just glad I have OMG in my portfolio to keep it green.
wtf, it is one month old and pretty stable :Dhave patience, this is at least 5x
Stop larping pajeet, you don't hold more than 1eth worth of req that you bought at 22k.
Thinks top 250 holders of REQ is noteworthy>Has OMG to balance out his REQ>Small amount of OMG balances out small amount of REQ>Confirmed poor fag
more than 98% of REQ holders and probably 99% of this board.
Also probably more than you, insecure fag.fuck it, keep shilling this shitcoin, hope you can get it to 0.00025 so I can dump my 300k bags.
Going balls deep never felt so good.
Haha yeah man I'm the insecure cuck who needs to make a point that I'm a top 250 holder, yes boiiiiiiii
lol, 100% pajeet answer.enjoy your 1 eth which is your whole families Net worth.
Good project, but its gonna be slow and steady gains over the next 12 months
8 rupees have been deposited in your account
Nothing grows slow and steady in crypto.
"slow and steady" this shit will skyrocket when they launch Test Net