Officially all in on LINK.
Post proof?
And why?
Do people really think this thing will go from $0.20 to $3.00?
Thinking about giving myself a promotion.
I dont know if I should buy now, or wait for it to possibly drop past .20
To $30
saved
More like .20 to $300 in 2 years you fucking sneaky jew.
proof or BTFO larp
Why wont my sell order fill then
LowIqPolcuck
Ark will kill Link.
100K here to $30
Does Ark have any corporate backing?
Have multiple billion dollar IT companies every discussed Ark even once?
Deluded.
$300 for a coin with 1 billion tokens?
Greater than the entire market's cap?
AHAHAHAAHHAHAAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHWITH WHAT ARMY?!?!
realistically, 50-60 cents in 2 years.
i put in 15,000. instead of buying a car ill buy one in 2 years cash..screen cappe and
That's not realistic at all
are you retarded?
They don't even do the same things
lmao what the fuck, you mean it will reach its previous ATH in 2 years?
are you retarded?
so from its current price it will go 2.5x at most.
just fucking buy bitcoin then you fucking idiot
He's too poor to buy any crypto.
An idiot larper
Derp
kek deluded arkie stumbled across 4chan?
xD rekt
I have exactly 37 LINK.
I'm now allowed to meme.
Look at the crypto cap last year.Look at it now.Link still won't make it to $300.
Maybe $30 within a few years.
I’ll bite and get some Link.
I’ll sell 10 ARK and buy 1,000 Link.
Watch it be a $300 mistake in a few months
Welcome, private.
Them's rookie numbers though.
You better up those numbers.
If it makes it to $30, there will be many millionaires on this board.
Fuck, I’m at only 233 LINK and struggling I keep trying to jump in every time someone gives away a few, maybe I’ll make rank 1000 soon
I've been hodling since fucking ico.
This is a long hodl.
If you get in, break out the diamondium hand because it's going to be a long ride.Only if they follow the advise above.
Don't try to time this shit.
People are already sweating because they bought high, sold low, and are buying back in at +30% from a few days ago.
second lieutenant here>see picture related why 4chan is stocking up whilst its cheap
Brigadier here.
Down with the union.
Link taking over
bought another $80 or so worth this evening.
Now at 727.