>He is a good guy>He would never pump the price and chat on slack all day with millions of dollars invested>He cares about the app release>R-Right guys?
sending money to cryptopia right now to buy more, actually
So, just for clarity... are you actually stalking this guy?
Like, has your obsession officially gone from FUD into some weird real-world thing?
Ive known this guy back from WorldCoin days.
I still remember the message he posted on the forum saying he could no longer continue the project due to the direction it was headed.
This was after making hundreds of thousands of dollars of money from investors.I could not believe my eyes when I saw he was on another project.
I thought for sure he would be in prison by now
A bit out of hand I would say he's done a good job in ODN if not for crazy ass Blackstone.
What's your obsession?
you dont know the full backstory about him.
He is borderline sociopath who has a hidden agenda.
The way he acts is a big cover up, and I am actually furious that he is still doing this shit in 2017
Riiiiight.... but again, clarity... is your weird obsession a real-world thing or just FUD.
Like, do you collect his hair?
This is important.
Think hard.
I lost a significant amount of money (~$80,000 USD at the time) on this project because it was terminated indefinitely.
He has insider information in which he dumped all his shares on the market a few days before leaving the project, which caused a huge crash.
Why should he get off easy while innocent people get fucked financially?
10/10 fuds boys keep it up, I want to buy more under ico too.
5 masternodes reporting in.
I did my post fud research and found https://trademarks.justia.com/861/66/scharmbeck-86166384.htmlhttps://www.bizapedia.com/az/scharmbeck-llc.htmlhttp://www.arizonacorporates.com/corp/164543.html which matches to the story of a lawyer owning everything and running.
Douglas Gilmore is the guy
DO YOU HAVE A JAR OF HIS FINGERNAIL CLIPPINGS OR NOT?
HOW WEIRD ARE YOU?
OTHER ANONS NEED TO KNOW SO WE CAN JUDGE YOUR AMOUNT OF CRAZY.
Fuck you, stupid fuck.
He played it off like he had no part in Scharmbeck scamming people, yet was told preemptively about it and dumped on everyone.
You don't just leave something like that casually.
lets put a pin in this until january.
then I can make fun of your weird fetish even more on the actual messenger.
The messenger that got pushed back 2 months.
Okay, you go ahead and enjoy that
ODN 4 teh win, brahs
Fuck, I’m like 3k from my third!
Shit needs to dip haha
Welcome to the wild west faggot.
fuck off if you don't like it
well, that's not what the roadmap says.
While we're chatting though, do you also stalk other people?
I've always wondered if this is like a ted bundy thing where you have multiple random victims, or do you just pick one and focus in.
I don't stalk, I browse biz for shits and giggles and noticed a few threads about ODN.
I decided to check it out and saw he was on the board of the advisors and almost pissed my pants.
Can't make this shit up
Quit deflecting the real topic of this thread by trying to pin the other anon as a stalker
Ill do whatever the fuck I want to do.
If this is the wild west then I have no shame exposing this jew bag fraud