HOLY FUCKING SHIT BITTREX IS ADDING CONFIDO!!!!!
!THIS IS NOT A DRILL!MOON MISSION CONFIRMED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
!https://etherscan.io/tokentxns?a=0xc892e9036e9a7bd657b65078829be18b6856a791
MY LINK
Kek
this is a pajeet portfolio, not bittrex.
how depressed are you?
Holy FUCK what happened to Confido while I was gone?
Sweet jesus.
I was depressed that I didn't sell the top but at least I didn't hold.
find trexes test wallet>send shitcoin>guys guys hey guys loooooook!>wipes ass with bare hand
pajeet confirmed.
It was one of the worst scams in crypto history.
They literally blew their load after the first exchange adoptions.
Could someone please explain what the fuck happened with Confido?
Their subreddit is locked and I was banned from the telegram.
Was it shown to be a scam or something?
but at least I didn't hold.if this is true, you're one lucky fucker.
it was a 100% confirmed scam, yes.
Exit scam.
It made the news!
https://www.cnbc.com/2017/11/23/confido-ceo-who-allegedly-pulled-375k-scam-lied-about-employment.html
Jesus fuck just read up on it, that's insane.I knew that CEO was suspicious.
he kept talking about price and upside potential in the Telegram, and referenced some "Harvest Moon" PBC style group that seems to have been invented solely to pump CFD.
He only stopped when he was called out on it.
THANK YOU OP!!!
!bought 100k btw
let me guess... yoiu fell for confido scam and now you want people to buy your bags?
AAAAAAAAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHAHHA you should have fucking known.
ICOs are a gamble and you lost.
GET REKT.
buy the dip
It's true, but I didn't sell anywhere near the top.
I bought the ICO and I'm pretty sure the top was more than 20x ICO price, I sold somehwere just over 10x.
Still a gigantic profit but I felt a bit bummed out about it.I feel kind of vindicated though, I knew their low market cap strategy had nothing to do with not being greedy, it was a marketing move to draw attention to CFD so they could sell their massive stash once it pumped (which was like 1/3 of the supply).
lol this destroys the Linkers theory of this being a Bittrex test account.
Nice try though
lol this destroys the Linkers theory of this being a Bittrex test account.
Nice try thoughr u legit retarded?
lmao
yeah...low marketcap ethereum tokens seem to be new scamming method.
i've been chasing a couple of them, as soon as they're tradable on etherdelta i throw in like $100.
sometimes they do a x20 run before crashing all the way to 0.lost like $200 on something called infinity pay like a week ago.
same shit, suddenly their webpage went offline as well as their twitter.
looks like the best way to make it in this market is by scamming other people, lol
Just like the real world.