>Last night before bed>Holding some bitcoin>Not sure how BCC V. BTC is going to work out>Put it into ETH until the storm passes>Wake up>BCC up 75% >ETH down 15%I'm fucking allergic to making money guys.
I really am.
I haven't seen green since early September.
I want to fucking kill myself.
I CAN'T EVEN GET ANY YOUS AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
4319073Hi
H-hi
It’ll be okay
t-thanks anon
Stop being retardedBCH is a shitcoin you dodged a bullet
Bought Bitcoin for 30 dollars yesterday to try it out.
Should I stop while I still can?
Buy high sell lowThats literally what all of the morons that loses money do.Take a good look of the top 10 crypto currencies.
BTC, ETH, BCC, LTC, Monero.
Now make yourself a portoflio out of them.
Don't look at it.
Come back 3 months later.
You'll have made much, much more money than trying to trade like a moron like you do.
I held ETH to protect against unforeseen BTC drama, not to hold it for three months.
3 months ago>buy ETH at .14>skip to today>kill self
If you know what you invested it, if you did research on the technology and potential, and if you did a little retrospective on yourself and realize that you are a SHIT trader, all you had to do to make MONEY is to make a diversified portfolio of pertinent crypto and hold onto them.
thats why you make a portfolio and you dont buy a single currency.
stop underestimating bch, it's common rhetoric used by blockstreamcoiners to downplay the significance of what's going on and the ones losing out are you guys
You are partly right.
But the moment to do that was 18 months ago, not three months ago in the middle of a FOMO campaign
You can still buy and hold because of a FOMO, if crypto is really the next big thing.
Sure , it comes with a risk, but if crypto get there, even people investing and holding now are going to make big bucks.
Maybe 3 months too short of a time span, maybe 6 months would have been more accurate.
Again, basically you are right, but hodling during a bear market can be hard on peoples mental health, requires balls of steel and not being a gambler who took a second mortgage, what seems to be common with the whole GRQ folk in the market.
Personally I prefer the buy in underbought territory, accumulate in the first wave and get the fuck out mid third wave and wait for the media and marketing circus to cool down to make a new bet
just buy bch.
follow the money chaos is a ladder
a ladderKek
Are you actually fucking broken or something?
The only reason I held ETH was because the uncertainty of btc and bcc.
I only wanted to hold it for the night, not 3 fucking months you spastic.
ETH is a shit.
That makes sense too.
But I still think that if people had more solid hands, they would make gains instead of loses, and we would see much less pink wojaks.
Basically, I'm trying to convince people not to be traders, because being a successful trader and beating the market is extremely hard.
not too late to get into BCH for a flippening.
/s
complains about being down 15%meanwhile I bought BCC at the ATH because of FOMO and lost like 50%
 That's what you get for betraying BTCDisloyal fucks never get anywhere in life.
I'm trying to convince people not to be tradersIt is pointless, everybody has to make his own experience.
imo the best thing to do is tell them to not gamble with more than they can afford to lose, but even this seems pointless when the dollar signs blind them
Honestly I admit it, I'm retarded and have no idea what I'm doing with crypto investingI'm just gona go 60/40 in BTC and ETH and take a long break
you invested in a stable currency instead of something that could either go up or down.
ETH has been stable at 300USD for ages "until the storm passes" wasn't that the objective?
I don't understand the post
how to make a bad trade worse 101