Last time the real btc under 1000.
honestly it's probably really the last time it's under 1000
I'd rather buy btc at 8k than that pump and dump shitcoin.
It's gonna be under 700 soon
hahahahah
BCH is the dirty blonde slag from out of town that promised to give you a BJ but fucked you up the arse, kicked your dog and did a runner
Really extremely unlikely it dips below its average since Segwit2x failed.BTC is a zombie at this point- it'll be stuck on exchanges with no one really able to take ownership due to prohibitively high fees.
If fees are so high just buying, say, $100 of Bitcoin and transferring it to myself costs $20-40, then you've effectively excluded a significant chunk of the world from ever being able to practically use it.That's not to say Bitcoin won't keep going up for a good while.
You'll have Wall Street pumping in a lot of money and sending it way higher.
But it's a ticking time bomb.
This.
November 26th.
KaBOOM
What happens 26th day
4404761Altcoins pump, altcoins dump, that's all there is to it.Now all Btrash faggots please kindly kys.
what prohibitively high fees you dumb fuck, I just withdraw my BTC to my wallet for $2 fees
sorry bcash faggots!
your banker backed shitcoin failed!
fuck youhttps://soundcloud.com/proofofbeats/chiken-eggs
Coinbase listingBlockchain supportWhales that buyed 0.41>coin under 1000 LolI have set sell orders 0.6
satoshis visionsatoshi is dead and he would never have let some fucking chink take over his project
Coinbase listingI hope you realized that also mean a fuckton of previously unavailable BCH suddenly becomes a part of the market.
That doesn't usually positively impact the price of things
OP
mooningstay poor
That's what qualifies as 'mooning' now?
Jesus I mean I hope it has at least three or four hours of positive upwards movement because this straight shot down for two days is fucking sad
we'll see
banker backedokay blockstream
so... you're saying he prefers jews instead?
Yeah, all the normalfags I know who are into crypto are planning to sell immediately once they get their BCH.
MUH BLOCKSTREAM!!!
!ceo of blockstream is a well known cypherpunk to anyone who is paying attention.
stop being a fucking retard.
You are both retarded, Satoshi didn't see the world through your stupid ass racist view.Read some of his writing sometime.
KaBOOM(CDS)Greatest transfer of wealth in the history of mankind
You are both retarded, Satoshi didn't see the world through your stupid ass racist view.Yeah, its why he didn't anticipate blockstream's kikery.
Hes also a guest of honor at all Bilderberg meetings.
What you mean????
backed by AXA.
who is AXA anon?
Yes, it will be the last time, because it will never end.
MOOOOOONING GET IN
Ok guys not trolling hereand for the record, i dont own any bitcoin or bitcoin cashi dont understand how anybody that has actually read the bitcoin white paper could call bitcoin with a lightning network the real bitcoin, over a bitcoin (cash) that scales exactly as satoshi said it should.my only concern about bitcoin cash is all the shady mother fuckers that are in it, and their blatant manipulation.
thats really the only reason i havent bought any.
Crypto politics are a fucking joke.
Both BTC and BCH are not even remotely decentralized so don't act like your coin is superior somehow.
No need to pick sides when both sides are flawed in their own ways.
It's not about politics it's about making money.I also wouldn't call it a failure.
The plan went exactly how they wanted it to.
They pumped the coin they've been accumulating at a loss for months.
They dumped at the peak, made back some/most of their losses and now things are back to "normal."
If you think for a second they won't or can't do it again, you're beyond delusional.
If they're able to take 20% out of BTC in a weekend, imagine what will happen with more time, more planning and more support.
Bitcoin's difficulty will be adjusted for the last time.
Slushpool moves their mining power to BCH
You should literally buy right now OP couldn't be more right Bitcoin will never be this cheap again
here il help youhttps://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AXA
Enjoy your settlement layer pajeethttps://www.coindesk.com/100-bitcoin-japan-post-banks-cio-blasts-bubble-value/
Because they're both shit for what Satoshi really wanted a currency for the people that could be run by the people, and I just hate Roger and Jihan more
Everybody talking shit about high fees.
I don't think anyone really cares right now, nobody is buying btc to use as a currency, they are buying it and riding the pump all the way to the bank.
BCH has no good news coming except for a huge dump.
I can't see any good reason why the price would increase anytime soon - somebody please school me.
They say the difficult for btc will adjust in 10 days, what does that mean though?
Coinbase isn't letting people buy it though, only transfer it so they can dump it
nobody is buying btc to use as a currency, they are buying it and riding the pump all the way to the bank.
Literal Ponzi scheme and anon doesn't see that as a problem>A Ponzi scheme (/ˈpɒn.zi/; also a Ponzi game) is a fraudulent investment operation where the operator generates returns for older investors through revenue paid by new investors, rather than from legitimate business activities or profit of financial trading.
Gonna need a source on that...You really think they'd pass up on the chance to make more money?
BCH PLZ
Has anyone taken a look at price action on BCH right now?Bithumb is going bonkers again.
Its going no lower than 800 before it either floors or pumps.I will be buying around that price.
Will have increased my stack by double.
Fucking Googlehttps://support.coinbase.com/customer/portal/articles/2853600-bitcoin-cash---frequently-asked-questions>Would I be able to buy/sell Bitcoin Cash on Coinbase?For now, Coinbase plans on supporting bitcoin cash withdrawals.
If this changes, we will notify all customers with an update e-mail.
Not looking at current price
You got bags from the pump it had a high of 2300 you really think this is just a highly manipulated coin then your insane.
Right after the fork people where literally not mining the blocks and just mining enough to stop it from losing difficulty.
GET TROLLED
WAT
You missed the dip brah
That’s not a good thing...
Explicitly states the status might change
no shit.
i was responding to this retard
That's true of everything you daft fuck.
kikebase will be forced to add it soon enough.
Blockchain.info announced full support yesterday (CEO is catholic)Now watch the major companies start bending too, likely first will be Bitpay - especially with the addressing scheme to be upgraded on Jan 14.After Bitpay a fuck load of companies will simply be forced to add support or lose market share.
Is started.
What's your take on the chain death spiral?
How long do you think it will take?The bankers can keep printing tether but will Jihan sell them enough ASICS to keep them afloat??
Do they have enough C4$H to buy them even cos he doesn't accept bitcoin lol?
i honestly have no clue but dont underestimate jihan and roger's resources.
not to mention other big players we dont know of yet
Boys...
It's time.The flippening is real, get in now before it's too late.1k is cheap, this is going to 3k this time, maybe even higher.GET IN NOW HOLY SHIT IT JUST KEEPS GOING.
MOOON MISSIONNNNNN
And then it just keeps going down.These fake pumps are a terrible idea.
BCH daa adjusts downward much more slowly meaning it can't respond to a correction.
1 minute candlesStop doing this
FUCK YEAH DON YOUR HELMETS ANONS
I have set sell orders 0.6If you really think it'll dethrone BTC why would you set sell orders for lower than multiples of a BTC instead of a fraction of one?
I want a serious answer out of you:How does it feel to be so wrong, so stupid, and to have such poor instincts?
You seriously think some scam coin that a chink and a shady ass thief was going to topple the most successful cryptocurrency?
I'm just trying to understand the lack of logic and make sure I don't ever become so deluded and gullible
prepare to get bag dump on, Billion of BCH bag are waiting for plebs to buy
yeah.
Like last time./biz/ promised me a sure thing and I went on the rocket train...
the ride up is going to be bumpy af
4405353Not even trolling, you should get in this pump.
It will happen, look at the BTC chart.
Bitcoin Cash is just a shitcoin using bitcoins name to market to dipshits
https://fork.lol/1.3x

I feel like people are purposely acting retarded here.
Rewards have been flipping between the two for days now.
yea thats exactly it.
u figured it out
What's wrong with explosives?
They're fun.
Of course, Satoshi's vision was a gift for jewish bankers.
It's going to be a clean cut watch this space... Head chopped off with a guillotine.
C4$H miners (Chinese big blockers) all migrate to Segshit to pump difficulty.
If Core miners try switch off to try ameliorate so do the rest.
Difficulty adjustment gets delayed.
Blocks slow down.
Price vs BCH tanks to the point of no return.
Miners put the foot down to lock in a high difficulty then leave to mine the far more profitable chain.
Bitcoin never recovers.>Muh digital gold is uselessNo shit sherlock
They can kill postage workers, or people living in an apartment next to where they are stored
Every time it starts to come up bagholders dump their shitcoin.Don't buy in /biz/
explosives can kill peopleNo, people can choose to kill other people with explosives or improperly handle them and accidentally kill people.
You against guns too?
Bitcoin is a shitcoin using bitcoins name to market to dipshits.It's not a currency anymore, so what does it do?
If you don't think that more than a few members of Bilderberg have been in BTC since 2011 you are out of your tiny fucking mind.
Get ready for FLIPPENING PART 2,where BCH actually has a chance of winning
im confident too, timing needs to be perfect
This is the thing right here.
So many people who haven't dumped yet are praying for it to go back up so they can offload finally.
You go straight from 0.21 to 0.126 in two days and you're gonna get a lot of desperate people looking for an out if they haven't sold yet
And the person who chose to mishandle explosives in a way that could kill or maim others is Roger Ver, the man behind bitcoin cash.
so what does it do?Both BTC and BCH are fucking shit technologically and if we want to argue technical superiority there are altcoin that are better than both in that category.
Why aren't you championing them?
And the person who chose to mishandle explosives in a way that could kill or maim others is Roger Ver, the man behind bitcoin cash.Please provide a link to an accidental explosion opposed to a draconian law system that's eroded the 2nd amendment.
Ok you clearly don't get the point.
are there people still trying to promote this chinese junk?
its ruined its over.
they fucked it all up from the gate.
.05 is not a fucking race its a collapse and death.
bch had hope and jihan and his gang of shitheads ruined it.
its over.
its deader than btunlimited cause people will lose more as it bleeds to death.
get out while you can and save your shame
Because I don't own any already so I can't profit from it rising
Lol.
You fake-Bitcoiners are even more deluded than linkies.
At least linkies are aware as the price of their shitcoin crashes down to zero.
Who the fuck hasn't dumped yet?
Coinbase?
What exactly is even the total C4$H value of their wallets?If you don't realise that Bitcoin is most valuable when there are no barriers to entry like sky high fees or fucking paying banker scum to open non existent lightning accounts then you're a fucking idiot
I know I can see the graph.
Its the combination of high reward with a pump that makes me nervous.
Low difficulty during a BCH pump is dangerous because miners migrating (even temporarily) from btc to bch means big problems for btc - as we saw during the last pump.A fast pump before the difficulty has time to adjust will make the profitability of mining skyrocket and compound the problem.
The design of the BCH algorithm makes this always a possibility.
Holding BTC for now though but my grip isn't too tight - I don't want to be stuck with it during huge dump or correction.
Who the fuck hasn't dumped yet?All the anons you told to HODL as the price bled for the past two days
In the long run, Bitcoin wins.He didn't have to anticipate that, if people were smart enough to see Bitcoin being taken over by an entity, they would be smart enough to fork the project... which they did.So since BCH is the true bitcoin, I'm confident it will prevail.
The chinese are back.
This could get interesting.Fuck this coin JUSTED me so many times if it goes up now I'll cry
That's fair.
And I agree 100%.
I just wish the alt market would come to its senses and stop reacting to bitcoin's moves.
what website is that, I want to use it
Both are shit, I'm pretty blackpilled on the current state of crypto for anything other than grabbing shekels at this point.
Just like the last last time, yes?Pump and dump shitcoin to the end
the chinks haven't started trading yet.
coingecko.comClick on the coin you are interested in and look at the Trading Exchanges tab.
Why is BCH shit?
% trading volume though.
And don't tell me that is the Koreans doing that much.
I would be keen on another moon mission.
no, it's lower inflation than fiat with a definite endpoint to minting and with increased adoption the value of existing coins goes up and because BCH follows a perfectly identical minting scheme any attacks on BTC for being a ponzi apply to BCH tooBut neither are ponzis, BCH is just a dumb ripoff nobody wants and that's why BTC is king.
Bitcoin will be usurped when an actual innovative change comes to crypto that changes the game (getting rid of PoW would be nice).
It probably won't be any of the current altcoins either even if they are better than BTC since they're essentially just 'better BTC.'
you knew damn well i meant they haven't lifted their ban.
when's that supposed to happen anyway?
I'm sure they know how to use VPN's anon
Oh fuck
Shit I actually forgot that IOTA exists, but I'm still iffy on them actually getting things working successfully
So nobody then.
Gud1bruvWhy is POS superior in your opinion?
How it feels to hold BCHhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OacVy8_nJi0
Why is POS superior in your opinion?Mostly on energy conservation reasons, which I feel as time goes on is going to become more and more important to the world.
Pure PoW is a huge waste and I think governments are gonna get on people's asses about it.
PoS is an option to not have that happen.
There's also IOTA and proof of space and time as options if those ends up working too
Price predictions for today?Can we go above 1300000 and stay there or not really?
I BOUGHT THE TOP IN THE LAST PUMP FUUCK
dumped by chinks again
it already did do that
and stay thereYou gotta read anon
FUCK YOU TOO FRIEND
energy conservationNot an issue.
Why is sha256 mining so prominent in China?Lot's of small independent hydro stations, they use excess power to run miners.
Yeah mining uses a lot of energy, but lot's of the energy that it does use is green energy.
It's why mining isn't profitable if you are actually paying for your electricity.
SELL SELL SELL
You clearly haven't read satoshi.PoW is a very good way to guarantee everybody plays the game.
It costs and requires equipment.If you found gold everywhere on the floor, it would be worth nothing.
Must suck to hold btrash.Maybe you can find comfort in believing conspiracy theories
you should stop listening to biz for investment adviceno wonder everyone gets JUSTed and pink wojackd
This is wrong because BCH aims to be a currency while blockstream coin seemingly doesn't care about much more than milking the bitcoin name for all it's worth and making it a settlement layer in the distant future.
Current BTC IS a ponzi and won't get any further adoption in commerce since they clearly don't care about the businesses that have built up around them.
and won't get any further adoption in commerceThen why does everyone keep saying Core needs to die for being the Jew banker coin?
it has more adoption than BCH in commerce alreadylightning network is the only hope it has for widespread use, nobody is using the fucking blockchain for millions of real time transactions
Me too fuck
4405191youre literally retarded
Literally nobody wants your asicboost trashcoin, jihan
noone is going to actually use that lightning network shit and BCH will have it anyway if it actually turns out to be worth a damn.
BCH is rapidly gaining adoption while blockstreamcoin is stagnant because of the ridiculous fees and wait times.
BTC is actually hurting real adoption of crypto right now because it's in such a shit state.
Fuck I keep getting JUSTed by this fucking coin
This I bought gold/silver about a month ago with Bitcoin and it took hours to confirm.
The guy I bought the gold from ran a business and he told me that he's considering to stop accepting Bitcoin altogether because of how awful it is, he told me Bitcoin has to change, or else...
Yep.
Just lost an additional 10%.
Got out and now on ltc.
Need to pull some magic shit to recover from these 70% losses this week.
I swear I watch this shit pinball within a .01 range multiple times and as soon as I jump in it just goes down.
This is my life
This is only the beginning
There was a point where it was 1.12 in favor of BTC.
It jumps around like hell
Moreso the graph, but yeah I know it jumps.
lets really validate this thing out once and for all so the market can actually find a reasonable price to account for the possibility.There's just one thing that is completely obviously true on an even cursory consideration of the current balance;BTC is at the mercy of BCH bids on SHA256 hashing power.Now BCH might choose to let BTC live by not bidding higher on the oxygen that it breathes, but it is simply not an option for BTC to actually change its bids and still be the same unforked blockchain except once every two weeks.Is that really a situation the market should be comfortable with?
BTC survives because BCH doesn't yet see fit to buy its oxygen?Is that crazy or am I completely missing something?If you look at the last attack in this graph, it shows that on a 20% profitability switch, 80% of the miners switched to BCH and followed profit alone.This would imply a fifty minute block time.It would imply a difficulty retarget in about seven days.It would imply an effective blockchain throughput of a 300 baud modem.That's not OK.Who is ignoring the fundamentals here?
am a fricking brainlet.seven *hundred* days.
You seem smart.
Can you break this down for me like I'm a moron?
There's this, too
SHA256 is the proof of work algorithm shared by both the BTC and BCH blockchain.Each chain "bids" for hashing power by its market price, relative to the difficulty level of mining a block of transactions in that chain.BTC adjusts its difficulty level once every 2016 blocks.BCH adjusts its difficulty level every block.Both aim for a 10 minute block time.It is empirical fact that on a 20% profit differential between the two chains, 80% of hashing power has switched over to the more profitable chain.
This seems like something that would be a danger to both chains at first glance, but BCH just keeps upping its bids every ten minutes, so it is immune to it.BTC however does not, so it too is at the mercy of the BCH bid for SHA256 hashing power.It may or may not be true that once BCH starts taking away the hashing power from the BTC chain after the arrival of the new difficulty adjustment algorithm that hashing power will not go back to the BTC chain.If it is true, then BTC only survives because of BCH's altruism.If it is not true, then BTC will be reduced to about 20% of its already tiny total blockchain throughput.
And this will not change for about seventy days without a hard fork if executed directly after a difficulty adjustment (2016 blocks @ 50 minutes a block = 100,800 minutes or 1,680 hours or 70 days).
Triple checked the math this time to make sure it's right.
If it's wrong I'm sorry I'm busy as fuck right now.
This is just stuck in my fucking brain like a splinter though.
I'm all in.
adam back went to builderberg?sauce?
oh and the next difficulty adjustment is scheduled for just before thanksgiving, which plays into the whole speculative narrative being passed around here and on other places that this is all part of an actual coherent plan to destroy BTC.If it's a hoax, it's a fucking annoyingly plausible one.
an insurance company who wants to build blockchain shit for their business, INSURANCE!!!
oh no!!!
That's what I'm struggling with.
Dunno if its just wishful thinking but shit...a lot of it seems to add up
and on the whole *wishful* front; If this really does happen, it's going to be cataclysmically epic.And maybe not in a good way for crypto in general.If it's really happening just how bad could the damage from this civil war be?
Whatever happens I'm not sure I'll ever be ready
JUST an ins company.
886 billion in revenue?
Yea ok
Oh btw kill yourself
4407142I will not.
so, tell me, how is AXA raising money for blockstream means bitcoin CORE is out to get everyone?they have 4 core devs out of 200 on their payroll.
Even if BCH isn't the one to do it, eventually BTC in it's current state will be dethroned.Another powerful fork could easily do it, especially with the congestion problems BTC is suffering from becoming worse & worse.
Hey brainlet https://group.axa.com/en/newsroom/news/axa-strategic-ventures-blockchainAdam back is ceo of blockstream he hires the best devs.
He also applied for patents on the ln.
Keep blocks full move traffic into ln collect fees.
Now srsly kys
hey faggot!
LN cross atomic swap was done between LTC and BTC on testnet TODAY!
stop and think for a fucking minute.
Here we go lads.
The hardest parts of LN, distributed saleable p2p network, are the parts that haven't been done yet.At the moment every node on the LN must know full network topology, to route to other nodes.
adam back's hash cash is what made all of this possible.
those patents are defensive patents you fucking monkey.
anyone can be a lightning hub you dumb faggot.
EVEN a retarded like you can become a hub.
this is how you scale to millions of tx per second, not going to 8mb blocks you retarded good for nothing cum towel.
take your own advice you fucking faggot.
The stakes are divided so BCH is the obvious party to launch a coup.
The original libertarian anarchocapitalist people who believe in the vision, the vision which requires proof of work being a fundamental part of the structure thus aligning their interests with the vendors of proof of work, vs the people trying to pry power away from them and move forward with a different plan, whatever the merits or absence thereof of that plan, there is no doubt that it is contrary to the interests of the aforementioned group, and therefore obviously they're going to pull out the knives.There are no other significant groups of stakeholders in BTC that do not break down upon these lines.
Any other forks are just pointless, look at Bitcoin gold and whatever else, there's simply nothing substantial or reasonable behind them and neither of the above groups value them at all, therefore by extension they have a very low market value.Unless I'm missing something important which is always a possibility this is the big clash to see where the plan finally goes.
Triggered
you should see my blockfollio faggot.
i hope you lost all your coin for shitcoin Trash
Best part about BCH bullshit is that it's also being supported.
It's not some alt coin stuck in just few exchanges with no fiat conversion.
So mad lol boo hoo.
Writings on the wall fagguette.
Kill youre self
hopefully it will bankrupt all these faggots.
Honestly if you didn't just hold both waiting to see the outcome, you r idjit.
FUCK.
I only have 1 BCCAm I gonna make it?
again, i will not.
Im making bank.
People can buy BCH directly from Bitcoin.com via credit card in December.
BCH should see a big boost and it may force Kikebase to offer BCH/Fiat
i know the outcome.
I sold all
If niggers in Africa pick up BCH + India for their currency or even as a payment option 1 BCH will be worth possibly hundreds of thousands.As unlikely as it seems niggers can't maintain a currency so BCH is great for them, also they're used to using their mobiles to pay for shit via SMS so it's not a new thing.Similar scenario with India.You can envision other use cases such as tourism (swap your BCH for local currency at the airport of each country for example) and online retail, international banking etc.
I say BCH because BTC is turning into a fiat banking layer, it's barely useable as a currency in its current form and it will only get worse.I am 100% in BCH and the future is looking very bright.
yet only 5.57% of the hash power
not sure about this whole thing.
i think roger ver has best intention for bitcoin.
i mean he dedicated his whole life into btc and promoted it.
on the other hand i think the digital gold thing of (((core))) is also not bad.
with lightning network there will be much less btc available because big institutions will keep them locked in their payment channels.
which should increase the price of btc further.
but... david vs goliath is a nice story - but yeah.
not much more than that.
dropping all the ideology and anaylsing core strategy on purely self interest, I still don't like it.
It's handing control and intelligence hand over fist to the exact actors who already have proven extensively they're happy to screw over the interests of those who just want to honestly conduct their business and chase rational self interest.To think they won't turn that money against us is naive.
I literally just spent 50 cents on a transaction that took an hour to confirm.
Shitcoin is actually rallying quite strongly.
Definitely has support.
This coin JUSTED the fuck out of me as I tried to buy the dip yesterday.
Now that I'm out of it, it starts rallying.
I would murder Jihan if I ever saw him.
I think that if you can, you aught to get in.
I'm not here to preach politics of BCH, I'm here to take people to the moon.
Chart is looking really smart money.
Did the buy wall get lifted, or eaten?
Fuck it.
Taking a position just in case.
Personally, I have never seen a chart move this much in my life.
Literally the volume is unreal, and "walls" of 26+ BTC go up and within SECONDS they are torn down.
This pump is manufactured and scary, but i'll make sats all the while.
We getting comfy now?
if you read the whitepaper, satoshi explicitly says that difficulty should retarget every once in a while, not every fucking block.
this is to allow for clean hardfork upgrades, where the minority chain quickly dies.but let me guess, youre just a bcash bagholder shilling this piece of shit to unload on the next idiot and you pick and choose whats important in the whitepaper.
kys
Fucking lol at the transparent price signalling, and the armies of zombie traders repeatedly throwing themselves at wall after wall, getting bled out each time.It's like the people doing this think that the only people still holding bcash are clueless novices.
If miners to to bch the difficulty will increase quickly and make it less profitable immediately
How the fuck can the price go up 25% within just a few minutes???
Are you reading the white paper like it's a bible?
Bitcoin should not be a religion.
Crypto is darwinian evolution, if you don't keep up with altcoins, you'll die out.
Anyone else coming to the realization that once BTC tops out and BCH bottoms out the smart money switches and creates the new pump and then switches out of BCH and back into BTC as BTC is crashing.
Repeat this over and over?
when to sell?
yo I can't tell you an exit price, this pump is artificial and extremely dangerously timed with BTC coming down off of the ATH.
I don't know what the fuck will happen, but given some TA, if they are looking to go second wave on BCH, I would estimate max will be ~3k, and correction back to 2k.
This seems impossible to me, but that is what the graph says to me.
Dumb NEET.
Why would you sell the true bitcoin?
Nope.
Max will be over $4k this time, and it will breach .5 BTC parity.This will shatter records.Strap on now if you can anons.
and the fucking pump is overgg ez
Ok I had rebought this 6h ago at 110.
Selling half of it just to make sure I dont lose my gains this time.I have 0 trust in BCC by now.
BCH 0.2 in an hour
i absolutely agree with you.
im just trying to show everyone that  fucker is shilling his bags while pretending to be a neutral spectator worried that btc strayed away from whitepaper.
its not over
bought 21 under 700, i'd buy any more that goes below it.
Is this the greatest pump and dump in crypto history or the birth cry of something massive?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PyafFTPs85M
check fork.lol
Bitcoin Cash is Bitcoin
its has nothing to do with bitcoin, its just a fork coin alt by chinks and jews that control 99% of its supply
he didn't read bitcoin.pdf
unironically believing the (((blockstream))) narrative
good goy
I would not be shocked if you were right.
But I also think Bitcoin Cash will be huge in the future (from february).
I'm waiting a little bit before investing as I see safer gains in other areas right now.
Bitcoin has a serious problem with transaction fees, more than half of all wallets are useless because of this (57% if I recall correctly).
Bitcoin will continue to grow, but sadly be limited until layers like lightning can take some of the transactions off chain.
Unfortunately, there's an exponential growth in the crypto market right now and I think adoption for lightning is currently too slow.
Going back down to .12
Too bad Bitcoin.com, btc.com have Bitcoin Cash and will stop supporting Bitcoin.
there goes all the momemtum.. bcc stuck at 0.15 and will start dropping soon while btc goes back uptime to jump back into btc niggers
...
wall is nothing, if there's 1000btc+ wall so we can talk.
First they ignore you, then they laugh at you, then they fight you, then you win.
If after many miners are in btc at difficulty adjust, then miners flee btc to BCH, BCH will adapt and become more difficult, but BTC will still be incredibly difficult too.
Only fees will compensate miners on BTC, but how much money is a customer willing to pay for a transaction fee?
When is lightning going to 'save' bitcoin?
BCH shills have no chill.
Whenever BTC goes down at all, they flood the streets and parade their 5% gains, then are just as quick to scurry away when they get dumped not long after.See you next p&d.
Naw man clearly the difficulty algorithm taking 2k+ blocks to adjust is FAR superior to BCH adjusting every block.
I mean just think about all the potential of having your entire blockchain frozen for weeks or months.
Thats a FEATURE of BTC just like the highs fees and slow transaction times.
Just increases the store of value man.
I mean if you dont ever take it off an exchange the blockchain doesnt even need to work right?
It would prevent capital flight.
That's a policy objective sometimes right?
implying core shills issuing death threats for even mentioning bitcoin cash are any better
OK.So I have a simple question now.Why would miners choose to mine BTC ever again unless BCH takes its boot off BTC's throat voluntarily?
Is making BTC holders commit suicide after the flip a feature as well?
they are only mining it to fuck over the difficulty adjustment.
Majority mine share will pop over to BCH.
they intend to freeze the chain for multiple difficulty adjustment periods?
I can't believe it's come to this over a fucking megabyte block size limit.
What the fuck.
its not actually limitedthere are already blocks that are 1.6mb.
Jihan just wants complete control
yeah I'm so bored with the political arguments I'm just tuning out sorry.
All I care about is the math, and that seems to me to say that BTC is doomed unless I'm missing something critical.
you are missing the bazinga pump
btc is doomin the same sense bch wont succeed.
they're gonna get smacked down by wallstreet whales time and time again.
the chain should come to a permanent grinding hault at some point yes.
And theirs nothing anyone can do to stop it other than fork BTC.
ok so maybe there's something in this.
Let's go with the narrative.
we have wall street whales waiting in the wings with bags of USD and they'll pump up the BTC price which will in turn compensate against this problem and bring hash power back over to the chain.Two questions about this response;1) Just how much fucking money does it take to move the BTC price from where it is up 30-40% it would need to to overcome this attack?2) Aren't they just handing that money over to... the exact fucking people mounting this attack, allowing it to just repeat infinitely until they get tired of throwing fake money at them?
sell the news
I think you're on to it, long term through eventually the market will just turn the tide towards cash because BTC simply won't be safe or even usable whenever BCH Is profitable to mine
hasn't bch been more profitable to mine for days.. yet everytime i bet against btc for bch i get justed.
so never again.
AND CHINA WILL GROW LARGER
It's still possible BCH could voluntarily take its boot of BTC's throat right?
Maybe they'll make the calculation that scorched earth isn't worth it and equilibrium is more to their interests?
Fucking shills.Those sites are owned by Roger Ver.
Miners clearing mempool so btc difficulty will adjust upwards next week.
Then they switchBye faggots
Can it reach 2x?
To all my BCH boiz:Why do you think this will moon wheras Bitcoin Core will not?Core is faster than both BTC and BCH, and has advantages in most of the important areas.
Technically speaking it's a superior coin.
What makes you think that middle-road BCH will survive between the two extremes?
because core is a shitcoin and no one really knows it
The "horse and carriage" coin?
because it has segwit
Expound.
I'm not disagreeing with you, I just want to hear what you think on it.
Is it really just scam devs for a pump and dump?
How is core faster than itself brainlet
:)
Are you postively daffy?There is an altcoin out right now called Bitcoin Core, which is /different/ from the actual BTC bitcoin we know of.
Never heard of it segshitcoiners BTFO
*breathes in*AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHa
A well versed person on 4chan, that's incredible.
bch difficulty adjust every block, it's so easy to manipulate you mongoloid (or maybe you're a bch shill playing dumb).
Miners mine what is going to be profitable long term, they know bch is just a scam, they were mining it during the pump to make some good bucks thansk to roger and co but that's it, there's no juice left.
4411010You called the same guy a well versed person, then a mongoloid.
Do you know how IDs work?
There are well-versed mongoloids you bigot.
Miners mine whatever is most profitable, and then they offload bags to what they believe in if they trade, or to fiat if they don't.Anything else simply doesn't make sense.
Why would I mine coin x @ profitability 0.9 rather than y at profitability 1.1 and then sell it to buy 1.2 x?
No i didn't notice.
His first argument made sense but the second is just dumb, as difficulty is adjusted so fast with bch.
And just like  said even if he was being ironic is that you can speak well while being an empty shell.
Also, that doesn't actually change my point.
Even if BCH *does* adjust its own difficulty upward to offload hashing power to BTC, consider the implications of that; BTC survives at the mercy of BCH.
It's that simple.That should worry anyone that holds BTC.
My second argument isn't "Oh my god, we're definitely fucked, sell everything" it was "BCH could kill BTC as simply as tuning its difficulty algorithm to do so.
This situation is bad."
At the mercy?
Do you realize that if all mining power goes to BCH the BTC chain will be infinitely more profitable as the BCH chain adjust to an absudly high difficulty for it's price?
And I'm not talking about minutes or at best hours here, not days, so no death spiral bullshit.
I'm talking*
I say "BTC survives at the mercy of BCH's difficulty adjustment algorithm" You respond with "Yeah but BCH difficulty adjustment algorithm will surely discard all that excess hash power".You then pretend that is somehow a refutation of my point.Is it you who are confused, or me?
Because one of us clearly is.
Yes that's true, but I don't see a way to tweek the difficulty adjustment to make bch gain mining power AND lower difficulty AND increase price (or lower btc price).
4411319You would need to change the bch diff algo (again) while spamming the mempool (which is expensive) and pumping bch (again) or/and sell btc.Not saying it can't be done but it's not very likely.
Assume a hostile attacker.BCH wants to kill BTC for good and steal its value back into its market cap.It tunes the difficulty adjustment algorithm to pay miners to the threshold necessary to pull 80% which it has already demonstrated that it can do, and this time offload it much more slowly, perhaps matching a curve like last weekend's panic profile.At the same time, it spikes the price differential between BCH and BTC in order to trigger that threshold.
All it has to do then is support the price level necessary to start the avalanche, and the collapse of the BTC price will do the rest *even if* the BCHBTC price does not increase, when we have every reason to believe that actually it would.What stops it from doing this?
I don't think it is doing it now, because I note that the profit ratio did indeed switch back, which does indeed suggest that this might be a stable equilibrium point presently.It doesn't change the fact though that they *could* do it.
Yeah i agree with you, but I don't think its likely too happen, at least not before the next btc difficulty adjustment.On an ideological point of view I don't think incrasing the blocksize is the right way to do it, but to each his own.Final thought is that I only hold btc as of recently right now but I'm considering buying some bch in case of some shennanigans happening, as well as do a market weighted diversification into XRP and Monero.
don't mind the grammer
STOP FUCKING WITH BTC.
IF IT WERE NOT FOR YOU WE'D BE OVER 9000 BY NOW.
FUCK OFF.
Everyone should be holding both.
Whales on both sides have the ability to quickly cause a dramatic shift in either direction.
Miners will follow the money.If I had to guess I'd say BTC will continue to be the leader, but who knows... Don't be greedy or naive.
If it weren't for Blockstream BTC would be 20k or higher by now.The fact of the matter is BTC is dead, BCH is the successor.
Satoshi.. never let a chink take over>Satoshi.. never... chink>Satoshi.. chink..>Satoshi..
Yeah I think you're right, even though if BTC dies it would really hurt the industry (as in market cap crash), the bulk of the value would be transfered to BCH.
mfw he doesn't know the difference between chinks, nips, gooks, zipperheads, and flipsSatoshi is a nip you fucking mongoloid.
Dont hate the player hate the game
Bought the dip and made a small profin, now I jumped the ship.
I don´t really trust this coin.
And if it wasn't for USDT being printed and put in BTC, Bitcoin would be 2k max.
Keep reading /r/btc and to reach even high levels of mental damage.
Yeah or I could keep reading /r/bitcoin and post funny comments to the retarded memes that make up 90% of the sub because everything else is censored.
If it does pump just a tiny bit, trust me and sell ...
This useless coin will drop so hard
4411761Or you could stay off that libturd echo chamber and talk with the adults on the bitcoin talk forums
Wrong.
BTC was experiencing good organic growth from merchants and users and that would have resulted in a much much healthier position than BTC is in today.
The number of merchants accepting BTC has decreased dramatically as a result of the artificial blocksize constriction and as a result the price is also lower than it would otherwise be.In fact the only reason BTC's value is rising is because of speculation, BTC is in a gigantic fucking bubble right now and it will invariably pop because BTC is fucking useless.BCH sticks to what bitcoin actually is and is meant to be, a currency with reliable, cheap and near instant transactions.