What stocks are you trading tomorrow at opening bell?
fucking BCH if it dips low enough goddamnit
Going long on PTN
Shorting boomers
stocksget out normie!
reeeeeeeeee!!!
reeeeeeeeeee!!!!
IDRA
Check in with the Robinhood thread tomorrow.
They usually have one by 8am EST or so, and keep it going while the market is open.I don't have anything I'm really planning on trading.
I'd like to get rid of my Ford though.
kevin spacey won best actor for american beauty in 2000>the movie was about a guy trying to have sex with a high schoolerguess he wasn't acting at all huh
I think he's more into guys though, no?
Maybe he just imagined she was a trap.
Getting out of my XOM weekend hold and then playing DLTR earnings.
Hoping for a pop in crude and an green DOW.
ChainLink
LOLI
Ford will never lose value
this is /biz/ not /crypto/
JCPDFSVIABTGTMNST
DGWR
NVCRUCTTKTOSwill all have BIG next weeks.
You heared it hear first faggots
trapI want you to kys, faggot.
Why stocks?
Stocks are literally the worst thing you could put your money into for speculative investment.
Forex, futures, crypto, etc, literally anything else is better.
>>>/b/ for stocks discussions.We here are gentlemen with vision who moved away from stock centralization to the currencies of the future.
At the beginning of the year I had 16k in my account.
Now I have 58k.
I only trade stocks.
t. fucking retard
trips thodividends, growth potential, ownership
Whatever PBC newsletter recommends.
What the fuck else would you be doing tomorrow?
I'm in a holding pattern for tomorrow but you should be buying CRBP BLCM AKAO and CALA.
Yes I am shilling a few of my positions but these are what I would buy if I wasn't holding them already.
LARP
How did you invest that 16K to get over 3x in returns so quickly?
Leveraging?
TPB because America has few good ways of playing marijuana and noone pumps zigzags.
It's /crypto/ We own this place.
You're lucky we even allow you to have your rgt threads only because it's a containment.
You are lying.
I didn't realize how young he looked in American Beauty.
Either that or I'm just getting old
eat shit you fedora wearing loser
EVX.
EVEREX is buying for q2 2018.
Will be a multi multi bagger.
No trades for tomorrow.
Just hodling as growth looks good on everything in my current portfolio.
kys
wtf is a stock?
Even if I put all 16k into BitBeans I'd still have better return lmao.