https://twitter.com/requestnetwork>Request Network @RequestNetworkh21 hours ago>Communication Reminder:>We give a special attention to our project >updates and will often use them to give >exclusive news.
Just basically saying they are not a hype coin like OMG.Actually think this is gonna replace PayPal and I cant wait to get paid so I can buy more.
Its so cheap its like free money.Q1 2018 Predictions?
Q4 2017 predictions?
Bee token, blockchain airbnb, is going to be using the request network, things heating up!
$0.07 EOY
under ico>even under presale million raised for a whitepaper project>already overvalued bazillion token supply>can easily fail like their other project called moneytis>alot of competitionvs"hypecoin" omg with a parent company omise which handles +100M$ daily and multiple partners worth billions.
doesnt realise omg cannot fail and will make every token holder rich staking.op is a retard
With the website release in Q4 2017 instead of Q1 2018?
Q1 0,15$If we are lucky, Ico price.
The project and idea is great but I'm getting the feeling it's way too big for this team to succeed.
They have too little experience and no network.
Minimum $0.07
So in this case.
It's really too big to fail
 too little experience They already launched Moneyitis then pivoted.
This team can build.> no network.They are in YC.
Ignore the "aggressive" meme - this actually means something.
They can get meetings with almost any big company in SV.
Access to other companies that went through YC is even easier - Request could set up meetings with Uber/AirBNB/etc.
with literally a single email.
Q4 2017It is q4 2017, man.Future is now and it doesn't look as good as promised
source?
tried googling didnt find anything
Website not yet released they announced it the Nov 10 so wtf
Yeah I looked at their site moneytis.
Feels amateur.
Also they strike me as a bunch of college graduates cucks.
"We love to travel" etc you want aggressive winners like Trump in companies.
Also what is red flag is reading their explanation of what request network will be able to do, it can convert anything, work with all future systems (how do they know) their trade law works across every legislation.
The list goes on, it's so many big promises that it almost seems to good to be true (which it probably is)Invest in what you want, I'll be careful used to have 50k but got cold feet after putting more time researching also >confido
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r-T4OO476ZM&feature=youtu.be&t=19m30s
months to get a roadmap, wallet is still quarters away, plasma is vaporware, etc.either way omg is overvalued at the moment while req you can get in on below ico.
Just revisited req site and saw this> Q1 2018> - Launching the "Pay with Request" project: an online button which will offer an alternative to the traditional "Pay with Paypal" and "Pay with credit card" methodsWasn't it planned for December?
Have they changed their roadmap?
Yeah that are ahead of roadmap.
They have failed in strategic planning, that's why they were able to be ahead of project after 2 weeks after Ico.
:)
There is a roadmap on what to expect by next year.
Read up on their Q&A, they know what they are doing.
Thx man
The item moved to Q4 was the website with Request functionalityThanks Pravik
 Also they strike me as a bunch of college graduates cucks.>you want aggressive winners like Trump in companiesWhen it comes to launching a tech business I would much rather put my faith in some YC-backed college grads than 71 year old luddite who went bankrupt running a casino.> their trade law works across every legislationPresumably tax support will be enabled on a country by country basis, which means they can ensure each "country module" abides by the relevant laws before it is launched.> but got cold feet after putting more time researching also >confidoSo you sold REQ because CFD was a scam?
Maybe REQ won't succeed in their ambitious plans but the chance of them doing a Confido is 0%.
It appears that Confido scared you and you sold a perfectly good investment due to unfounded fear.
Meant to thank you  Pravik
I'll keep my eyes on REQ if it starts moving.
They might never pull a confido but they can fail and you miss out on other opportunities to make money cuz product never delivers and the coins don't increase in value year after year.
regardless of if they set out to achieve all of what they promise, they will do enough to see this coin pump at least a few multiples.
It is a good medium term hold for easy gains.
I think this is a good investment
"inexperienced college graduates"just a reminder that-Vitalik Buterin, age 23, college dropout, founded Ethereum- Mark Zuckerburg, college dropout, founded Facebook at age 20- Larry Page founded Google at age 25- Bill gates, college dropout, founded Microsoft at age 20- Steve Jobs, college dropout, founded Apple at age 21Age is a meme
i'm going to buy some on december 4th.
there's always a mini pump leading up to their monthly update.
i'll get out around thursday before they release the update.
Wanna know who else is a meme?
using extreme cases to support one's opinions.Not based
I buy everytime I see selling at a loss go on :D
one of these is not like the others...