that Monero is the only real cryptocurrency.
Everything else is trash
Can't wait for the inevitable moon in the next coming days/weeks and this board can finally realise THIS is what a cryptocurrency should be like.
The only nongimmick cryptocurrency.
Plebs will realize soon.
4356561Verge it is.
Buy verge, the monero killer.
Is it really happening?
I would sincerely hope so........this needs a serious kick up to $300-400, no matter how ludicrous it sounds...
Lmao.
No privacy coin comes near Monero.We'll see $200 soon, and depending on the momentum it has with that, maybe go for $250-$300.
this is good news however, any particular reason you may wish to shed on this to fortify the statement?
People do not realise the value of this coin!!!
Honestly think this is one of the best long-term holds out there due to its dev team, community and roadmap, but shitposting and wanking like this without any reasoning about why XMR is good is just stupid.
The reasoning has already been established a thousand times.
I line Moner and am very fond of it, but Monero has run out of steam for now.
The price will most likely correct back to a 100 - 110$ with a dip of 90$.Once the update with multisig and subaddresses officially releases we'll see another run.
I'm not worried about it "running out of steam" because I view Monero as a long term hold.I mean it's primary wallet still uses a fucking command line interface.
As soon as it becomes both normie friendly and gets adopted by actual drug dealers, I wouldn't be surprised to see it go to $500 to $1000.
Nah, I reckon we're just getting started.
Mostly increasing in price, holding there for a while, increasing again a bit.I've done some TA on it and it has so much support it's quite a nice graph to look at.
All the indicators are pointing towards a large run.
But yeah, possibility of what you said because this is crypto.
when you compete on technological advantage someone can just come along with better tech, or copy your tech.that is the big risk with all privacy coins.just look at all the privacy coins out there, take away the privacy or come along with better privacy and then the rest are all shit.
Monero gains momentum, more transactions = more anonmity.Snowball effect, PhD reviewed code, ring signature, all transactions anonymous = bulletproof
I'm already balls deep in, pretty comfy to watch the whole BTC/BCH war with almost only XMR on my account
Look at Monero's supply - it is the next bitcoin.
yup2020 will be a heluva of a year
Good tech is implemented by good devs, and these usually stick around and invent more good tech.
2020 will be a heluva of a yearI don't understand.
Plz explain.
There will be less monero then bitcoin for 20 years.
That's a really long fucking time.After that we still have inflation but very slowly.
Also linearly so less inflation each year compared to the total supply.
There will be less monero then bitcoin for 20 years.
That's a really long fucking time.It's not goign to have a significant impact on price though, will it?
VergeTFW verge has transparent blockchain and richlistTFW normies thing that btc over tor is the new hot shit.MFW when TRANSPARENT BLOCKCHAIN DIPSHIT ITS NOT PRIVATE
also verge is like 4 years old... you really think th devs will improve itnow?
lel
Verge shits on Monero.
verge, lol.
good one.
stfu and buy monero while it's cheap.
Bitch XVG can’t even fucking read or write
Legit comfiest coin.
Weird to think that all us holding bags of these will make big dollars in a few years, I honestly have no doubt about it.