How much money will i make if i go all in this BCH right now?
Depends on how much you put in.
You will double it, probably more.
x
you will lose everything when it crashes dumbshitnothing will ever replace BTC and anyone who thinks so is deluded cuckshould of got onboard when it was $800 and cashed out
How long is the rising trend gonna hold, approximately.
-0.75x in a month
>BCH holderFlippening, you're gonna make 3x your money>BTC holderBCH is gonna putter out like it always does as miners move with difficulty adjestmentsThere I just gave you the whole future of the thread
>buy at 1900k-2000k>sell at 2100k-2200k>repeatyour welcome OP.
430834943083464308326Okay went all in.
What color should i pick for my lambo?
Black, yellow or orange?
Something else?
bought at 2130knigga did you even read what i said?
more days at most.
Dont worry we will see the next pump in 7-9 hours.
You will make negative 50%.
This.
This EXACT same thing happened in August.People saying "LOL BUT LOOK AT THE VOLUME" can't figure out that the it's a fork coin.
assuming you put your entire net worth you can probably double it to $30
do people rly fall 4 these threads?
srs q!
I'm an oldfag.
This is a strategy that works until it doesn't, and will ultimately make you a bagholder.
Have fun.
% by new years, 100-200% by next week.
yeah im already out desu, up 30% today, im good, this shit is way to stressful.
Good traders always use a stop loss.
If you don't, you deserve to be poor.
Hey, i put in 500$.
Dont be so mean.
Thats the spirit!
Everyone in BCH is gonna get rekt by Monday.
Probably by tomorrow morning (Sunday) in 8 hours from now.
Its not a healthy rise.
The worst type of investors are getting into it -late.
This is a coin that was given away free to everyone.
The rich people will dump it to hell at first sign of weakness.
The newbies that I am seeing now buying it up are totally clueless.
Whipsaw and then no recovery...I can't wait till I see the rekt threads.
Its going to be bad.
thisdoing coke all night to see the shit show
.67% if you sell buy now and sell within 24 hours.
What to do?
Just hodl my BTC bag for all eternity?
Buy something else?
hold btc or put it in some safe alts that you like and watch bch cucks burn alivegonna be priceless
tfw you for once got out at the right time
lol nothing, its gonna top out tommorow, crash and burn on monday
i only have 1 bit coin from when i mined back in the day, i got to say im having fun playing with all the currencies.
Dont cash out.
wait for the whales.
Tree fitty
I'm not even larping, BTC just broke $6200 support, it's heading down to $6000, if that breaks then we're in for a real show!BCH is going flip with ETH today or tomorrow.
The only thing slowing BCH down is all the BTC stuck in transactions trying to get to exchanges.
There's a fair chance your BTC goes to zero as BCH takes over
Yip, btc to 5k next few days.
He's not taking the flippening seriously
I sold it with a sickening win of 2,5€!!
!Im still down 70€ because of the BTC fiasco but i finally made some green.
Now i hope for a flood of pink wojacs tomorrow morning.I thing ive just had bad luck to enter the market at this shitty time.Good night.
btc to 0?
you're a retardbtc won't go below 5.5k
"The Titanic is an unsinkable ship!"
GO ALL IN QUICK NOW!!!!!
!GOGOGOGOGOGOGOGOGOLAST CHANCE TO GET RICH QUICK
as soon as shitcoins start trading on BCH trade pair BitcoinCash will go up 20%
millions