Hey biz...Just wanted to say, thanks for the SLR bags, this shit is going to moon.
Dumbass, biz wasn't supposed to know about this.
why not?
Just spreading the good news.
You know after a massive dump like that, that the market is going to correct itself.
Only manlets buy SLR.
People over 6 feet buy POWR.
biz is full of stuttering potheads and deluded retards like this autist right here Simply put, these biztards don't know a real deal until they start FOMOing, and once SLR hits 8k, you know that these retards are going to start shilling SLR.
Stop trying to offload your POWR bags, faggot.
How about instead for once in your life, you buy at the dip and INVEST since Solarcoin actually has a foundation and real backings unlike the rest of the vaporware like ARK, POWR, etc.
Solarcoin has a REAL use.
meant for this guy i'm high right now, especially after this good deal.
I knew someone was accumulating.. i was looking at the orders and some faggot which i assume was you keeps one-upping me.Please stop so i can buy some
We all want a piece of this pie man, I'm accumulating too.
Lol i honestly thought i was one of the few looking at slr trying to accumulateBut this thread makes me see there are a fewHonestly think this is gonna pump today nowThe chart is literally tiny stairs going upI wonder how high the pump will go?Back to regular prices of around 7-8k?
Or will it reach pump prices of 9-10k?Lol either way im in it for the long run
Different IP but obviously same person, you was stupid for not using a stop loss and getting fucked by the PBC report.
It was stupid to keep holding anyways.
Same man, it's definitely that it'll reach, at the very least, pre-pump prices.
Nice FUD bro
how could anyone ever fud this beautiful coin?
Sounds like you got burned and now you're raging, that's what you get for being a /biz/tard, time for the real investors to step in and show you how it's done.
Here are my orders before the PBC release, once again same person different IP.
Delete this pathetic thread.
This board has really gone into the gutters this month.
Lol wait arent you on /biz/ tooAnd earlier you even admitted to being highHow did a retard like you earn those bitcoins lolBought em off coinbase with daddies money?
You pathetic wage cuck I bought at 50 after the massive dump, neck yourself.Your mom gave the money to me and I basically multiplied it everyday you mouth-breathing neckbeard.
Does this retard really think all 3 of us are the same person?
This guy's autism is simply off the charts.
4487228lol funny how you both stop replying once accusedthis guy was mostly right lolstill though.
invest in shit coinsyeah, that worked out really well for chainlink, odn, req, ast, eng, dnt, mbrs, and so on.
A good entry point, anon?
Laughingirls.jpg
why the fuck did it dump so hard
Shilling or not OP i think you got your wishA ton of buy walls and the price is rapidly growing on SLRI both thank you and curse youOnly managed to grab 8k around 56