It can't POSSIBLY go any lower right?
Like mathematically, metaphysically, metaphorically IMPOSSIBLE for the price to below what it is currently at right?Basically what I'm saying is, it's going to recover right?It has to recover from here, right?
There's nowhere to go but up.
Thats how i feel about blockmason right now, except this coin is way newer so if im not a linkie yet ill be a masonite in a month from now
What the fuck is with this mason shilling out of nowhere
Nah.
It's so innovative, it will find a way to go negative in price.
That's when you buy and get rich, stupid.
It only matter if you need to withdraw money right now, otherwise who gives a shit?It's going way past $1 by mid next year, just relax.
We are at the bottom so no matter what we do if we sell it's a mistake, even if it goes to $0.10.
down because it is being delisted and that institutional partnership fell through cuz they didn't hit a deadline.
kys
yeah what source faggot.
>linkies still believe
Bunch of bagholders that got dumped on the other day
that institutional partnershipimplying there's only one, LMAO
m8 the lowest it can go is 1 sat
The whole team is two guys in a starbucks how the fuck are they going to develop anything?Both are fat undisciplined autists.
Good luck with the bags.
m8 the lowest it can go is 1 satwhat do u mean by this?
newfag here.
why is biz so obsessed with this?
>can't go lowerjust wait and see
How many do you have for LINK?
Basically a large portion of /biz/ got tricked into bagholding chain link because they believed it was "guaranteed super lambo coin" instead of just another erc20 shit token.Now, instead of making money, they post about chain link all day.
tfw spent only 1 eth on this shittiest of all shit coinsi wonder how people who unironically went all in on this feel?
perhaps nothing as they probabaly offed themselves by now
>tfw comfy link bags
come on
link is a meme.biz fell for a really well orchestrated pnd.
we just fucked up.
Sergey has got 300 million more links to dump.
sell now before it goes to 0.01
Sergey has got 300 million more links to dump.If Sergey wanted to dump, he would've gotten Link on more exchanges.But hey, welcome to your first day of basic trading.