So here is a completely hypothetical question for you anons.
Let's suppose that all you are possibly able to put away is $100.
Your goal is to be able to live off of cryptos, be able to afford having kids in a couple years.What do?
Long-term holding certainly won't make hundred bucks into much if any in a reasonable period of time.
Would you day trade and try to multiply it?
Would you give up and wouldn't even bother?Asking for a friend.
Just tell your friend to make sure you don't end up chasing moons and lose all your money.
installing a btc walletDo normies understand that bitcoin isn't actually stored locally and the only thing you need to have a wallet is a private + public key combo?Literally >go to walletgenerator.net>type REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE into the field until it satisfies the requirement>take note of those keysShit isn't hard
Let's suppose that all you are possibly able to put away is $100.
Your goal is to be able to live off of cryptos, be able to afford having kids in a couple years.>>What do?Learn how the world works and get a job
Problem is: Stupid PeopleReally a big problem in the progression of the human race.Imagine if the majority of Americunts used crypto currency.Headlines will read:JENNY'S CATS EAT HER HARDWARE WALLETBILLY SAT ON HIS LAPTOP LOSING HIS BTCMAN ROBS WHITE FAMILY - STEALS PRIVATE KEYSJOHN BUYS CRYSTAL METH WITH MOMMY'S BITCOINSThe problem with BTC is that it can't protect people's stupidity.
They will unironically go to the banks to store private keys.
Crypto is meant to cut out the middlemen, but imo they'll end up being guardians of crypto for normies.
Non-Meme Answer: Make more income.
Get a job.
transcode videos online.
Borrow some money and start a business.
You said it yourself, 100 bucks, even if you day trade like a genius, isn't gonna turn into a sustainable living.I still need a verified account to buy it though - the FIAT to Crypto barrier is like the Rubicon
I don't know what you mean.
Account with who?Most people just go from bank-> coinbase-> wallet.
Although you could buy straight from exchange with a credit card.
It's either kraken or gemini that allows that (maybe both)