Why is there so much hate against each other at the moment?
I think this board is infected and we all need a little more love for each other.
We all share the same dream and bleed the same blood.
We are poor and want to make it.
We need a signal to unite.
>We are poor and want to make itSpeak for yourself pleb

I consider everyone who has less than a million dollar poor.I am poor :-(
Why is there so much hate against each otherSimple.
First, I'm a day trader and a successful one at that but every time I try to give some friendly good advice, I'm either a fag or a LARP or whatever other invective.
The rest of the board is full of shills, terrible, and I mean Terrible advice, you name it.
I have yet to make a single dollar due to the advice from /biz/ and I actually lost some when I was a noob.
Now I just troll and occasionally when I'm in a good mood I'll throw a bone.
Here's one in the spirit of the thread: if you're all in on BTC right now, I'd suggest lightening your load.
It's almost certainly going to go down, hopefully to 5000 before it goes wherever it's going next.Oh and pic related annoys me too.
SHIT UP FPAGGOT
Yo, should I hold bch now?
Yes, but as much BCH as you can.
It's going to go way up!!
We are poor and want to make it.I'm not, but I still want much, much more.Nonetheless, since I'm holding both BTC and BCH I'm watching the rage from the sidelines, having a good laugh.
And to be serious, if this was a friendly place, it would also be a very boring place.
Yes its going to happen sooner or later
It's hard to like each other with all the shitty advice people give out here to have people burn their bags for huge losses.You gotta understand, OP.
We got evil bastards in these parts.
KEK cashie fags trying to dump their bags
Why is there so much hate against each otherbecause there is money involved, people are getting paid to shitpost here
I'm a reactive trader not a HODLer so I would never suggest someone hold an alt for any length of time unless they had a specific strategy to get out.
My strategy for BCC at this very moment would be wait for a slight dip to about 0.135 BTC, the start buying, loading up as it drops.
When it starts rising, which it will before too long, start selling small after about a 10% rise unloading more and more until your empty.
Wait for the next little dip, wash rinse repeat.
You can ride it up and down that way.
As far as the news, Jihan Wu, Rodger Ver and that crowd, I pay no attention.
The chart tells me everything I need to know.
LINK is the only real option to become rich.Only true friends would share this kind of info.Get LINK NOWit will never stay below this point EVER againDO IT NOW
buy low sell high for hipsters
Do you know where you are?Go back to plebbit pls
literally meme magic is going to make you rich through LINKTrump was elected because of MEME MAGICLINK IS MEME MAGICYOU MUST BELIEVEYOU WILL BE RICH BEYOND YOUR WILDEST DREAMSBUY NOW ITS NEVER GOING TO BE THIS LOW AGAINpraise KEK PRAISE $KEK PRAISE KEK$
Yeah, buying low and selling high is some pretty powerful shit.
If people would spend more time doing that and less time shilling their bags, we'd all be rich.
Nice.
Will try to start using your strata, I got a shitton of time and want to learn to get good at daytrading.Bch must be the every daytrader wet dream right?
Yeah, it's beautiful.
Check out any coins recently added to the exchange like MER, POWR, RCN, etc.
on Bittrex.
Ton of volume, ton of volatility, easy to day trade on the 5 minute chart.
The older stuff is better to work on a 1 hour chart.
You might lose a little at first until you get the hang of it but just start small then go big when you git gud.
Go back to plebit you soft ass overgrown child.
love you too
Could you teach me how to day trade, please?
Or any pointers like how to read charts?
The legion of /pol/ has gone full financial radical.
We're coming to kick your fucking ass kikeboy.
Is this the moment where you pitch us your new ICO?
Look on the chart for areas of support.
You know you're looking at one when the chart has taken a dive and a subsequent bounce.
The next time the chart dives under that support, you can usually count on it at least coming back to that support price or close to it.
Buy anywhere in that dip and sell when it returns.
Like on the BCC chart, there was a little bit of support under 0.139 so I suggested the other guy start buying at 0.135.
If you look at the chart on a 5 minute interval, you'll notice that it just dipped right under 0.135 and turned around for a bit for a 4% spread.
I knew it would do something like that thus the suggestion.
Little spots like that add up.
4% here and 20% there next thing you know, you're rich.
i gotta take my frustrations out on someone, simply posting a pink wojak isnt enough for me
44102934410431Thank you Anon.If I had some coinz, I would tip you.But unless you have a ltc, I can't do anything (and I'm poor as fuck).I hope I will make lot of profit to be able to tip you one day!