Btc bch important info from korean group!!!!!
the very pumpers that created this mess are retiring!aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
Fuck this bch and buy btcNext target 8100
Fug
Btc saved
So...BTC seems to have been on a steady decline tonight, is this normal?
I'm a bit scared since I just bought a bunch yesterday and it's going down really fast right now..
Help a brainlet out...I don't understand their reasoning for why there will be a correction after it reaches 2100.
What does the hashrate have to do with the price?
Are they saying that no more miners will make the switch to BCH?
sorce
its saved ir will take damage and then recoverwhen people see bch stop at 2000 and then crash BTC will be INVINCIBLEwill shoot up like a demon.
what is this?
who's this guy?
It's going back to the beginning, all the way down to $.01 before it starts over.
4313031No, but I'm serious.
I was planning on buying some stuff with this, will this decline continue for a while and I might as well take my loss and buy shit now, or wait a few days and hope it gets back up?
just shaking out the weak hands so the next climb will be more stable
dude stop getting FUD, all of this has been planned for months to get this exact reactionBTC needed a proper correction and was going to have one regardless of BCH, it was mpumped because of segwit and thats it.any normal investor and trader wanted segwit 2x to fuck off too, think about it.. you seriously thing all this BCH buying is a reaction by the people to segwit failing and people losing faith in BTC?it flash pumped close to fucking 8k the other day for christ sakes.. it wasnt even worth 1k at the start of the year
Its true All of it
Nope, My gf is a corewebb and thats not what it says.
FUD more buttcoin marines
4313086Please read and respond to This wasn't a savings type deal, that wallet will stay as it is, this was more of a buy stuff with.
I won't sell it in bulk, I'll buy stuff with it, so the BTC won't go to another crypto currency.So, what's my safest bet if I want shit this week?
Buy now or wait a few days?
You’re asking questions no one can answer, no one -knows- right now.
I know no one -knows-, but I'm asking what you guys speculate and what you would do in this position since you obviously know more about BTC than I do.
Have the graph
what group?
so far he is right.
neo and qtum holding strong
dvapump
how can i get in?
sounds like shitty FUD, I AINT BUYING IT FOR ONE SECOND.
BCC TO 3K, EASY.
LETS GO BOIS!!!!!
telegram.
It's... it's going up again?
It leveled, and now it's rising again.
gib invites to korean groups please.
I know some korean and they clearly know what's up
Bitcoin experience enourmous growth in a very short time.
Of coure this shit is gonna correct down.
Every 55 days there is a major btc correction.
And 55 days are almost there.
Worst case it will go to maybe 5k.
Probably not, maybe it will stop crashing at 5.8k or something.
stop at 5.8mate it's at 5660
So the best bet is to actually use it to purchase shit now with instead of hoping it'll rise a bit.If just it would fucking confirm my transaction.
invite please
I was thinking about buying for 5500 but it's falling like dominoes.
4313237VIPFrom my research of Japanese and Korean MMOs, the term "VIP" most likely means you have to pay to get in.And its probably expensive to get in.
They told you 2100They jump out at 2000
Will BTC rise again after that?
Well, it's up to 5800 again almost, it just started rising again.
Sorry I am drunk, it might dip to 4.8k.
likely 5k to be a psychological limit.
boomBTC saved
I personally sold all of my trading btc at 7400.
So like, you know.
Why is it taking so long to confiiiiirm?!
when people realize Koreans robbed them....
Must not be that expensive if that group has 10,600 members.
dead cat bouncehas more room to fall
Fuck you, this was a pump & dump the whole time?fuck you fuck youuuu
So, with this much traffic how long does it usually take for a confirmation?
Expensive is a relative term.
Let's say the entry price is $10k.
To most people on this board and most people in general, $10k is more than they have in crypto to begin with.
Most probably wouldn't even pay $100 to get into a PnD group.But there are a lot of millionaires in the world who can spare $10k for a good opportunity.
No, it was a ddos attack on a pathetic 1mb blocksize max, as well as a pump and dump, as well as a hashrate coup, as well as a retracement on the last three weeks' hardfork bull run.
4313465Fuck off you stupid niggers.
It's a free pump and dump group.
You can just enter dva in telegram and join
i worked at this sushi place where one guy blew a few grand on sushi.
It's decentralize.
It's die hard.
good call, jumped into ETH for safety at 2K and going to sleep.
Good luck anons.
get good rest and don't get dumped on after 2100
Goals af

This was nothing more than FUD.
An intentional "leak."
It's already surpassed $2100 and still mooning
Nice FUD
% increase everytime I refresh and they still think its going to a "massive correction" AHHAHAHAHHA
w-what does he mean by this ?
It's not a "fake leak" They're pretty open about this stuff.
Koreans post here shilling their channel all the time.I saw the telegram invite link three times today.
I sold at 550 (right before the super pump started) HAHAHAHAHAAA
they said if it starts trading sideways.
shit does not look sideways to me lol
4313983literally
actually thinking you can stop an runaway pump like this.Everybody is panicking at this point and converting all their BTC to BCH, top kek
its from a p and d group they scam a bunch of people all the time DO NOT LISTEN TO THEM
holy shit