>https://blockchain.info/unconfirmed-transactionsThe absolute stubbornness to adapt or even listen to conflicting ideas will be core's downfall.also r/bitcoin in shambles and I love it.>t.
chaotic evil
the savior of crypto coming through
it doesn't have to adapt if its just a store of value>t.
core :^)
Only Rural and Suburban Retards Voted for BCH

imagine going to a potentially multi million dollar conference, Looking and dressed like that.
so, what does bitcoin do?>>it's like a digital currency, right?>no, it just stores value it's like gold :D>actually it's even more useless than gold because gold has real world purposes
This.
For fuck's sake buy ETH.>inb4 it's centralizedNo it's not, it's open source just like everything fucking else.
The figurehead Vitalik is just a developer and spokesperson like any other.>inb4 it's unsecureETH has never had security problems.
People using ETH who aren't fucking thorough enough have created shitty smart contracts with flaws in them completely unrelated to ETH itself.
kek
It is centralized because king money skel has too much sway
BTC MOONING HARD BCH IN THE DIRT HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
You realise BCH is the one that just tanked, right you stupid fuck?BTC killing it
that's how I know ETH is going to succeed anon.
the guy literally gives zero fucks.
he's pure weaponized autism and his goal is to create the world's largest and most successful blockchain, and that's someone I can get behind.
it's the same reason I still have a tiny bit of respect for people like luke-jr who is a psycho troglodyte looking jesus freak, but he stands up for what he believes in, just like vitalik.
lmao, you don't know what centralized means.second of all due to the complexity of the smart contracts and the absolute shit-tier programming language they are built on, the network is far from safe.
The fact that smart contracts are Turing complete should tell you something about how vulnerable smart contracts really are.Who the fuck wants 1 billion coins and a sub-par Russian 20yr old who rolls back the chain everytime they need a bailout.
Who the fuck wants 1 billion coins and a sub-par Russian 20yr old who rolls back the chain everytime they need a bailout.I love how bcore cucks think this is a bad thing.
odds are the ethereum foundation will give a big fuck you to the parity team on their most recent fuckup, but even still mass adoption cannot and will not ever take place on a 100% immutable blockchain.
mistakes happens, and the public and institutions NEED a way to roll back mistakes when they happen.
that's the only way mass adoption will ever happen.
code is law