>he doesn't realize what happens to LTC every time BTC settles from new ATH
i've got this .. better than btc :)
Gonna buy a bunch of these little shits
sat trough a 10% pull back, give me back my gains reeeee
rly going to moon?
Just look at the charts of BTC and LTC.
Every time BTC goes to correction after a new ATH, LTC moons because it's the fastest, easiest, and cheapest alt to use for making transfers across exchanges or to cash.LTC has been stable through this all, and is primed to moon once BTC settles.
Probably gonna moon into 3 digits but correct to $90
% of my portfolio is LTC, already accumulated through October.
Ready for that moon mission, thinking that I could pick up some more now that it's sub 65$ though
Is this real?
so when bitcoin hits 8k and starts to settle a little, ltc moons?
duh
This dude is actually right in some way
what do u guys think when will it happen?
pretty obvious Litecoin is going nowhere but down.
We had a small bounce when BTC dipped, but still lower than the previous bounce's highs, and now it's back on its way down, almost reaching the low of the prior dip, and then from there expect it to go lower.
I'd get out now while you can before you lose everything.
Yeah, I'm not betting against BTC anymore.
Held my bags last big run and lost so fucking much.
"lose everything" hahahahah
I'm trying to get out now actually.
I'll give it a few more days, maybe.
I've got 10 LTC and I'm ready for a pump and dump
maybe not lose everything, but lose out on gains while BTC moons.
Anyone holding Litecoin or any other shitcoin for the past three months has seen huge opportunity costs by being in shitcoins instead of the real thing
so when btc hits 8k, what would be the best decision to make
Going down>Not being able to read charts and denote the difference between BTC mooning and LTC dropping>Literally worse the exact same amount in USD and stayed stable throughout the "cashening">Thinks that this ATH of BTC will be any different from the last 30Lurk more and learn to read candles
More BTC
shows BTC/LTC when BTC goes up
literally a 3-4 month low>SELL SELL SELLGoddammit /biz/ literally is full of retards.
The "buy high - sell low " had a basis in reality after all
who cares if it "stayed stable" in USD terms.
Who cares about USD prices?
The LTCBTC pair is what matter and that trend is nowhere but down.
I mean, if you like missing out on gains, well more power to you.
For me though, I'd prefer seeing the value of my holdings grow rather than "stay stable".
Stably low.
literally has no idea how to read a chart.idiot.
okay, well give us your expert analysis on why the chart shows it's about to go up?
Saying "well it's been going down so surely it's about to reverse" hasn't worked out well for Liteies so far.
IT"S HAPPENING ALL HANDS ON DECK.
WAIT UTIL IT BREAKS .20THEN BUY IT.WE WILL BUY THE ATH SYSTEMATICALLY.