Being frugal with food good or bad?
i can eat for 2 weeks with 40$
I can live off $4 AUD a day, it's not healthy to maintain that diet and I'll just fucking die if I try to lol.but $40 on a burger that is just a shitty oversized patty in a faggot-bun, is IMO a bad investment.
Paying other people to feed you is a quick way to go broke.
Save your everyday food budget and ball out once in a while with a fine bitch.
Otherwise, eat rice at home.
I go to Chipotle every day for either lunch or dinner.
$10 a day.
$70 a week, $300 a month.
$3,600 a year.
man up and eat bush meat only.
Don't buy food that you don't prepare at home.
It's a waste of money.
Beans and rice are healthy and affordable.
ever wonder why asian bizboys have so much wealthits because the fuck their mother when they want fuck
Do you think Stacy enjoys your 99c meal better than Chad's $40 nyc burger?
where can I buy goodeat coins?
I want to buy delicious food for a slight discount only by using goodeat at accepted food vendors.
I mean, be frugal bro.
$40 for one person is ridiculaus.
I’d say £20 is the most I’d spent.
Unless I worked at some fancy shit firm where they eat out all the time.
oats>bananas>dried lentils>frozen spinach>canned tuna>peanut butterThat's literally all you need and will provide you with the nutrients your body needs.
Probably around €4,50 a day.You can also stop heating your apartment and move your bed and PC to the smallest bedroom instead.
Also remember to run your PC in energy mode, or use a laptop.
Only shower once a week and instead use a small towel to clean your armpits, dick, and butthole every day.
If you have a job, shit at work whenever you can and smuggle some rolls of toilet paper with you every now and then, just incase.
If you work at an office and you have those coffee pads you can also smuggle those since cofee is also rather expensive.
Wash your clothes by hand and dry them outside, make sure not to use too much washing powder either.
Shoplifting is also really easy and relatively safe if you don't look suspicious that is.
Try to do it during daytime since most supermarkets hire students and they only start working there in the afternoon, so less people patrolling around.
From my experience Aldi is always understaffed and depending on the layout shoplifingt from there is like stealing candy from a baby.
Caring about staciesI have a average girlfriend that loves me and genuinely cares for me, I don't need stacies.
I use about 40€ a week for food, I never eat out and eat well 3 times a day.All you need is pasta, oats, lentils, condiments you like to go with them and veggies/fruits.
I've never had a meal over $40>Apparently that is considered cheapThanks for making me feel more of a poorfag than I already did.
Agree with the food stuff and heating 100% but man the showering stuff is bogus.
People should be showering once a day, whether or not you want to no-poo is your call (I think that's retarded as well but whatever).It's so easy to look and see who isn't showering everyday because generally 1) you look like you haven't showered and 2) we can fucking smell you.
Yeah I have been trying to bring lunch to work twice a week but man I swear saving the 4 dollars a day isn't worth the hour of work (cooking, cleaning).
Bringing your lunch to work is really only cost effective if you are eating $15+ a day lunches.
We grilled your bun AND your burger, Enjoy!
Tuna has too much mercury in it, it's horrible for you.
True but that's the cheapest "healthy" animal protein you can find.
Then just fucking eat beans, we don't NEED to eat animal protein.
Lentils are crazy healthy for you.
Tuna tastes like shit anyway.
see I eat tuna sometimes, it's really good with olive oil and tabasco.
Consuming no essential Omega 3 fatty acids.
(DHA and EPA form)Enjoy brain shrinkage.
Sardines are healthier than tuna tho.
omega 3 supplements are cheaper than fish.
I honestly just hate fish in general, though.
Tuna especially.
I eat a diet of pure queen bee jelly.
Get on my level plebs.
Pizza hut has 50% off any large pizzas bought a taco and bbq brisket last night bretty good
hook a brotha up with some bch /biz/ anything helps 18ZTKndVPAwRWejR9QnH3b595SHgzW4PyP
not eating flax seeds ,an incredible source of omega 3, instead of disgusting fish oil
billionaire>crooked teeth
I eat a diet of pure bee food.
I steal it out of the beehives.
$0 a day on food, I win.
Money can't cure stupid.
Two minute noodles and vegemite toast?
I was doing that for a while so fucking depressing