ICO'S ARE DEAD.
NO MORE.
NADA ZIP ZILCH NICHT NIEN.
BITCOIN CASH IS THE LAST GREAT MOON MISSION.
THAT IS ALL.
Good.
Less scams, less shitty coins.
fake news
>America is the world.Uh no, sweety.
No they won't lmfao.
They'll just register their companies in different coutnries or exclude Americans like they already do.
We've been internationally blacklisted by virtually every company from buying ICOs for months already.
This doesn't change anything, retard.
more forks
Yeah sugar plumb.
Doesn't mean a thing.
that is why BCH hit $1400 on Asian servers in the last 5 minutes.
You will not the news is less than 18 minutes old.
You better stop flapping that semi pretty trap, and go buy BCH, Hon.
Note* Shaking with adrenaline.
This.
Is.
Huge.
It's incredible how the government sits there so pompously and yet so ignorant
eh, all an ICO has to do is have an effect on 1 American and they suddenly have the ability to take the whole thing down, prosecuting the orchestrates, ect.
it's called minimum contact.
Basically if you sell a security to an America, you have to obey US securities laws or the SEC will get mad
it's literally down since the news.
from 1250 in 18 minutes on my screen lying faggot.
UK here, fatclaps aren't welcome in the moon club
aaaaaaaaaand just broke through $1300.
Better shut your trap and go get some.
Welcome to crypto.
Seems like you just started.
Before trying to get rich off this big new thing you hear on the news why don't you investigate what you're investing into.
Thanks and enjoy your stay.
faggots.
Dumb motherfucker.
By the time you "investigate", its to late.
Bask to your stocks newfreind.
Heade for $1400 in a few minutes.
Asians just hit $1500.
Nice try to lower the price, Pajeet.ICOs were completely illegal in USA before this announcement.
Now they can be seen as securities.
Is this bad news or good news, mommys little brainlet?
hes not actually doing it yet, just saying it seems like it is similar.
until he actually does it, its FUD.
vpn who cares
FAIR WARNING FAGGOTS.
IM DUMPING BCH AT 1380.
BUY BACK SUNDAY NIGHT AT 1120
United States is ONE countrySEC operates in ONE countryThis is far from the end with billions of targets
>Americans where already banned from ICOsEverybody ICO tells Americans to fuck off>SEC tells ICOs to register, ICOs do not care and continue to bar AmericansWow what a great idea to cripple a new and growing market!
Long love Murica
Sucks for Americans I guess.