so I've heard of the book "Never eat alone" and the other day I was thinking, eating lunches with others is a great way for entrepreneurs to meet people and for business owners to garner new ideas and perspectives, and have just had the great drunken thought (while browsing /ck/), a thread for people to post where they live, and if someone nearby is also around, they could meet for lunch/beers and get networking/talking etc.P.s.
tfw this thread would garner much more attention if I was any good at long form copy
so, I'll go first,Sunshine coast / Brisbane, Australia
>going outside>meeting people
Newcastle, Australiain "where do you live" threads on biz ive never seen another novocastrian.
they are all busy browsing aus/pol/ by the looks of it :(
That's not great advice.
It's inconvenient and unbecoming to talk over lunch.
You're better off being quick and maybe read while you chew
Right here bro!
Was just in at the foreshore today, bloody mess will all the v8 crap everywhere.
Lancaster, UKGetting dangerously close to /soc/ territory here
reading is all well and good anon, but meeting people isn't just meeting people, it opens up opportunities, I fell into the reading trap, still am in it.
Reading is great, but you need to do something with the knowledge you gain, time to apply it.I do agree on inconvenient to talk over lunch, that's why I suggested beers too.
Who gives a fuck what it is, golfing, drinking, eating, just meeting others is a great way to get out there.I've seen a few but not in biz, not sure where
4358215Hey other AusfagsSydney reporting in
oh shit would you look at that!
i havent seen it yet, are you attending the 500?birmingham gardens here
Fellow sydfag here
Hahaha i thought i was the only person on the sunshine coast to browse this garbage website.
we aus/biz/ now
where abouts anon?
Hooley dooley pickle me grandmother there's a lot of fucking Aussies in hereMelb here, no I don't drink flat white chai latte with a sprig of mint and no sugar, just manuka honey.Literally no point in these threads, I have no money, obscure skills, and no matter how good or well thought out my business proposals are there's no fucking way at this point in my life I could pitch it in a coherent enough form.What we're gonna end up with is a circle jerk of 12 programmers, and 12 Big 4 consultants who might talk shop but make no real moves.
Lived in Australia most of my life (not by choice), thanks to crypto I can leave this racist, nanny state, tall poppy syndrome, loose cunt shit hole; you can keep this shit hole
fuck up cunt
Bris fag reporting in
>Networking>Entrepreneurs>on /biz/Where the hell do you think you are?
Where in Bris, I'll be there from Thurs- weekend.chan, the place that has caused some of the world's best happenings.
Where the fuck do you think you are?
Enjoy wage cucking in an overpriced country that is completely irrelevant both in international trade and policy, soon as the minerals that American companies profit off are gone Australia will resemble its depiction in Mad Max; “but nooo we make the best heart valves” fuck off
Where are you going anon?
America or Switzerland?
Prague, Czech Republic
Ok, makes sense.
doesnt work, i tried to meet a fellow /biz fag at my uni like 6 weeks ago and he never came.it was annoying because the kids had finished school and i had nowhere to drop them off, luckily vitalik was in the neighbourhood and he offered to mind them for me while i waited.
central Florida USA checking in
Southern IN here: (
Greeting from beatiful Athens Greece fags
eat lunch alone at your desk like the wagie you are
Saaf Landan UK here
I actually completely agree and have toyed with the idea of leaving, where are you going to go?