Give me another crypto that satisfies the following aside from ETH and LINK.
Go on fudders.>first mover>corporate interest>general use-case (any project can use it like Confido and Request Network)>meme hype
Nice thumbnail
>general use-casename 15protip : you can't
kek can anyone even give another crypto that matches the following criteria?
no?
RCN, MCO
Kek says no they can't apparently.
brainlet, link can be used for any task that requires smart contracts to access data outside the blockchain
RCN>MCOare you retarded?
the absolute state of nolinkersKek is on our side
he can't name a use case
) trustless gambling dapps 2) smart contracts that require weather3) smart contracts that handle fiat4) smart contracts that use news as data5) smart contracts that track coin pricesThe list goes on, just anything that requires external data you fucking brainlet.
Ever wonder why smart contracts are currently only mainly used for ICOs?
thats not use cases anyone really wants or needs tho.
literally none of those require decentralized oracles100% of those can be done right now with the tech we already haveabsolutely no corporation is sitting around and thinking "gee I wish we could decentralize our oracle that gets weather information.
seeing how crucial the weather data is to our operation and how often hackers attack the weather websites"your shitcoin is useless
what?
you fucking brainlets.
smart contract platforms are supposed to be fucking trustless programmable platforms.
they should be able to do anything you can do with Java, Python, etc trustlessly.However their use case is confined to handling data in the blockchain (token creation and transfers).
There are centralized oracles but that would make the dapp not completely trustless so whats the point?
For example, etheroll uses Oraclize.
If Oraclize gets compromised, the bets in etheroll would be fucked.
he has no uses cases for smart contracts and can't explain why we need them
are you saying there is an oracle problem?
Whatever troll, this is my last reply to you.
smart contracts should be able to do whatever a centralized application made in Java, Python, etc trustlessly.
ETH and other smart contract platforms cant do that without LINK.
Thats as general as it gets when it comes to use-cases.
You must be a special kind of retard.
Even the densest fudder doesn't attack the idea of decentralized oracles because they then have to explain why Swift considers them so valuable and why a multibillion dollar corporation was singing it's praises.
Are you ready to FUD Swift and a multi billion dollar corporation?
Or are you going to be a good boy and just FUD the token itself?
I'm not gonna lie guys, I am so confused between whether or not to throw 10k at Link.
I genuinely feel like it could be great, the poeple that come here to FUD wouldn't waste their time if they didn't believe in it, and It just seems like the most logical moon mission to come out of 2017.
I'm just having so much trouble discerning the real from the fake info.
so what is it used for?
link can be used for any taskThere is a HUGE fucking difference between "can" and "will.
"And it will only be used for one thing, and that is in Swift's system.
Nothing else.
>Swift considers them so valuableSwift considers the network itself to be valuable.
The price of the tokens themselves don't matter at all to Swift.
so what is it used for?kek you motherfucker....
 Jesus cmon, who's teaching the FUDding these days?Everyone knows with LINK you attack the TOKEN UTILITY, not the decentralized oracles.
Christ.
This is FUD 101, attack the token utility when the tech checks out.
Then you move onto insulting the dev team.
I swear nubiz are useless.Come on.
Try again.
Even though we have answers for the token utility, it's still open to subjection.
stop dancing around my questions like the binance bot does around your sell/buy orders.
give me examples of what a smart contract is needed for and general use cases.
If the network is being used, the tokens will become valuable.Who the fuck cares what swift thinks.
Nice digits mate
Anything that needs to be shilled this much is something I'll never buy
i set up a oracle to monitor my water usage when i flush my toilet
 So you weren't around for eth then no?
lmao take your 6 months of crypto and piss off then pajeet.
smart contracts should be able to do whatever a centralized application made in Java, Python, etc trustlesslyyou have no idea what you are talking about, unless you're shits-in-the-street retarded you would never let code execute trustlesslysmart contracts will never do what a centralized application does, smart contracts will never offer a better solution for an already solved issuesmart contracts are, however, a ponzi scheme and may be used as such
The tokens are already valuable.
About $0.20 USD valuable.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHA
smart contracts are, however, a ponzi scheme and may be used as suchYeah anon, you sound smarter than billion dollar IT companies.
Shouldnt have called smart contracts ponzi schemes bro and just used some other FUD.
Disgusting brainlets
It really is baby bitch shit.
Fudders have already conceded that decentralized oracles are revolutionary.
They have to focus on the token and yell about the team and project being beaten to the market by others somehow.They are right though.
It's why ETH failed so spectacularly.
BTC could already do basic smart contracts so they decided crush ETH by forking to handle complex contracts and then ETH faded into obscurity.
Same thing will happen here.
tell me one singular thing that smart contracts can do better than an already existing solutionill wait
Isnt their only competitive advantage being decentralized.
it makes the existing solutions trustless you motherfucking brainlet.
why are you even in crypto you stupid piece of shit.
the whole point of crypto is trustlessness by decentralization
why need that?
give examples where this is useful
t. brainlet here, why is trustlessness neededyou stupid motherfucker, get out of crypto now.
he can't give examples or answer my questions
You're basically asking the most retarded question every nocoiner has asked.
You fucking retard.
Why is trustlessness needed?
It eliminates the middleman which not only prevents the task to be compromised but would also significantly eliminate the cost of having a middleman.
Fucking brainlet.
No one cares, its not april anymore the hype for smartcontracts is over
Can someone explain to me what gives the Chainlink token value?
What will it be used for?
I understand what the project is setting out to do but where does the token fit in to it all?
the hype for smartcontracts is overits just getting started nigger.
and LOL at not being able to name another crypto that fits the criteria i mentioned.
decentralization isnt really an advantage in most cases, it is for distributed hosting for things like "le cloud storage" and de-centralized tradeits good for censorship resistance and crime usually, also cost efficient and maybe even beneficial to those who host it, if generated income is distributed between contributorsyikes, jesus christ do you even know what trustless means you fucking normiei can name two things that smart contracts can be used for, that probably offer a more robust foundation than a centralized solution, and they dont sound good for the ones with money and powerfile hostingblack marketin either case, since it being trustless, open source, and de-centralized, there are huge security concerns due to slow updating of the entire network, one malicious/deprecated host and the entire network is likely vulnerableunironically consider self harm, anon
yeah you just lost all credibility, the moment you called smart contracts as ponzis.
you think a fag like you with a waifu really knows more than billion dollar IT companies that praise smart contract technology?
sooo what is it used for?
What does it matter if theres no demand?
there is no real life use case for smart contracts.
ever noticed how nobody can really tell what a smart contract is needed for?
no demand for smart contractskek there is a large demand for smart contracts especially in the corporate scene you faggot and its just starting now, stay poor.
SIBOS was all about blockchain tech for fucks sake.
do you know what the le ebyg gorillion dollar companies think when they hear the word smart contract?they think its a great way to reduce cost for their stupid ass shit, and oh wait, "we're going to offer you interest for staking/contributing in our "le gread thing" and theres more, if you get your friends involved you will gain an interest bump/instant rewarddont worry we wont backdoor this shit and nor will we use it as a means to collect metadata from your node and sell it to third partiesYou can trust us.™its a literal ponzi scheme once big corporations get involved, they want you to pay for storage, bandwidth, and electricity while they reap all the benefits and you shit in the streets saying "i earned $5 this month with this great smart contract <reference number>"kill yourself
muh corporate backdoor>cannot be trusted>literal ponzi schemeahh you truly are the stereotypical nocoiner during the early days.
you basically just shilled why smart contracts are very much needed faggot.
So no one knows what the token will be used for?
no i put money in them as i believe normies will eat that shit up like never beforeactually praising them for something they arent is platinum retarded thoughand it does nothing to change the fact that there isnt really anything they really can do better than a centralized solutioncp, drugs, guns, human trafficking, piracy, maybe personal cloud storage and communication, nothing that really benefits the places that actually matter
It doesn't need to be.
We do it as an act of love.
will you feed my node?
sorry, chainlink token will likely derive its value from taking a cut of the transactions it will process
Good to know you're not a pajeet.