hey biz!i am currently considering doing an apprenticeship for £187.50 a week which would be £750 a month i was thinking i could take out a loan and buy land with it.
i can comfortably pay of the loan with the £750
£187.50 a week, lmao
Is That Low?
inb4 "just buy LINK lmao"Yeah sounds like a decent plan.
Won't make you super rich unless the land has serious development value but given you're presumably 16-20ish you're more switched on than most your age and it would put you well ahead of your peers.
Given you've not said what you plan to do with the land I'd recommend building up a deposit and buying a flat which you can rent out to cover mortgage and (when that's done) enjoy passive income from tenants - that's assuming you're still living with parents and could continue doing so for a few years.
just loan as much as you can and invest it into crypto, get 100% gains first and pay off the loan then continue making gains
t. student paying £15,000+ a year to get a degree in soft subject/useless spunktrumpet born into rich family.Apprentices tend to start when they're 16, and that wage is vs getting in debt like retards who fall for the college meme and will result in wage which - once qualified at 22yo - which most graduate careers won't offer at 30.
working 8 hours a day 5 days a week at the start of 16 years old, I will kill myself literally if I had to do that with a shitty pay
(OP) lmao could do physics maths and comp science A level but want that money
just be a NEET and make money of crypto instead of being a wagecuck.
The real question is who tf is borrowing almost 20k of unsecured debt to someone making £187.50 per week and ~20?
id just do it through family
Its memes like this that make me wonder if everyone on this site is legit underaged.
Have you ever actually met any working professionals?
They work the exact same fucking hours.
It literally doesn't matter what path you choose you'll be stuck working 5-6 days a week regardless.
Only difference is how "respectable" your job is.