Once normies find out their $6000-7000 per BTC investment not only destroyed their savings, but won't even let them move their money for days while it tanks...It's going to seem like a scam to them.Then comes complaints.Then comes bad press.Then comes crackdown, regulations, etc.At best, how will this not create a prolonged bear market?God I fucking hate Roger Ver and Jihan whatever.
won't even let them move their money for days while it tanksThere's only one side to blame here.
Just move into something safer like Decred.
Don't act like such a little bitch.
It's over.
The crypto dream is now unattainable.
Back to wagecuckibg and Roth 401ks
no but its time to kys op
https://discord.gg/UfFpXa pump
you mean the one spamming the blockchain with tens of thousands of useless transactions?
yupbtc transaction times were fine a week ago, longer than needed in the long term if it was to be a real currency, but fine for people moving large amounts
Virgins(social shutins, aka 95 of you) n this market dont fucking get itWhat you said is 100% spot on OP.
You even have sad pathetic pump and dumper advertising his scam discord in your threadIts over for crypto
It would be safer to move to XMR than back to fiat.
With fiat you are guaranteed to lose value.
but won't even let them move their money for days while it tanks...Because they are probably trying to stem the bleed in the hope that it will stop, by actively fucking with the market.
Why?
Because the money isn't there to let everyone cash out....like a bank run.
Did anyone seriously believe there was enough liquidity in the exchanges to deal with crashes this big??
This could bring everything down.
Shill me on Decred
I have had a lot of fun with this crypto shit but it is over.
Unload your bags and bail.
If you want to escape wage cucking create a product or service and sell it.
As long as you bring things from the unformed into the formed you will prosper.
Don't worry about money or a plan too much at first just start creating what ever it is you can.Are you good at coding?
start writing code.
Got carpentry skills?
Start making shit.
Stick at it and soon it will grow into a business.
Trust me anons you can make it without a get rich quick.
The surname is CHING, CHONG, OR CHONG.
Does forking count as creating a product?
Technically yes.
implying I'm not living in a socialist euro country in which taxing is progressive so my company will just get taxed to hell and being a wagecuck I earn the same money whether my paycheck says 3k or 4k
And the faggots who created it profited.
Theory sound
If you constantly come up with excuses as to why you can't make it instead of how to make it in spite of any hurdle, you're not gunna make it
The normies money was already on coinbase though, they had probably already dumped by the time the autist had made it to his first internet money key hiding spot
If shit is this easily manipulable, and this unpredictable, then it needs to die.
This is gambling, with the winners thinking they're """investment geniuses""" and the losers getting shit on for betting wrong.
Fuck, it's worse than gambling.
At least you know the odds in gambling.
In this, you have no idea what you're getting into.
Shit with good technology and platforms, adopted by corporations, tanks.
Or moons.
Meanwhile fucking POTcoin moons.
Or tanks.Really, fuck this shit.
Unless it has interest like the Ethereum Alliance, I don't want to hear about it.
He's right.
You call it a hurdle, but it's a wall.
You work for money.
If you do not get to keep your money, you will not bother working.
It would actually be negative to work more, just for it to be stolen.
Sorry but people will never accept cryptos.
90% of people don't understand it, find it unstable, scammy, and a waste of time.
The other 10% want to just try and use it to exploit the other 90% A fiat currency without the backing of a state is never going to happen because of this.
You could argue the dollar is used by the elite to scam the proles of wealth but at least its tangible, universally accepted and relatively stable.
Another nail in the coffin to anarchocapitalism
this guy got it, it's really discouraging to spend time and effort in hopes of a better paycheck when in reality the government will only steal more of your hard earned money eventually.I would likely have to double my salary from 4k a month to 8k a month to see a _significant_ rise in my real income since the taxing gets progressively worse the more you earn.it's gotten to the point where some people have to refuse pay rises becouse it would put them in a higher tax bracket and they would end up losing money
Buddy, it’s at $6k.
Do you realize that normies aren’t even aware of the price drop yet?
This has literally occurred in the span of the fucking weekend.This board really needs to zoom out.
They said the same shit about computers.
It will eventually get to the point where the general public can grasp it.
All jokes aside if Facebook made a cryptocurrency would buy in.
bought Lunyr and MyBIT because they are in the alliance.>they tank.yep, total fucking gamble.
I would hate this coin...But I’d buy it
yeah we are still in the "wild west" era of crypto currency.
More risk but huge rewards if you invest correctly.
The user friendly age will come with adoption, but that's still 10+ years out.
This is the beginning of the bear market.
I love these because everyone here had the chance to buy Bitcoin sub $1000 for literally years, but they were to stupid and/or lacked the confidence to do it.
Now after LARP'ing as investment geniuses for the past year they are going to get crushed.
God do I love the crypto bloodbath when it comes.
Prepare your assholes fuckboi's, the next few years of crypto are going to be ugly.
Yeah, which is why I'm thikning there's still time to leave.If BTC goes to 3000, your entire alt coin portfolio etc is now worth half if you cash out, so gg
the jews.
There are only two sides to normies:crypto vs fiatthey no nothing about internal politics
You think you can get rid of me that easily?
FUCK YOU this is my job now.
I'M HERE TO STAY!
REEEEEEEEEEEEE!
Are you making this shit up?
That's not how tax brackets work.
Was up 10K.
Now I'm still up 5K, could still exit completely right now and take my 5K.
Give me a good reason not to sell my BTC 'bags'
the next few years of crypto are going to be ugly.>tries to predict market for the next years>for years>YEARS>in cryptoYou are trash
> not buying $ZRX> staying poorchoose onein the gold rush, it's best to sell shovelsbuy decentralized exchange protocolsyour last chance anonscheers
dont give up !
We are all gonna make It remember?
Full of lambos and beautiful womenWe are ALL gonna make it
sell your moon tickets and become another failed entrepeneur
everyonethe investment geniuses have really been triggering me this year though, first half was a fucking nightmare, i tried to warn them they are still retards but they refused to accept it because they had "made" x times their "money".
if this is the mother crash i will still have comfort in these faggots being brought back down to earth, the lesson will be worth more than the money in the long run.
Lol that fucking screenshot
You sound incredibly nervous.
Getting Justed?
Didn't have any BCH?
Remember 2013-2015?
That was the last Bitcoin bear market.
Go check the charts.
It was terrible for everyone involved.
You are obviously new to this.
Yeah I find this hilarious as well.
But this isn't my first crypto bubble and this is the same as last time.
Last cycle I was one of those "geniuses" but I learned my lesson.
The thing I love about markets is they don't give two shits about how much emotional damage they cause to a person, they do as they will and crush those in their path.
This where the boys are separated from the men.
I had the exam same thought.
The reality is with the amount of speculators in crypto rn, if no new money enters the market, its bear time.
And with current events, why would any new money enter the market rn?
It wouldnt suprise me to see BCH go up to 2000 tonight, come back down, and then dwindle to 1k, while bitcoin slowly leaks to 4.xk.
This could take months.
I can handle the risks of a bear market so I've sold all my crypto tonight.
Im up 300% thanks to BCH, although, if I had sold last night, I would have been up 500%..
Still happy.
Good luck guys!
It's not even a crash you faggot sit the fuck back down and shut the fuck up because this ride is continuing for another decade
Yet no one factors in the billions of dollars linked to cc fraud and drugs that criminals can't get out fast enough cause of the feds.
The trick is to buy ETH you fucking normies.
So which major exchange has ran off with everyone's btc this time?
"You are obviously new to this.
">compares 2013 crash caused by the only 1 shitty exchange getting busted to 2017's infraestructure
THIS.
ETH and ER20 tokens are the real moonshot
So you're one of those "geniuses" who sold at 3k during the China fud expecting a fall back to triple digits?
Get off y5oir high horse faggot you're just as dumb ass everyone else here
God I fucking hate Roger Ver and Jihan whatever.
(((blockstream))) fucks over everybody, Jihan and others want just bigger blocks like satoshi described.
>people loose their shit and call other people communistsThe BTC devs are/blockstream are just as much to blame for this disaster with the cancellation of the B2X ForkWtf did people think would happen if blockstream blowed of bitcoins scaling plans so they can earn more shekels with lightning and other bullshit.Now the community is divided again between Bitcoin and Bitcoin Cash, Small vs Big blocks.And both sides are not moving back 1 inch on their view of Bitcoin.THERE WAS A FUCKING COMPROMISE, B2X WHAT THE FUCK!?
?SERIOUSLY WHAT THE FUCK DID YOU THINK WOULD HAPPEN YOU ABSOLUTE DUMB SHITS?>Oh k nvm we do not need a scaling solution anymore
You like like an anglo-saxon 65 year old boomer faggot.
Go die already.
You seem angry.
It's their fault our technology is shit!!!
!If it all collapses you did this to yourself
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=njgEtOHRencI know for damn sure this shit is a mess because Ive noticed alot more advertisements for cryptocurrencies and all types of morons are now getting into it.But I dont think the normies understand how bitcoin works at all, they just see $$$.
Being this butthurt>t.
JUSTin Trudeau
nah, ETH as it is right now doesn't have a bright future imo.
Wait for another fork so that they fix all the flaws, then hoard whatever its successor will be.
lol so we should celebrate bitfinex printing tether to articially pump the price of this shitcoin just so normies dont get scared and runaway?
kekfuck em, you throw money at something get ready to lose, this is not a safespace
Do people really believe shit like "1 million dollars per coin" ?
When there are lots of celebrities and tv-people shouting that something is going to hit a gazillion bazillion it's time to fucking leave.
Roger Ver and Jihan are already fucking millionaires at this pointWhy would they give a shit about the rest of us?
Exactly, and they are going to experience a 40% crash eventually and shit a brick.
Perhaps, but for the time being it is more stable than the Bitcoins
Shits over.
Hope you made money
Faggots tonguing their own shitters for winning a gamble piss me off too.
But what we really need is a mass extinction of alts.
We need no more than maybe 10 of the coins out there.
4331252Perfectly reasonable position at the time.
Crypto is gambling.
Because your tiny brain cannot handle multitasking.
Shut the fuck up.... god damn you're all faggots and parasites.
There is maybe one truly intelligence person out of 200 here.... FUCK YOU
You're right, but something being better than shit doesn't mean that that thing isn't itself shit.It would be safer to move to XMRXMR's price has been doing weird stuff since August, I'd hide my money somewhere else if I was you.
>got into ANOTHER THING too late
Looks at these anglos.
God damn they stick out of the crowd.
Misery, depression, faggotry, female attitude, sperg.
This whore house is filled with anglos.
You have know idea how tax works you fucking idiot.
Also if you don't like it, get better at hiding money or fuck off to communism.
How would you sell it?
Srs question.
All those pending transactions are going to beat you to the punch.
By the time yours gets through blood will be in the streets
Are you anglo-saxon...
I can always tell.
You faggots are the whiniest faggots in the history of mankind.
You all sperg 24/7 the exact same way.
Read your faggot sperg comment for the perfect example.
Did you know anglos are the reason White People get a bad rep?
You faggots have ruined White People.
People associate Anglo faggotry with 'White', but it's really just Anglo faggotry.
No other White People act like Anglo faggots do.I hate every single god damn Anglo-American, British-Anglo cunt face little bitch.
You're not smart, you're not clever, you're not witty... you're a cunt face little bitch and the entire world is going to fucking bury you.inb4 "nigger".... bitch England's commonwealth is 90% nigger.
You've been niggering it up for 300 years.
lol, What is your problem with Anglos?
Did your girlfriend leave you for one?
t. "Irish"-American
Are you anglo-saxonAre you jewish?
And?
4331863Low test anglos detected
Are you anglo-saxon?
if so, you're half shlomo.
Trump is German-Scottish-AmericanBut I agree, Anglos are pretty annoying
Wearing a nazi uniform and taking offense to anti-Anglo sentiment.
Are you legit retarded?
4331956Oh (you)
I know, I just kept it strictly Scottish in order to trigger these anglo-faggots even more.
(((The British)))
Dude I'm an Aussie we give a fuck about "heritage" or "religion" or any of that gay shit.
You should save that Anglo Saxon bs for the 2 little bitchs that read your blog.
Can we just ban Australian IP's already?
Your post went over my two sentence limitation.Low T = Low energy
And this is why I am glad that I will never be a europoor faggot.
You fags do it to yourself
too lateman if you dont get in today you will lose all your bitcoin
kek based post anglos confirmed for non-white
Brainlet /pol/ster here.I've autistically browsed /pol/ for over ~3 hours nearly every day, around the same times, and never seen anything about bitcoin until today.
Thought I'd share it.
mainstream media is here its over
This same argument could have been made against internet business 25 years ago
Not even remotely
This system is obvious but it doesn't work unless the market on average is trending up.
You will hit way more stop losses than big payouts, they will average out to the market average gain
This seriouslyBoth sides are to be blamedFuck Blockstream for not compromising or caring about users at all just so they can earn more off their shitchain solutions.
Guess what neckbeards, if the whole market along with btc is worthless then so are your shitty sidechains.
Real nice job with the [NO2X] propaganda ruining the only good compromiseFuck Ver, Jihan and the mining cartel.
Acting like such nice guys that care about keeping bitcoin usable and cheap so everyone can use it, but then at the same time manipulating the market and causing all the small investors that don't have inside knowledge to lose money.Fuck you all greedy pieces of shit.Bitcoin Cash is also a bullshit fork.
It should have never added replay protection and we could have seen right then and there which one the market prefers without this shit happening todayMaybe it is time for ethereum to step up.
Yeah yeah muh immutability and all that bullshit.
The truth is that dealing with eth transactions is a much more pleasurable thing than dealing with btc, it seems to be better suited for everyday payments together with plasma/omg etc.
Some people here don't like Vitalik but IMO he is the smartest and most genuine guy in the whole crypto industry.
yeah, it's a ponzi scheme, the goal is to ride as long as possible before it pops, but once you're certain it's popped, there's no way to pull out, because everyone else is trying to do the same thing.
>Bitcoin's price is higher than ever>Everyone losing their minds over a small dipLmao.
Bitcoin was stable at 7200 and it's 6000 now.
Wow.
Such crash!
Lmao you faggots do this all the time.
You honestly don't deserve crypto gains.
Soon BTC moons to 10k and all my alts will rise atleast 1000%
Wishing for people's downfall like a bitter bitch Lol.
I'm gonna keep buying and keep accumulating no matter what just to spite you, nocoiners kek
kek I'm not in either BTC or BCH, fuck that centralised shit lmao
my wish is that all /biz makes it anon
It's going to seem like a scam to them.Of course it's a scam.
The one arena people can do whatever the fuck they like with no oversight is going to be a clusterfuck of scams.
You fucks here are doing the basic bitch version of this here all the time, shilling some random shitcoins.
There will be people with actual money and brains that fuck with the bigger cryptos for their own gains, because there is nobody to stop them and they can make a killing doing it.
"when the shoeshine boys have tips, the market is too popular for its own good" - some old rich cunt
That's not how marginal tax rates work.
why did I laugh at this?
when the savages lived in Britain, my great Jew ancestors were mutilating baby dicks and sucking them and worshiping Moloch
WRONG
that saying came from someone who used "i heard the shoeshine boy talking, this was my exit signal" as a coverup for insider trading
What does 'justed' mean.
Please can an anon help me out
lurk moar
I'm 100% bitcoinnigger but this argument is such shit.
If that is possible, then there is a problem.
PERIOD.
It needs to be dealt with.
You have a point but every crypto would fail under those conditions also banks would crash if there was a run on them as wellvolume of traffic matters all currencies have weaknesses
FUCK YOU.
I have been lurking here for ages but this faggotry hasnt been explained
here you go buddyhttp://knowyourmeme.com/memes/brendan-fraser-s-alimony-just-fuck-my-shit-up
thank you
 great devs
Normies keep their crypto on exchanges.
They can sell it whenever they want to.
Your whole theory goes to shits.
We'll miss your pink wojacks
I work full time in microtransactions dealing with users who are new to crypto.I can tell you without a doubt, a lot of new users to crypto just have no idea what they're doing.
They dont understand the addresses, the wallets, the exchanges.
I dont know what the answer is to it all but I imagine the less tech savvy will just get louder and louder in their complaints as they stumble around and lose.
Are you surprised to find (((Anglos))) where there’s smell of money?
Unconfirmed transactions are going down.
Once BCH dies and the transaction go back to normal we will hit 10k.
What's this