Who here cant sleep?
I think the flippening actually started.
Im afraid I will sleep and shit will go rogue.Just went all in on BCH, but will be watching carefully.
All in... Bruh...
dude this is too much of a chance to let it slip
fuck your mother

The flippening has definitely started.People are liquidating btc before it breaks below 7k, and are buying BCH.It hasn't even begun to moon, and BTC hasn't even begun to tumble.
In the exact same position.
Need to sleep for class but I'm too afraid I'll wake up to BCH +$1000
>mfw brainlet core dicksuckers are stuck bagholding a $7000 shitcoin while we get in on the real bitcoin at a measly $700
if you want fuck
Lol smart money thought we were going to get this after the 14th.
2x getting cancelled just brought BCH's rise quicker.
Bitcoin Cash is Bitcoin.
deluded salty altys actually believe this
Jihan Wu was one of the guys who canceled 2x.
What a sneaky motherfucker.
Lol.
Just wait buddy.BCH is about to perform a coupe
Just bought 8 BCHWill I make it anons?
Whale here, poured 100 BTC in, got a lot in the back burner still.
I think you've honestly got a very significant amount of time.
Weeks to months.You'll see dumb fiat money rush into BTC and the ratio will fluctuate for a good while.
But as long as you see exchanges and services adding support for Bitcoin Cash, that's what's important.P.S.
If the price ever drops too much, summon me with your Planeteer rings.
THE POWER IS YOURS
Went all in, of too bed now.
IT'S FLIPPENING
Can anyone explain the value prop of BCH?
Satoshi's vision
Actually workable 8MB blocksize allows for fast cheap transactions to allow Bitcoin to be used as money>Community actually open to scaling on-chain as necessary should 8MB blocks fill consistently>not controlled by blockstream
so much green in this thread, we are gonna make it boys
Always been philisophically and economically behind BCH, now it's looking to be gaining community power as bitcoin 1x can barely even be used since its so slow and expensive.
Bitcoin cash won't flip.
Some whales accumulated it recently and have been shilling it, knowing they can draw in more buyers with the Bitcoin name than the average Pajeet Coin #258
I love you batman
I paid 8.50aud in fee to get btc onto polo to buy bch.
Fuck that.Any anons know the best android wallet for cash?
I don't trust these exchanges using usdt.
the crazy thing about this moon is that it may out do any moon ever.
If this was a normal I'd say 2k tops but when this hits 2k the amount of flippening fomo and fear of btc chain death spiral could we see a 7k bch this month?
Cafeastrology says a big spike in business success in January.
Maybe a new year's surprise.
Sold some monero and put a buy order in at $740.
Hopefully dips down a little, hits that and we're off.I don't know about a flippening, would be lovely, but I'm looking more at old time highs, selling around $900.
You've got a long way to go kiddo.
Get some sleep or stay deluded
Smart money bought at the bottom.
Got 500 BCH at 0.068.
Will cash out at 0.3.
Koreans have a different mentality than the West.
Koreans like utility over brand name.
That is why they are heavy on BCH and ETH, not so much on BTC.They wont change their opinions very easily
Coinomi is the best wallet for everything
You'll have 8 x 7k USD after the flippening.
Why not just go with something like Burst for fast and cheap?
newfag here
FUCK
You really think bch will reach that price?
Deluded cashies
How much faster can BCH transact?
what did he mean by this
Don't be stupid.
Nothing is flipping.
It's the fucking Koreans going crazy just like they did for ETH previously.
I heard stories of old people turning up at "investment" offices with bags full of cash.
Why can't you just be happy with your gains instead of creating constant boring FUD about shit no one cares about
If BCH takes over, I'll be part of the 21 BTC club
Lol, that basically means BCH will never beat BTC.
The flippening involves never cashing out your gains, essentially.
Not for a long time, anyway.
I really just went all in on biz hypeFUKIN KILL ME
Yes.
A few late whales move to BCH and you'll see simultaneous dump of BTC and pump of BCH.
It can happen very fast even over just a few hours..
No faster, blocks are still 10m.
But it has capacity for greater number of transactions per block.
FLIPPENINGTHIS IS OUR REAL CURRENCYBITCOIN IS UNUSABLE VIRTUAL GOLDBITCOIN CASH IS TRUE BITCOIN
Just know that this could dump at any moment.
I'd give it at least a day, at most 3 days until it starts plummeting.
be careful dude.
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHIs it really the flippening?BTC is dead?
Wait, is BCH really worth it?
How do I get in on that?
Convince me to drop 10k on BCH right now.
Go all in just like I did and we will ALL BE RICH.
LAMBOLAND HERE WE COME
Same, except poor fag so only sub 100.
Bitcoin core offers no scaling solution in the near (next few years) future, imagine $100 tx fees.Bitcoin cash offers scaling through blocksize increases (up to a certain point) and innovative new on-chain scaling solutions.
(e.g.
graphene block compression)
just dyori've been spittin facts for a few daysi'm even starting to feel like a shill, so i'm not saying anything at this time
bitcoin cash>graphene block compressionSource?
>.105 BTCfuck offit's done this numerous times before and every time the pump failsdifficulty adjustments don't mean shit
I dont have a source but why the fuck not, Bitcoin cash is no longer encumbered by the politics of Blockstream and Bitcoin Core.
We can improve the protocol quickly now and ensure Bitcoin (Cash) stays king of crypto
Alright lads, when's the moon?
Years?
Months?
Next week?
In an hour?
Personally, this doesn't make sense.BCH blocks take quite a while to go through.
Over an hour to be a matter a fact.
laddo we're already on the moon
Going to be higher than that even
well fuck, brb gonna kms.
well swell, brb gonna unkms
Literally buy high, sell low in a few days when it drops
https://news.bitcoin.com/graphene-block-propagation-technology-claims-to-be-10x-more-efficient/
What do you mean?
Why?
jihan wu be yo banka now
Buy high sell low
this dump will be GLORIOUS!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BPNs9EVxWrA&feature=youtu.be&t=10573^^^ don't use embed because it doesn't work with timestampshttps://people.cs.umass.edu/%7Egbiss/graphene.pdfBasically the idea is that a node is likely to have already received the details of a transaction before it's confirmed, unconfirmed transactions already exist in a nodes memory.
So sending all the details of that transaction over the network again when the block is mined is a waste of time.
Does this using bloom filters if you care about how.
fucking why faggot
Embed works fine.
Huh didn't used to work with &t=
I dunno man.
Anything related to Bitcoin is kind of a suckers game.
Seg2x should've been enough of an indication of that alone.
I remember seeing this in threads when ETH was going up.It never ends.
Or are you saying buy now, wait for it to rise, then when it begins to dip, buy just as it does so?
Who in their right mind would wait until it goes lower than what they bought to sell??
4280115
Go all in at ATHLol good luck.
I did the same with bitcoin after the fork got cancelled and it fucked me hard.
Thankfully i sold mit shitcoin and bought bitcoin trash yesterday and got my losses back +something extra.
Sell before it dips.
Sell*
come on Jihan let's do this ONE TIME
Here we go again lads.
;]
if its not some retarded vaporware, whats stopping btc from implementing it?
AND AS USUAL, I AM LATE TO THE PARTY!
(((Blockstream)))
Bought a bunch at 351.
Feels good.See you guys at $1 million per coin.
NO YOU'RE NOT!Take all projections that you've ever hear on BTCand copy paste them.
Man, if you want to get money you should join P&D group.Pump and dump is currently the best way to earn.Just have to be organizedJoin this discord :https://discord.gg/9FerfM
/r/bitcoin grapheneor just fucking google bitcoin graphene you lazy dumb niggerAlso buy bitcoin cash before it flips and shits on BTC and kikestream
This pumpgroup sucks.
Going to $873, at which point Russia begins dumping their BTC for BCHThis is being coordinated.
Going to 1.3k at the end of this run based on current calculations.
Screen cap this.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I03xMiJmy4Y&feature=youtu.beListen to Ver talk from 13m-16m~He almost spat out some tasty titbits that he's aware of which haven't been made public yet but pretty much states BCH is going to get some major backing from some major players very very soon.
nahsoonfalse
7 hours until the difficulty adjustment on BTC.
After that, if the miners leave BTC for BCH, BTC will never recover.
It will take many hours to do one transaction and the flippening will be completely cemented.
TAKING ADVANTAGE OF THIS DIP
this shit is going to to 2k tonight
do i buy this dip?
FUCKING YES
Kek the price isn't rising because I'm buying all the coin you retard, its rising because rumours are spreading and rumours tend to be true.If you don't buy I couldn't give a fuck some smarter cunt will snap up the cheap coins.
Korea is dumping BTC for BCH.
Fucking buy now lads
It's probably gonna dip under .1This is when you buy da dip
FUCK I ALREADY BOUGHT, SELL THEN WAIT?
Have over 40 BCH got for free, now over $1,000 AU.
Noice.
yes!
this is going a lot lower.
it's not korea, it's chineese miners on korean exchanges.
dont listen to this nigger, this shit aint going below 0.1 ever againI dont think you guys understand but soon all the money in BTC will be in BCHYou are selling because of fear and will lose a 10x moon mission
Will it see a higher rise soon after?
THIS IS LIKE THOSE MOMENTS IN MOVIES INVOLVING CLONES WHEN THE SECONDARY CHARACTER HAS TO SHOOT AND KILL THE "EVIL" CLONE BUT THEY BOTH LOOK THE SAME!
C'mon anon, it's me!
Bitcoin!
Your old friend!
yeah but one clone will make you rich and the other wont do shit
10% the flippeningpic related
I agree with this post.
I'M not selling, no one I know is selling, if you're selling you're gonna lose.
This is a fucking moon mission right now.
If BCH was gonna take over BTC, you wouldn't reek of desperation.There is no flippening.
BCH will remain a top tier altcoin like LTC and ETH.
Nothing more, nothing less.
There is no flippeningInvestment and miners are getting out of BTC and getting into BCH as we speakDont be delusional, there is still time to sell your Bitcoin Legacy( or classic, whatever) and buy Bitcoin
DenialAngerBargaining <-- You are hereDepressionAceeptance
Well BCH started out as a shit coin no one wanted, now it's a "Top Tier" Altcoin apparently hahaha.
MOOOOVE YOU FUCKING BITCH, GO!
bad time to be in alts to be honest
We're all in it together to beat whales>Now do this thing and you'll get a top spot above the rest of the groupI guess if they understood crowd psychology better, they wouldn't have to run pnd groups...
hahahahahaahahahahahaI fucking felt this way an hour ago, I was like MOVEEEEEEEEEEEE HURRRRRRRYYYYYYYYYYYYYY!!!!!!!!!
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!
!That was at fucking $700 though, it's up over $100 since then and it's STILL GOING
He actually believes thisBTC is dead son
don't call BCC, Bitcoin you idiot
THE thing is, literally everyone who has ever proclaimed much flippening is happening has been proven to be a complete and utter retard.
Why would now be any different?
wait, binance has "BCC", I thought it was bitcoin cash just lettered differently for some reason, it's seeing the same exact movements you guys mention.
Reason I'm using binance is because that's where I had Nuls
lowkey nuls shillNever change, biz
brainlet doesn't see I'm selling all my Nuls for this and thus UNSHILLING Nuls.
Apparently people don't understand the level of cautionary work going into the development of btc compared to cash.
A flippening might indeed happen based on uninformed hype alone, but the result would be the death of both coins.
I've not been to Korea but I always had the impression they were extremely materialistic (equal if not more so than Americans) and that they cared very much about appearing successful and thus owning name brand products.
Or is this incorrect?
I mean, it's got "Bitcoin" in its name, that's brandish, no?
BUT IS YOURS STILL STUCK AT 3% FILLED?
THIS IS LITERALLY ALL THE MONEY I HAVE.t.
poor fag
wrong post
 hours until the difficulty adjustment on BTC.
After that, if the miners leave BTC for BCH, BTC will never recover.
It will take many hours to do one transaction and the flippening will be completely cemented.F
well it is brandish I was more so just asking about his statement that they value "utility over brand name" which seems odd since like I said the perception I always had is that they cared more about appearing successful and owning brand name consumer goods.
900 incoming!!
Why would miners leave because the difficulty adjustment goes down?
Have you put any thought into your retarded theory?
THANKS GOD I DIDNT SLEEP AND IM AWAKE TO SEE THISTHANK YOU MY LORD JESUS CHRIST FOR THESE GAINS
They're not gains until you sell
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH BTC TOOK TOO LONG NOW IT PUMPED BEFORE CONFIRMATIONS HAPPENED IN TIME AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
FUCKING SAME
Whatever it takes, we gotta get something in before this hits 1k tonight.
It's 6 AM.
I'm not going to sleep.
Never be a kike with the tx fees.
I paid $5 and those fees paid for themselves pretty fast.
>daytrading bch>this last weekMAKE IT STOPI WANT OFF
What?
how do I do this?
I NEED THIS FUCKING MONEY RIGHT NOW, BINANCE IS CHOKING ON IT HARDER THAN A WHITE 18 YEAR OLD ON BLACKED.COM
9FUCKING HUNDRED!
PLEASE FOR THE LOVE OF GOD, WAAAAAIT!
BTC dumping hard, 6.7k incoming
hey guys BTC price is plummeting, 6821 right nowflippening?
BITTREX IS CRASHING DUE TO THE VOLUME, THEY CANT HANDLE IT
Guys reassure me, you think I'll get my BTC to buy this in time for some real gains?
SHIT I THINK ITS OVER
I AM LEGIT GOING TO CONSIDER KMS NOW
nah we are fine, I thought we were crashing hard for a second
Boy....
tfw bought 180 BTC after the BCH fork
The amount of chink delusion ITT
https://www.bitcoin.com/public-service-announcement> explain this
Whale smart money here.
I just dumped my 300 bch I got for free.
I knew since the beginning that the chinks central bank would dump btc for bch in order to move the hashrate to the shitcoin they control.
Enjoy the bags I just sold you at ATH.
Enjoy empty github and 1 GB blocks.
Enjoy 15B$ mcp state controled shitcoin with zero network effect.
BTC BTFO
This.
It will always remain a zombie coin and pump and dump sometimes.
Even Bitcoin Gold is still trading at 0.025 and Segwit2x futures are also at 0.025.
bitcoin.com is known to be unrelated to btc project
SHUT IT DOWN, GOY.
Huge reason I’m going to buy BOScoin when it releases
I can’t win...I see Bitcoin Cash on the rise, go to transfer what little money I have from coinbase in BTC (or life in general), and send it to a BCC address without converting.....Try to stop it, nope, they can’t do anything about it..So now I have no money as I sat up all night watching Bitcoin Cash almost double.
Life sucks being retarded.
Post your address bro, I’m feeling magnanimous with all the money I’ve made with bch
Literally in the same exact boat except I'm converting within the same exchange.
Pic here is still related: , it's been stuck like that and this was over two hour ago.
It's like "Wtf do I do?"
Bro of the century if real.
can you magneto me?1LKExiDwpz5J5ByGp3k7c6rzaHJDQqFgfe
CULGhE4W8h9PHsasANu6EXtx4YkU8U857nWow....I can’t thank ya enough.
I only have $5 in my coinbase haha
4282101Might as well put mine up too.1HoAw3bNkXhPnJyCnEwKnLeuvF3rnpTQTeI would legit name my first born after you, Anon.
Coinbase coins go into circulation on Jan 1Jihan is pumping before the dump and you're all going to shit blood.
bitcoin.comit's literally a BCH scam site
And I was wondering, besides trying to get back what money I lost, I’m using the free wallet app, where I went to transfer BTC from coinbase to BCC.
I also have BitPay, the address I posted, but that’s BCH (the one you told me to post) ..Is there a difference where i can’t transfer BCC to BCH?
I had heard that the free wallet app isn’t that secure..
jNQgdkoFYEQaDiA1GQ57Rt18x8chGMe4oh please this would be so generous and kind of you
4280609hmmmmmmm
 MB UNCONFIRMED TRANSACTION POOLWUT
I just went ahead and cancelled my BTC.
It wasn't gonna clear in time.
Sticking to holding Nuls, I guess.To those of you who managed to get in on time and saw serious gains from this pump, cheers.
Remember your buddy, anon, when you're drinking martinis at the top!
anon pls help me out17qVP6cU2y6ygmXd6RSXFQpF2zykPHCEn7
Your buttery 900 dollar sell order will be rescinded in roughly 30 minutes
It's far beyond that price now sonny boy
KEK
HaahhahahaAHAHAHAHAHBH

https://www.coinwarz.com/network-hashrate-charts/bitcoincash-network-hashrate-chartOh boi, explosion incoming
Perfect time to sell BCH, unless you like buying high and selling low
Already have the color of my lamb picked.Satoshi's try vision will ultimately prevail!All hail the one true King!
I went 45/45/10 btc/bch/altsRight now i'm making money by selling/buying following the pattern of both btc/bch
It's going over $1000 in the next 6 hours, watch.
Deluded Casholes
newfag
faggot
why?
because you want it to?
this nice dubs

Power is yours?
I've heard that phrase somewhere.........
kek
>Bitcoin cash up 30%+ in one morningthis is retarded, nobody actually thinks this is sustainable, right?
This is a pump and dump for the ages.
Enjoy the ride down.
Stay in denial corecuck.
Clutch those bags all the way down.
didnt flip in sep, wont flip now.
this is jsut a kr p&d, like the other p&d before
all the way down.Down where?
Bitcoin is still up $1000+ from where it was a couple weeks ago.
It's not going down anywhere.
Hell, I bought some at $5900 and I still have profit from that purchase, even after the """going down""" you claim
"It hasn't collapsed yet so it never will!"
Someone on here shorted bch at 750 last night.
Hahahahaha
BCH goes on an unsustainable run of +30% in a single morning but that's definitely going to last forever!
>BTC has barely dipped despite taking the ""hardest hit"" it's taken in a long fucking time, but it's surely going to collapse!
!You're being driven by your emotions and knee-jerk reactions, my friend.
Look at the big picture: BCH's one-morning run is extremely ridiculous and unsustainable, BTC's dip is tiny in the big picture and likely to be short-lasting.Or buy BCH at an all-time high and lose money.
It's up to you.
on-chain scaling is the solution to our problems
There will be no flippening retard
he can't conceive of the flippening!>he concludes growth of Bitcoin Cash must be "unsustainable"!
Yep, driven by your emotions and knee-jerk reactions.
You want the flippening to be real so bad that you're willing to throw out all logic and common sense.
Go ahead and buy at the high, you'll just be scrambling to put it all back into Bitcoin again when the reversal begins.
THREAD THEME https://vocaroo.com/i/s0t7Aaa07vAY
Shitcoin is going to get you REKT.These threads are obviously just part of the PR that goes along with the obvious pump.
Feel sorry for the idiots who'll get wiped out by this.
Obviously obvious.
After the flippenning, there are going to be a lot of sad Jews
https://vocaroo.com/i/s00cj7YnKCxWwho makes these?
Jihan Wu
Says the guy shilling for a coin with no tech and no future that just went on a massive bull run for no reason.
>Panic sold this at 104 last night in fear of crash + need sleep>Wake up to 125JUST
at least you can buy back in.
im in real fiat so if I buy BTC to get in BCC it'll take 24-72 hours before the transactions get confirmed and I reach the exchange
Forgot to include no business adoption and no miners.
And you cant even plant those core tulips once they hit 0.
Sounds real comfy in coreland.
>OG bagholder @0.16 here.
As much as I want to just unload to break even I feel like at this point I already accepted the loss so it's time to just leave it alone and cross fingers this is the moon mission.
Changing bitcoin (at a low) for bitcoin cash (at a high)top fucking kekthe emotional retards on this board deserve to be poor.
If you think corecoin is at a low now just wait
6.7k>lowBCC is low compared to the inferior BTC.
I'm not catching that falling knife
4286269Bitcoin is close to the bottom of its dip right now, and on the way up.
Those are the facts.
You can be a flippening fanboy all you want, but looking at it from a big-picture perspective tells us that this temporary pump for bitcoin cash is NOT GOING TO LAST, and this temporary dip for bitcoin is just a blip in the radar.Like I said, though, you're free to be emotional knee-jerk retards all you want.
I'll be chilling and HODLing until the next moon trip.
SO FUCKING THIS.
These retards put all their money on a name.
It's not a trezor though.
Please keep putting money into core.
Im sure itll go up again from all the good news about development and adoption right?
Oh wait corecoin has neither of those.
holy shit thanks, this made me laugh real hard
Only normies can save btc now
BCH is the one true coinkraken moved it from the pull down menu from last spot to 2nd yesterday.
Also speed of tx is so far...3 min lately and fees are $0.10
You do realise this is only the beginning right?
Companies such as bitpay and coinbase and zapo are on the brink of announcing support for Bitcoin Cash.Why the fuck do you think the price is rising?
There are things at work behind the scenes, everyone can sense it.
As soon as a major company announces they're adding or switching support for BCH, BCH is really going to fucking moon.
The retard quotient in this thread is mooning
It's not too late to jump on the BCH train
"The town retard screams that the jew king is plotting to kill his people because he overheard his plot, the king lets him live because he knows no one will believe the town retard, as the days approach the towns retard voice gets louder and louder, preaching 'he will end us' crying 'HE WILL MURDER YOU', you wake up starring dully at him from your bedroom window, sighing another day of the same bs, the next day the jew king kills you"
flippenninglol
You realize what you just posted right ?It's chinese miners buying BCH with BTC.
have to buy btc to get into the market>but btc is crashing>and the price here is 11% above the USD price>captcha is 10500 loseI don't have the balls
have to buy btc to get into the marketWrong
Well, the exchange I have it parked at only trades in btc, so I'd have to take the withdraw tax in the ass before moving the money anywhere else
on the way upLUL
I can't buy BCC with BTC on Bittrex.
Fuckin thieves.
who the fuck was talking about bitconnect retard
You're on the wrong exchanges mate
Bitcoin Cash is listed as BCC on a lot of exchanges still (such as bittrex)If you're really that retarded then you shouldn't be trading.
Bitconnect is a ponzi and although it uses the BCC ticker, Bitcoin Cash also uses it.
IZ BCC ACTUALLY DOING A 2X in just a day?
I'm in the same boat.
Can't get into the market right now.
I just bought some, watch it drop.
*BCH
They can’t.
The miners/whales will continue to mine and buy BCH for BTC until the point that transaction starts to have diminishing returns...
The they will flip 100% of their mining power to BCH and dump their BTC
hey goys the 30% BCH run is unsustainable>im smarter than you for keeping my neetbux in BTC during its its totally sustainable 100% run
Really though, why is this happening?
This is basically gambling.
that was a typo, my mistake
Damn it anon, you did it
Not much I can do, it's the biggest exchange from my country with one of the lowest fees.I brought the money back in because of the fork, then the damn thing got cancelled.I should've just left it as usdt, but I had to get squirmish.
and what about iOS fags?
Fucking sucks, I've been watching and waiting for my chance to get in, but it just dips lower and lower while alts or forks boom.Fuuuuuck
No, because I know what I'm talking about.
chinks pumping, confusing masses into thinking its flippening
Yo wtf is going on with BTCash ???
yo, dawg, nigguh xD
Yo NIGGA ISSA LIT FLIP MANIGGA
coupeCoupe?
I thought we were getting lambos?
4287040Aye u boys speaking muy language.
What should i do with my bitcoin sell for dat cash or keep
Every time.
I have bought shit at literally 2 sats and it drops to 1 within 10 minutes.
I don't even buy anything when it's on the up and up.
I've bought coins at their 3 month lows and they drop to a new low right after and never come back.I wanted to go to the moon, but nothing does what it's logically supposed to.
dunno mayne, all I kno is dat a 75 bidcoyne wall jus got etn up in 10 secs bra
4287040you guys are fucking racist
you picked your lambo yet guys?
60 minutes ago>Bitcoin is close to the bottom of its dip right nowhey buddy :)how ya doin champ?
Aaaaand here we go.
Sub 900.
You're welcome, boys.
I'm out.
hard fork planed for 13th : check yourselfhttps://cointelegraph.com/news/bitcoin-classic-shuts-down-as-staff-claim-bitcoin-cash-will-rule-in-6-months>BCH shot up in price over 35 percent in anticipation of a new hard fork set for Nov. 13, reaching its highest value almost since it debuted.
A fork of a fork?
Bitcoin with a lil pump rn

I'm taking a payday loan to buy the dip.
This better pay off because the interest rate is 410%
Its to fix the retarded emergency diff adjust system
Maybe you can afford an used civic if you dump BCrash before the crash.
He's do it again hasn't he
>Brittrex price dropped to 0.138>Chart doesn't actually show it
>tfw win either way since i have equal part Bitcoin and Bitcoin cash
bots are actually maintaining BCH at 50% increasethey dont want it to be shown any higher
well, usd-wise not at eth/btc market
It is.
Watch Bcashies cope.
it might be stupid question but how to buy BCH?Because buying BTC and cantor and then retransfer it into BCH seems to be weird
Buy with ETH then.
oh my
bch is severely undervalued.
people should have been buying a long time ago and not alts and btc
Who da man?$1400 in next 6 hours.
https://www.reddit.com/r/btc/comments/7c29kk/blockstream_investor_emails_leaked_shows/core dev crew member
bch is severely undervalued.According to fucking whom?
That guy that invented it.
bittrex is frozen for meJUST
What happens if the flippening really happens though?It completely destroys the "Bitcoin is King" meme.People will start asking questions.
"If bitcoin crashed, why?
"and "Why won't the same thing happen to BCH"?Then alts get more exposure.This posts is sponsored in part by DigiByte.
They're insolvent probably
according to me ...10k by coinbase listing Jan 1st
BCH PREPARING STAGE 3 BOOSTER3rd ignition in 30
Chink scammers.
r/btc>known troll account>"leaked emails" have 0 PGP
fire in the hole
Everyone has a plan until they get punched in the face.
The Koreans will fold soon.
if bch goes higher than BTC then technically it is btc
Thanks captain planet
I'm guessing you've never been to Korea.
All systems GoInitializing the buster cannonsCore Deviant Activated
Holy fuck it keeps going up.
75% increase in 1 day so far
bch only safe haven right now if btc crashes
why core wants to change POW lol, but they won't have consensus and they'll have to hard fork and be the minority chain lol
Verhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UP1YsMlrfF0
any new changes or hardforks core wants to implement, the miners won't dothey are screwedthey literally killed themselves
yeah electronic gluden went up 110% in one day too, efl new bitcoin confirmed?
That parabolic rise on BCH is not going to end well.
who?
427898942790064279013427903042790454279063FLIPPENING FLIPPENING FLIPPENING> buy buy buy, while you still can
66% BTC value increaseyeah this is gonna end wellpic unrelated
are you me ?
But I'm black : (I was just greeting my brethren from another womb.
not going to end well for btc holders with their stuck transactions
Comparing no marketcap to 16billion marketcap.
Yea real smart
This is what it feels like to make a profit.
Wow.
I feel you
I like you, friend.
WE'RE MAKING IT BOYS
Cg9YT2tyajdoyZJoWPrZcMopDLTMet4FAI'm a kissless virgin here, My hope is just money, all else probably fails, Right now I work a job earning 5$ an hour, it's just so hard not having someone to back you up.
same, but the swings were solid anon
Captica, Please Gilford.
It's a sign.Did not have the time to screencap sadly, but its a sign.My hero you are.
>Not on Coinbase, normies can't buy it for USD>Can't even buy it for BTC very easily>No CME futures market>No ETFs planned>Never mentioned on normie TV like CNBC>Shitton of coins waiting to be dumped 1st Jan>EDA mining hoard waiting to be dumped>Muh flippening
WE'RE GOING DOWN DOWN IN AN EARLIER ROUND
>conspire with other big dick miner and pool owner oligarchs for concerted action>wait till the difficulty adjustment for BCH resets>mine a large fucking amount of BCH>accumulate more over months, leading to the 300-600 rise.>use rest of BTC to pump BCH while FUDing BTC hard>cause cautious people to become afraid and sell their BTC for USD or ETH>cause opportunists to go hard into BCH>watch total uncomfirmed transactions on the BTC blockchain rise to a high level>when BCH has reached a high price and the market fears a flippening and is already in flight from BTC and his own BTC stores are low, take the ladder out from under BTC by putting all hash power on mining BCH so BTC networks stalls completely as if the massive transaction queue isn't already enough>cause flippening for real>make out of this with more than 14X gains on average because he also had those mining gains from back then and now they are tenfold valuable.>spin it all as being political and because BCH is the best bitcoinBiggest heist of all time.
Brilliant, genius.