Just came back from holidays.
What happened with confido btw?
This is a joke, right?
Like some high level prank?I spent 20 bitcoins on confido wtf guys??
it's the comfyido difference
Pravik Pajeet has your money now
pick related anonif you feel like committing sepoku will you give me some coin?
Who?
Cmon guys did CMC get hacked or something?
The telegram group is not working either but the other groups work just fine.
I'm literally shaking.
What the hell happened??
If you prove you got just'd by confido, I'll legitimately send you 1 BTC.
shhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
Didn't get justed by confido but my portfolio is about .02 BTC.
Help me richbrah1BXtm3hMQJJ234B4MYysugLF4GjmdmvJq1
4499602 (OP)>If you prove you got just'd by confido, I'll legitimately send you 1 BTC.If you deliver, you might be 1st in biz history, considering the scale.
Don't screw it up.
Just a temporary glitch in the Matrix.
Keep hodling anon
I don't want anything I just want to know what happenedI can't believe this I'm fucking doneDid people lose interest all of the sudden?
Other tokens are doing well, bitcoin is not pumping right now no reason to bleed like thisI think Joost the community manager is offline or something.
Last thing he said he was trying to get us listed on binance..
Fuck off poorfag nigger I wasn't talking to you.I nearly invested in Confido and only didn't because I intended to save for a holiday I'm going on in a couple weeks, thank god.
Shit luck, OP can have some luck from me instead if he proves it.
I don't want anythingLost me there.
Have fun LARPing, faggot.
Could've at least used 'inspect element' or someshit to half-ass your way into 1 BTC.
So retarded.
The universe will JUST you for this LARP bullshit eventually, mark my words and screencap this.
y--y-y-yo-y-yo-you too
stop the fucking LARPNICE TRY BUTFUCK OFFcomfydo has been flushed down the toilet.
they pulled an exit scamprice dropped from 7500 sats to 165 in 15 minute on the kuocoin exchangeFBI is looking for Joost and rest of the faggotsSTOP FUCKING LARP ITS NOT FUNNY(just kidding, HOW COMFYDO NOW IS IT HMM???
HMMM??????
SHILL ME CONFIDO NOW OHHH YEAAAAHHHHH)
They exit scammed bro... deleted all traces of their existence and ranNext time do more research on the team.I found literally 0 evidence that their CTO even existed, which is why I stayed awayI was saying this in the telegram, but got nothing but hateWish I got some screenshots before the telegram disappeared
Stop crying , and invest in faucet https://ltcminer.io/228068And wait .... wait long time
such a waste of a qt loli
I don't want anyone's money I WANT MY MONEYHow is this even legal kys beyond meI only have 3 moneros I will just wait until it hits 10k I'm out of crypto thanks for the laughs biz
its good opportunity to buy, buy the dip, all is well
This is just the beginning.
Many more ICO's will flop and not return investors money.
They will just say "We tried, We failed.." No difference than running away.
Have a feeling some vigilantes will form to hunt down these fukks and make them pay the piper.
Heres the Rivtez CEO in the caymans after getting 50 million.. "hard at work" just rubbing it in people faces.
Not to same scale as OP but lost 2 ETH on these cunts
Just for the record I never shilled this coin or any coin.
This is just wrong.
This world is fucked up...
Not OP but proof of 2 ETH loss
wanted in short term, but decided to wait.Now Happy about this decision haha.
Pajeet shitcoin, im sry for you bros got fooled
Why do you want money?
You get the tokens that you wanted to buy for the price you wanted to buy them at.
You haven't lost anything.
come on... you invest in a teenage dirtbag ico with a max $400,000 cap.... you go 5x... you go 10x... you say to family "ohh were rich, we're going to Panama!
", then you go off, turn off all communication, you go 25x... you go on your daughter's phone and check price... OMFG IM RICH 25X - 30X SOON... spend extra 2 weeks on holiday....come back>muh my confido, where the fuck is it?i mean come on, you not had a single chance to take profit?
and 90% of ICOs are scam, have you not heard any of the key crypto figures mention that?
over and over again???
i guess not, burgerboysorry for your loss, in the end i am still human, but you its a lesson to be learned.
I hope you didn't get on POWR.
How is this even legal kys beyond meDude this is the whole perk of this kind of business, you can either make mad money or end up living under a bridge, if you want stable secure money incomes there's an infinite amount of alternatives
Just hodl and buy the dip!
This happens all the time while markets are so volatile.
It's just gamble if you don't have something more than other people have.
You can for example scout for discord groups that share buy signals and tips on how to set stop losses etc.
This is new one: https://discord.gg/F3SDe8S
Ha ha cheers
44996264499660449969644997404499754449979044998314499997450046645005194501143CHNallday
wtfff!!!???
wtf!!!
lost my 14btc omg f fsake..
Joosted
Not OP but I lost 1ETH to Confido.
Wasn't even holding, I just set staggered buy orders in case it dipped, and they all triggered, all the way down to nothing, while I was sleeping.
1ETH might not seem like much to many of you, but it was all I had in crypto and represents a lot of money to me.
It's pretty sad the way many people have reacted with spiteful glee about this - it's not good news for anyone.
The tone on /biz seems to be getting more and more snide and predatory.Not begging but if any of you want to kick in anything at all to get me going again 0x83F6917F986037c3B10F5d21Da87747291884880
Yeah 4chan is snide.
Get over it.
Trading is not a game, dont look at the ones who made it.
They are 5%.
95% of people lose the money they invest.
Dont think getting rich is easy like that, go find a job and follow your path dude.
Why the fuck would you place random shitty buy orders on etherdelta with your whole stack??
?