>TFW watching rich 20 year old rappers on YouTube and they have so much nice stuff and have more money than meDo they rent all this shit or do they just commit credit card fraud or sell drugs or something?
There's no way their "music career" makes this much.
>There's no way their "music career" makes this much.You are wrong
Music video stuff is on loan for the most part.
Realize everything, even the jewelry and chains, are in video advertising for the products.
Google the fraudster who even from prison defrauded multiple jewelers by tricking them into sending massive amounts of jewels to be used in video shoots.
"bling" id usually rented by loe income rappers.
The rest maybe not.
http://www.nationaljeweler.com/independents/crime/4451-an-alleged-scheme-to-scam-jewelry-from-prisonSabatino, a man reported to have as many as five aliases, allegedly posed as an executive with Sony Music Entertainment and Roc Nation, the label founded by rapper Jay Z.Using fake email addresses and the alias “James Prolima,” he requested jewelry, watches, handbags and clothes from store employees and brand representatives whom he reached from prison via phone and email.He claimed that the items were going to be used in music videos being shot in Miami and would be returned.
According to court papers, Sabatino even signed letters of responsibility for them.The ruse went on for about nine months, from October 2014 to July 2015, and involved requests made to Tiffany & Co., Cartier and Audemars Piguet, among other brands, for bracelets, watches and eyewear.According to the indictment, Sabatino instructed the employees and representatives to ship the goods to two women on the outside, 53-year-old Valerie Hunt of Davie and Denise Siksha Lewis, 35, of North Lauderdale, as well as “other co-conspirators who were not incarcerated.”Once Hunt and Lewis received the merchandise, Sabatino and Duquen directed them to sell it at pawn shops.
The pair allegedly then deposited a portion of the proceeds from the sales into Sabatino and Duquen’s commissary accounts at the prison.
Not that it's necessarily a bad thing, but you are pretty out of touch with Kids These Days if you think none of these new rappers are popular enough to make bank through shows alone.
Most of these young rappers and vloggers on youtube finance that stuff by buying expensive designer clothes like supreme and bape and reselling them at a markup.
The real g's don't get caught though
4456098There's no way.A guy that's only popular on Twitter and SoundCloud with barely any views having millions?
Just relax and realise that they will be broke and on the street after their music career is eclipsed by their drug addictions.
See: MC Hammer.
Having such a dumb desire for idiotic amounts of material wealth.You really need to converse and get more real-life friends, anon.
Did you never read Gatsby at the very least?
Stuff like that will only draw in faux friendships which will fall apart at the first sign of social or financial struggle.
Never read that book.