Buy now.
im all in
Prove it cunt
we're discussing it in here after our call on NEO, we don't know what to do with our profits lmao https://discord.gg/tdNw5Vp
ALLAH UH ACKBAR
just bought 150
Consolidating in a bullflag.Shorters prepare anus(no lube).
Please tell me this moons
Also, entering cloud in the 1 hr with just upward crossing stoch RSI
forgot image
Plus bump up from 1 hr cloud entry could very likely send it into the green 4 hr cloud and make this a real nice boost
what am i looking at
brush you're using stock fag setting for your ichimoku clouds.
(10, 30, 60, 30) or (20, 60, 120, 30) is more appropriate for crypto since we trade 24/7 seven days a week.
Ah, you're right.
Nice catch.
I lost the password to my old Tradingview account and forgot to change them on this one.Got a few hours until it enters the cloud then.
Still a good buy, though, I would say.
I lierally sold 30 LTC an hour ago.
Not going back.
should i sell my 100 lisk and enter ltc ?
Thanks brah.
1hr is oversold like hell
Prepare to FOMO rebuy.
LTC ALWAYS goes up when BTC consolidates.
probably not immediately, I'd wait for a cloud fag to give the go ahead on a 4hr chart preferably if you're not watching charts yourself, LSK is still bull running on every candle 2 hr and above.however LSK just dropped below the cloud on 1 hr candles, might be a good time short term to sell to allow for a retrace and buy back later.
up to you.
already sold 100 for ltc xD ty!
I have 2 LTC.
Will I be rich?
what is a golden cross ?
you will be able to take a qt out for a nice dinner at a 5 star dinning establishment for young hip millenials living in a big city
Soy
agree anon, LTC look BULLISH AS FAWK
Bruh.
Slow?I've been waiting a fucking month for this fucking nigger faggot coin to break past $70.
You know what it does?
FUCKING GOES BACK TO $64!?
DO YOU KNOW HOW FUCKING ANNOYONG THIS SHIT IS!?!?!
?Meanwhile every other coin in it's class is $100+.
ETH and fucking XMR are both above $100.
LTC!?
NOPE!!!!!
Fucking candle ass motherfucking coin.It's not even Christmas and this nigger fagcoin wan- you know what?
It's a slantcoin.
Fucking slantcoin - zippercoin - is already Christmas themed.I missed the fucking btc recovery for this shit.
I missed the eth pump.THIS FUCKING ZIPPERCOIN BETTER BRING DADDY SOME FUCKING CHRISTMAS CHINESE NEW YEAR PRESENTS OF $100 OR I will cry.I will cry so deeply.
It'll be 2018, New year's day, everyone is pulling their profits from btc hitting 10k.
Me?
ILL STILL BE SITTING ON THIS ZIPPERCOIN THAY IS STILL AT $63.99!!!!!!!!
!Coiners be like MUH BTC GAINS and I'll be like...
I WONT BE LIKE ANYTHING CAUSE ILL STILL BE CRYING AT MY FUCKING COMPUTER ORDERING MOMMY TO MAKE ME A HOT POCKET.
FUCKING REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Edit: It's even 3.
Dessert is paid for as well.
literally just wait a few hours to a few days, we're so close to a TK cross and kumo breakout on many of the candles.
I just put $400 into this and it's already down.AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
where did you learn all this TA shit
Yep, in the meantime ETH up a few during this time.
youtube, books, and talking to other traders.
Yeah, this.
You have the internet in front of you.
Twitter is a good resource if you follow the right people as their charts make good examples.Start with trend lines, volume, RSI, candlestick patterns, chart patterns, and MACD, then move onto other topics like Ichimoku Cloud, Moving Average, and Stoch RSI.
Its pretty easy once you start working with it.Be sure to compare over multiple timeframes and trade no lower than the 1 hr or 4 hr as your main timeframe.
patterns, macd,rsi volume, ichimoki and MA is all you need.
and time intervals
This is a nice channel:https://www.youtube.com/carpenoctom
I'm at 15 how much am I going to make it?
Lads don't laugh at me because Im a poorfag.
I tried leveraging 100 LTC with some BTC but I got liquirekt a few days ago so I just hodl it now.I only have 100 LTC will I make it?
Enough to move outta mommy's basement?
Enough for qt?
Enough for mid-tier Acura vehicle??
ITS HAPPENING
3 ltc at 64will this reach 100 or is that a pipe dream?
Oh, and Fibonacci retracement.
This is super important for determining entry/exit/resistance/support pointsLove,Lain
Should I buy know or wait for it to die down?
I have about $1000 on gdax.
Buy.
It's still early enough.
Do it RIGHT NOW though.
I thought you quit!
WB
How high will it go?
I did.
I'm back.
At least for now.
any TA on why I should buy this very minute?
is LTC really about to moon?
I thought this was all shills until you showed up
Man i fucked up yesterday.
I saw it bouncing between 62 and 64 so i sold 98LTC @ average sell of 65.5 on the way to 72 and now it won't go below 66-67.
I'm FOMO'ing hard now.
Idk if i should eat my loss and buy back in or just wait.To put it in perspective those litecoin I sold I bought at an average price of $42/coin so I'm technically up but it hurts.
Any suggestions?
it's fucking litecoin - it will drop back down again.
It's forming the big green dildo as I type this.
Currently meeting resistance at the first fib line so still time for entry.Also this is a pretty good thread.
Shill free.
Found it after I made my LTC post on twitter about an hour ago and came looking to see if anyone else on /biz/ had noticed.
Will it though, i was just looking yesterday at 3d and 1h candles and i think we're about to shoot past 100
adoption
DEADDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
Just bought 7LTC.
Its gonna go over 100
I have like a grand and I've never bought coin before, do I do it?
highly unlikelynot enough momentum
I like it, just not a really sexy mover I suppose.About 20% in so would be happy to see it moon.
I usually trade ETH, not familiar with the LTC chart.
I'm not feeling at home in it now amidst all the FOMO.Any price targets LTC-cartographer?
Also, is LTC usually led by FIAT value or is BTC value boss?
Thanks for the info.
Aboard since 67,50 USD.
Been holding my assversge of 45 here forever feels like.
Am i finnaly gonna see that blessed 90?
technical analysis is a made up meme
itt delusional litecopersGreat you called it, it went from 67 to 68.5.
I'm shocked.LITECOIN WILL NEVER HIT 100$.
EVER.
IF IT GOES BEYOND 100$ I WILL PUNCH MYSELF IN THE NUTS WITH ATOMIC STRENGTH LIVE ON CAMERA.
Screencap this you litecucks.
capped.
will post once it hits 200


this.
lite coin goes beyond 100$ i will stab one of my eyes out.
live on camera, ofc.Screencap this you silly anons.
4416986I hope you have good health insurance
4416986EOY maybe 90$ then drop back down to 5$.Even if in a parallel universe where BTC isn't king always and forever, 200$ really?
That is pathetic, why even make a thread if it's only potential is to 2.5x, useless garbage.
We only rock 10x here boyos.
t. shitcoin bagger who has 10 grand in LINK
So...whats happening here?
How far down are you guys going to let it fall before buying in?I'm holding IOTA right now, but considering moving it into LTC.
we are basically at the lowest point it can go in the triangle right now.
So now it the lowest it will probably go in the next 12 hours at least.
Facing resistance at key support/resistance right now, but we're in the 4 hr green cloud and the 1 hr red cloud.
BTC is also dipping.
Expect it to keep going up, especially once it breaks the current resistance point.
So the pair to watch is LTC/BTC and not /USD?Still curious what your targets are for this rally, especially if you measure against BTC which is so volatile.
Also I suspect BTC will pump again soon since another batch of Tether was minted.
Gonna buy a few more ltc and maybe a few more salt tokens depends on the exchange rate at bitatm
4417601Well?Tether credited and burned btw, BTC pumping immediately.
What a scam.
Kek I had some old boomer breathing down my neck while I was using the bitam because some tard stuck their debit card in there.
He watched me go through the whole process until I started pulling out bills and gave him a dirty look.
People just make it up.
LTC looks like it is heading for a dick and balls formation, which always results in the price going right up the anus.
Just bought $500 before reading this thread, should I buy more?
I threw 700 buckaroos in yesterday @ 70pls moon
I bought $30 worth to convert to XRP
Buy whatever you can.
It'll grow pretty quick now with atomic swaps being implemented in the future.
Honestly I'm looking forward to 250 bucks a coin mid 2019 hell maybe even more.
AHHHH FREE ME FROM THESE BAGS
how tf you have bags in litecoin?
You must have FOMO bought in
Bags are full.
Expecting to hit ATH this weekend
I'm literally just reading out what's on the chart, and I'm not even going deep into analyzing it or anything lol.below cloud = bearish, in cloud = neutral, above cloud = bullish, fast ma crossing over slow ma = upward momentum and vice versa.there's more to it and other strategies, but it's as a simple as that.
I bought at 91, I hesitated selling at 97 because I though it would dip and rally further.
Will it keep going up over the weekend or is the rally over?
Well, BTC formed a double top and seems to be taking a dip and bloody weekends are not terribly uncommon.
I'm gonna HODL for now, with stop losses set, and see where it goes.
LTC is still looking pretty bullish, imo.
can this fucking shitcoin do anything?
look at any other fucking altcoin on the market and they fucking orgasm and spread cum everywhere while massively going on a bull run.
Litcoin gets a semi erection and then dies down like an old man at a nursing home before becoming flaccid again FOR FUCKS SAKES, THESE BAGS HAVE BEEN HEAVY SINCE THE FUCKING SUMMER.
DO SOMETHING BUT MAKE MEME JOKES CHARLIE
Should I sell for now and rebuy over the weekend?
WHAT HAPPENED TO THE DREAM???
Pnd squad will pump this beotch up to 300 fuckin dollars by this time tomorrow.
AHHH THIS IS A BIG COIN DO YOU KNOW HOW MUCH IT WOULD TAKE IT TO MOVE?
coinbasewew
Apply last weekend's BCH volume to LTC
Why should I buy a copy cat coin a clone.
Plz explain
Nobody is going to pump this diahrea coin.
they pumped BCH because Ver is a snake and he loved the pump along with Jihan wu.Why on earth would anyone pump a self sabotaging white knight charlie lee coin.
he would probably DDOS the exchanges himself just to be a cuck
When BTC Dumps what coins to day trading fags seem refuge?
white knight charlie leecan you elaborate
4421341Big if true.
You got screencaps of D.va too?
Just look at his twitter feed.
I made it up just for fun, bro.
This coin will probably go up about 15 cents tomorrow.
o plz nigga
so you don't actually have anything to support your claim
LTC is going to be worth more than BTC one day faggotCan't wait for the fucking flippening.
MI NA MUM of 4 years from nowScreencap this post
its over
the pair only matters what you wanna cash out on is a fucking idiot.if you wanna buy btc with ltc then thats the pair you watch.
if you have put in 50USD and are looking to buy btc/ltc is fucking useless to you.
understand?
TRIANGLE FORMATION DETECTEDBREAK OUT IMMINENT
Except all trends in prices are pegged to the btc/ltc pairing.
So if you want to try and forecast what it'll do you look at the graph that actually has relevant information.
understand?
that alone isn't gonna tell you shit and implying that it will is fucking misleading.