Should I get one?
The Ledger blue is laggy and the LCD isn't even good; get the S ledger insteadhttps://www.ledgerwallet.com/r/56e5
I was considering that.
I'm not sure I trust bluetooth on this thing, even if it's supposedly safe.
No bluetooth on the ledger nano sIt's the best really
what about software wallet on windows 10?is this safe?or is it safer to use ledger nano s with windows 10?
There's no bluetooth.
Ledger Nano S is objectively the best crypto hardware wallet.
Forget the one with a screen on it, not needed.
I wish Trezor had more support for altcoins, but until then you're right.
Honestly the more competition there is in this niche the happier I'll be
I meant the bluetooth on the Ledger blue, but yeah I agree.Personally I'm gonna order a used Thinkpad x60 for internet connection and a Raspberry Pi Zero that'll never be connected to the internet to generate passwords and store info and whatever.I might be being paranoid though.
Just realized I didn't completely answer your question- software wallets are ok but they're very susceptible compared to hardware wallets.
From what I gather, paper wallets used to be the gold standard but now they're just simply impractical.
Hardware wallets seem to be the best compromise between security and usability imo.
I'd love to be corrected, because I want crypto to be mainstream and hardware wallets have a moderate entry fee, especially if you don't life in a first world country (which is where the most growth will come from).
Of course, this problem will probably disappear if a well designed model can be guaranteed millions of units sold, but for now I think it's an overlooked aspect of what's holding back the market.
I'll consider getting whichever one is getting monero support
Ledger Nano S will have Monero support soon(tm), the guy who's working on it regularly posts update in the Monero subreddit
why not just print paper wallet?
Trips say yes.
Also, i just got one and i'm very satisfied.
Safe access to MEW for eth and tokens, safe storage for all major coins.
Because you have to redo the whole thing every time you wanna withdraw money.
See
Also I want a diverse portfolio and that'd be a nightmare with paper wallets, I don't even know if you can do that with all of them.
Paper wallet best wallet
Y u need to redo?
u have keystore file and pws naa?
u just print out private key and store it somewhere?
isint that enough or am i missing something here
4470650https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Paper_wallet#Privacy_Issues(further up the page) "Proper paper wallets are often a very secure way of storing bitcoins, since they are not typically exposed to malware.
They can also be easily stored securely in safes and safe deposit boxes.
However, it may be more difficult to securely "backup" paper wallets, and due to the current sub-optimal software support, it may be easier to make a mistake that causes loss of bitcoins.Sometimes people try to use single keys as true bitcoin wallets.
However address reuse is very bad for privacy and security.
Because of this, one is forced to choose between hazardous options:Use the key only once to receive, and only once to send the full amount.
This requires the user to know the full amount he wants to store in advance, and often leads to the next situation:Create multiple keys.
By using more than one key, the user can receive more than once using a different address each time, including using new addresses for change.
This is very complicated, and makes it easy to accidentally reuse addresses, produce the wrong change/fee combination, lose some keys, spend hours searching for the right key, etc.
Not even skilled bitcoin experts are comfortable managing their own keys manually like this."
theres no point in a paper wallet if you're just gonna connect it to the internet anyway idiot.
Why are there no cheap hardware wallets?
How expensive can a few chips and a tiny LCD really be?