So, this (pic) was the mastermind behind it all?Why am i not surprised.
source?
/biz got fucked by this douche and Teeka's facehow am I not surprised
ethnews.com/confidos-CEO-identity-leaked-by-insiders

Caught for what
THIS IS THE MAN WHO RAPED ME
44759564475968Basically Tokenlot was able to track down the identity using blockchain analysis and discovered that the Eth from the ICO had gone to a Bittrex account.
Bittrex confirmed that the user had done KYC, but refused to reveal the identity.
TokenLot filed a case with their law inforcement who formally request the ID and... Voila.
Its the guy in OP's pic
sauce on article please i want to read the fuck out of this loool
he can't be that stupid
WTF ALL MY LINK IS GONE NOW
Wow, he really sent the ETH to a KYC verified account?
What a fucking retard.
Does this mean he's getting v&?
Poor guy won't last 40 minutes in club fedbut crypto is anonymoose rite guise
psychopaths are really easily caught because they really are this stupid.
their mastermind plan have a fuckton of holes.
4476076What is KYC?
Know Your CustomerIdentity verification
JOOST'D
Kek i remember this guy fucked us over with the PB report
44759564476051This is plushtard, you retards.
He made some LINK and pink wojack plushies a month back.
He is a German kid that couldn't pay his rent anymore and spent almost everything he had left on materials to make more plushies.
When nobody was buying them he threatened to kill himself.
Never saw him again.
Gj OP, you made the newfags ITT fall for it but the jig is up.
Leave plushtard alone.
He was not a bad kid.
hes a serial scammer you dumb cuckold
Holy fuck.
Why wouldn't he send the eth to a bunch of shitty exchanges without verification, convert it to monero and bounce it between 2-3 accounts before cashing out?
Joost got joosted.Know your customer.
Means the info has user's personal data.
yeah I'm not clicking literally anything on /biz/ unless it's a link to a site I know and trust and it has https (with an S) in it, plus I scan every single letter in the link to make sure there's no pajeet bullshit in it like L's being changed with r I'syou best do the same my friends.
also install noscript and use firefox.
German kid>German address registered confido.co>scammed on /biz/ before>promoted Confido is a way to not get scammed by people like him>roleplayed as different people on /biz/I dont know man... seems kinda fishy...
Plushtard never sent any of the plushies he sold.
That was his debut into scamming.
Confido was where he was going to make it big.
Plushtard: A True Crime Story.
A Red Wojack production.
master scamming spends his free time scamming /biz/tards for literal pennies with crudely made pink wojack plushiesI want to believe
didn't you hear  ?
leave him alone.and chris has nothing to do with this.
he thinks he should be alright legally, thank god.
whatever you say, Chris.
dude....thenextweb.com/hardfork/2017/11/20/confido-ico-scam-created-by-german-plush-artist/
plushtard also does shit on fiverr
4476193I knew those glassy eyes were hiding something... To believe he actually posted here, perfecting his skills before striking.
Spoopy
Really want to click your link nigga.
Tasty url.
Too bad Joost is a Dutch name and not a German name... t. Swamp German
Oh yeah, because Germany is place that for sure outlaws immigrants and has their boarders 100% guarded.
Is that 11 from Stranger Things
4476207Go to bed Plushtard.
4476024Kek.
I'm not telling them.
Let's see how long it takes them to find out.
ahh you ruined it you piece of shit
Oh look a white male.
What a surprise
redditfag
4476335One more buzz to kill before going to bed.
Please forgive me anon.
You made my night though>inb4 dumb phoneposter
Shut up Pajeet.
Don't you have shitcoins you should be photoshopping onto pictures of semi-naked women?
Kill Your Celf
Why hes alive still?
LEAVE PLUSHTARD ALONE YOU FUCKING BULLIES
Hopefully, those dicksucking lips are going to do him good in prison.
He even admitted to scamming in a thread a couple of days ago.
why are all the links dead u fucking pajeets
Do you idiots think a scammer really used their own ID to register for Bittrex?
bwahahaha