https://pastebin.com/n0aGBMQrlook at the fucking date.
>pastebin is under heavy load right nowWhat did OP mean by this?
>proofHAHHAHAHHAHHHAHHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHHAHAHHAHAHHAHHHAHHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHHAHAHHAHAHHAHHHAHHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHHAHAHHAHAHHAHHHAHHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHHAHAHHAHAHHAHHHAHHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHHAHA
NO FUCKING KIDDING THE FLIPPENING IS REALIT'S HAPPENING IN FRONT OF YOUR EYES RETARDSWE'VE BEEN TELLING YOU THISSome of us have known from the start.
Please try and understand not everyone simply shills.
random pastebin text with typos and grammar errors>is this suppose to be believable
oh shit wait dude look at the date it was published and then the fucking segwit2x prediction.
wtf.
He's saying big shorting was already beginning, but that was on July 30th and we've gone up to 7.8k since then.
Other than that it's pretty generic and the same conspiracy theory basically everyone has been saying about Jihan this whole time (I ain't saying it isn't true though).
JUL 30TH, 2017 What they mean by this so far everything happend
(PROOD INSIDE)
FUUUCJK BCH IS BREACHING 1000 AGAIN HOLY FUCKKKKK
Yea he was dead on about that to be fair (although it was known the whole time seg2x might not happen).
yeah i guess it could have just been a good prediction.... still this has me a little bamboozled because i've always disregarded bch, but now i don't know what to think....
many will disregard it until its price starts approaching parity with bitcointhe people late to the party will make the smallest gainsthats how markets work
D chess friend the future rothshilds are playing a game
4291815interesting... i regret not buying btc before the bch fork, because at least then i wouldnt be getting too fucked now
https://pastebin.com/n0aGBMQrhe didn't take into account that JAPAN is now Bitcoin king and building a huge ass multi million dollar mining farm.if it's ready in time bitcoin will remain the king.also fuck all of this really.
bitcoin sucks now.it's not decentralized anymore at all.im moving into XMR .
atlaest they are fucking fair and community driven.
THE PROPHECY IS TRUE
WE /1000/ NOW
WTF CHINESE ARE GOING TO FUCK BITCOIN ONCE AGAIN
DROP IT LIKE IT'S HAWTDROP IT LIKE IT'S HAWT
DAMN BOYS Here comes 1.3kBTC to 5k in 2 hours.
Cap this.
Hope they finish it soon and rape of nanking these chink miners.
"Gentlemen, this is certaintly not going to be gentlemen.
"Pajeet detected.
Entire post smells of curry.
2/10
WTF OP ALL MY LINKS ARE GONEFUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
I've never been more comfy hodling my Ethereum.
holy shit is this real
"Gentlemen, this is certaintly not going to be gentlemen."
Well that's fucking scary.So all BCH holders including myself have been duped into intentionally destroying Bitcoin
bitcoin sucks nowI agree with you.
bitcoin has the worst tech and is the least anon/privacy focused coin.
I do hope more normies and boomers and wallstreet fags continue to buy into BTC though first so that they will be the ones burned the most when BTC is finally dethroned.
BTC is the myspace of crypto and many people will not realize this until it's too late.
But i do think we have a few years left of BTC on top before it finally falls.
duh
4292334nobody is destroying anything and the fact u think we are and didn't see this coming means you shouldn't invest.
Every smart investor here knows how bitcoin works and knows what a fork is don't blame bitcoin for your ignorance on the subject.
This.
did you not read the pastebin?
its predictions were accurate
>after we looked at the datathere is going to be a paradigm shift
local BTC holder becomes increasingly nervous
you know that chinks are making their move right now BECAUSE of japan right?
they know they're going to lose power soon, they MUST kill bitcoin or core and they just failed to kill core
FUCK YOU OPMY LIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIINK
one predicition was accurate, the seqwit thing.
others were false, around july would have been a terrible time to start shorting.
core killed itself by raising fees to push everyone off chain so they can make money off the users.
that's not bitcoin bitch.
NOW GET THE FUCK OFF MY BOARD
You know if BCH gets to the top when the japs finish their mining farm, they'll just mine BCH instead right?
There's no real reason for them to stick to a dead chain everyone spits on.
They ARE mining BCH.
https://mobile.twitter.com/ethxcc/status/910706407401328640
But this guy doesn't even call bitcoin cash bitcoin?
Miners mine whatever is more profitable.If Bitcoin Cash stays at this price or goes higher, there will be more miners joining the force of Jihan
It's predictions are just repeating what everybody on the BCH side has been speculating for ages.
As soon as NYA happened people were saying Blockstream wouldn't pull through their side of the agreement.
My fuckin link are gone dude
They also know that a dying coin will not survive and the real chain will which is why they are switching.
what makes you think bcc is the real chain?btc is the real btc.
it's how these propagandists talkthere are literally paid shills on reddit and 4chan right now
"dying coin">is up 900% this yearwhat did you mean by this?
so is this real or not????
i dunno even if they're paid shills, i think they're just deluded fucks.
i wouldnt put such a devious plan beyond this chink.
i bet this is real.
Ln in TWO YEARSWOYEARS
Why should we trust your opinion on BCH when you don't even know the right acronym??
BCC is bitconnect u dirty pajeetBch is cash
Don't know what to think
somebody pls post hte pic where it showsboth chains side to side and bch stays the same but btc has segwit and shit
It's nothing new, it's just rumours everyone has already heard at the time it was published.
Maybe not here on /biz/?
Yes but it is dated July 30
big if true
That was confirmed fake a few weeks after it came out.
Proof is an email that says BCC Operation 1337kek
4293671BCC on bittrex and im not that interested in the coin so thats what i called it
it's ticker symbol variesBCC on trex, BCH on polo
> Around this time, the 'hard fork' section of segwit 2x is not going to happen ~ it never was - Bitcoin cash will then be seen as the original NYA coin.. segwit 2x is a smoke from the beginning bitcoiners all get fooled around by Jihan and Chinese miners
Okay what the fuck, they predicted too many fucking things correctly
Except over half the volume is trading in Korean KRWSo how do they fit into your prophecy?
pfft.Its all Korean shitcoin trading dragging prices up on all exchanges.
There is a limit to this shit.
Its when the Koreans stop pumping it and move on to something else.
Remember Ethereum Classic?
Koreans love this coin.
Only reason why it is pumping right now.
Ethereum version of muh flippening was real too.
You could have screencapped all sorts of prophesies to whip out when it mooned.
(It did something like 0.175 ETC/ETH at one time early January 2017 all sorts of drama was going back and forth)
sooooooooooooooAll in on LINK?
rumor has it the chinese miners are the ones producing the volume on korean exchange.. they can no longer trade on chinese exchanges
Dita von teese makes me jizz in my pants
bitcoin or coreWait, I thought core=bitcoin?
Where the fuck are you cunts pulling two years from?
Every single shill today has said 'two years until bitcoin scales' tacitly admitting bitcoin can scale, but claiming it will take a 'long time'.
Its fucking bullshit and anyone should be able to see through it.
When someone confuses the terms like that, its ok to ignore everything they are trying to say.
Goyim...I
shhh let the weak hands sell, accumulating over here
kekIf only /biz/ would actually use their fucking brains and jump on this train they'll actually see some real money but too many dumbcunts are so emotionally tied to the btc shitcoin they won't let go and will get wiped out soon enough.
You tell people they can buy bitcoin for less than $1000 all over again.>they laugh and call you a dumb cunt
fuck off