I wanna hire someone to get a pic of a girls ass for me.
How would I do this, and what should I expect price wise?
Bump
elaborate i'm not understanding why you dont creep shot yourself
I'll get you a picture of a girl's butt for 2 XMR.
Cause I can't go near her.Xmr?
A girl and her ass OP>he does it 4free
It's funny cause I have a specific woman in mind, but I do appreciate the humour.
holy shit kek, come on op whats the story here
If anyone is interested, kik me at riptheflesh or email me at briannellamawoman@gmail.com I have work, so I can't stay in thread all day.
But I'll answer any questions I can in kik and/or email.Thanks to all
She just doesn't want me around anymore, but I miss her sweet ass and am willing to pay for pics of it.
Obviously better pics could get more money.She is located in Lewisville, TX, but I can give anyone interested a way to contact her and try to get something that way
She has the greatest ass of all time.
The world is missing out on not seeing it.
So every day I go without it is that much harder
dude kys
Probably one day.
For now, I just need that ass back in my life
This is a very strange /pol/ troll thread
Pol is where I should post this then?And this isn't a troll.
I will really pay.
Job offer is real
RP as a nigger with a bbc ,you will get it for free
Fuck your mother if you want fuck.
Name or pic at least?
Also state?
Contact my email or kik for details.
I don't wanna say anything on here beyond Lewisville, Tx
I guess I can say her name is Cheyenne blairUsed to be gardener
Bumped
no, take this pathetic shit to /r9k/ or /b/
R9k?
I'll try.B just got really weird and wanted to get a circle jerk together.
But I'm willing to pay pretty well for this
I'll go up to $60 for this damn pic.
Just need someone who wants easy money
Guess I should say 60 per pic.
But it depends on pic quality for what I'd pay.
Like being a photojournalist.
But for this perfect ass
No interest at all, or no one lives in texas?
At this point you might as well catfish her and ask her for a butt nude for $60.