Who here misses this guy?New report out soon...
Cant wait to dump on his subscribers hahahahahahahahah
7 hours remaining.
How can you unironically take advice from someone that looks like thatHe should be the top post on /r/punchable faces and that's without the fact that he is a criminal
what is to be expected of his coin pick ?x2 ?
x10 ?
what is the usual ?
wait really?
i thought it was in 31 hourst.
gmt +2
when is announcement?
It was POWR!
You are too late!
Go back to sleep!!!
[CL]
teeka pls stop posting here
what is the best way to buy into the coin?
do you buy at last/market price?
or do you buy into the sell orders?
>buy bitcoin cash up to 1400the guy is a fucking meme
ITS.
NOT.
FUCKING.
POWR.even if you like the coin and want to hold it for reasons other than PBC, people WILL dump this HARD when it comes out that this is NOT the pick.
Sell now and buy back after the dump.
Lmao this screenshot is like two weeks old.It's powr, fagit
After he announced Ripple as the next big 'breakout' crypto; he's probably going to pick Ethereum next.
What's it gonna be?
Didn't he more or less mention FCT, could be one possibility.
Dear subscribers, Wealth something something paradigm shift wealth finance future something something asset currency wealth affluence cryptography...blah blah...the secret pick for this month is...BITCOIN!!!!!
Show me who the leading mind from MIT is that is a former energy derivatives trader on the POWR team.
Fucking dumbass I hope you lose all your money fag.
It just is powr, alright?
kek
Lmao @ u fucking fagit it is power.
Lmao at crusty nocoiner fag
$50 in btc to whoever answers this question.
if im subscribed what is the best way to buy the coin?
im planning to go in big so if i buy at last price the whole order might not fill right?
bc the price will be going up fast?
so what is the best way to do it
if im subscribed what is the best way to buy the coin?
?what the fuck are you asking?there's a hot link in the email....or something.
LOL.
im asking if i want to throw 10btc in when it is announced.
how can i make sure my order of 10btc gets filled bc if the market price is $1 and i buy in at market price with 10 btc i dont think my whole order will get filled
best way would be to spread over 2-3 exchanges and fill your order as fast as possible on multiple exchanges.
Are you stupid or gay.
It’s called accumulation jesus
how can i accumulate now when i dont know what coin it is stupid
and remember let the game come to you!
i already know what exchange it is going to be on..
It's a cryptocurrency called "Bit-Coin"
and when it is announced there will be no time to accumulate stupid
SLR

why do people listen to this stupid pajeet scammer?
he is a known scam artist.
why do people listen to this stupid pajeet scammerBecause of quick gains.
How hard is it to understand?
>anon misses me
No.
Factom is already on his buy and hold list.
He will pick a new coin.
Isn't this the literal pajeet who said that OmiseGo could be as high as $670 per token next year, then said to only buy OmiseGo up to $6 in the next issue?Wow, such confidence.
So not pump and dump.
So what's the consensus on what it will be now?
Look I have the same problem here’s my plan take it or leave it.
I’m going to look st the spread and buy with a few waves of market buys.
Buy once on market wait for the inevitable sells of people trying to get in market wave buy again, then again.
It started with energy coin rumor, then the neets narrowed it down to powr and slrSome say Pajeeka got upset about the weaponized autismo methods blowing his picks and that he's supposed to switch his choice.Who fuckin knows.
4449192>It started with energy coin rumor, then the neets narrowed it down to powr and slr>Some say Pajeeka got upset about the weaponized autismo methods blowing his picks and that he's supposed to switch his choice.>Who fuckin knows.
Damn well let's hope Twentya gets back on here then!
he's supposed to switch his choice.This is speculation.
He never said he was changing his pick.
He didn't with ZEN.
He just told his subscribers to wait until the price went below his buy up to price and hold.He did say that he would hold his cards close to his chest in the future and not provide any hints again.
Hope it's powr....
It's not.
No MIT connection.
SLR then?
i wasnt asking what coin it is.
im asking do i just buy in at market price?
or do i buy into the sell orders at a higher price?
?