I didn’t think I was a brainlet, because I maintain a high paying job, but crypto has really made me question my intelligence.
I don’t think I’m a genius by any means, but maybe a bit above average.
I keep making a little money on crypto then losing it and then some.
I get greedy.
I can’t predict coin patterns and generally don’t understand why coins pump and fall beyond hype and large pump group’s manipulation (which I don’t know enough about to track).
Honestly I think I may just be an idiot and that makes me rather bummed out.
I’m glad I only dipped my toes into crypto with 3k and glad I’ve only lost about $600, but really this whole experience has just shot my self esteem more than anything, and it was already not great to begin with.
ya buy fenx
Don't feel too bad.
The crypto market is and will remain extremely volatile and vulnerable to manipulation before the tokens and currencies represent assets and access to utilities and goods that are redeemable in real life.Even BTC, despite its massive size, is highly manipulable.
Not being able to read the manipulation is what makes me feel dumb honestly, but I guess you’re right.
I missed the boat and got in far too late, which didn’t help.
There are ways to defend oneself against the manipulation, like never chasing a sudden rise, that is, never trying to ride a wave, and only putting money into seemingly solid projects that have a very low marketcap and little awareness about it, or solid platforms that are about to launch but whose tokens are clearly undervalued given the likely traffic and usage of that token in the early days of the platform.
It requires a lot of research, however, and it requires presence on smaller exchanges and etherdelta because usually by the time something goes on a big exchange, awareness is up by a lot and price skyrockets before you can say "fug".
And even then, one has to spread bets quite a bit because there are things out of one's control and information one cannot know.It's a lot of effort.If I didn't want to put in a lot of effort or I was going on a vacation I'd just park my stuff in ethereum right now.
It's the most sure to not drop, and the most sure to rise in the mid-term (1-3 months).
For someone to make money on crypto some people have to lose it.
Maybe trade with a smaller amount until you get better or give up.
Not completely.
The total crypto market cap increasing gives an average yield to everyone who was in crypto before the increase.2018 is likely to be big for the crypto marketcap to increase because it will see the launch of many platforms that provide real services and products in the living world, which will hype crypto in general tremendously.