Holy fuck China is the worst market manipulator ever.
Honey dicking on a massive scale.
what.
the.
fuck.
AAAAAAAAAAAAAA I fucking knew it im gonna be so rich.
Holy shit bump
They rig the market into their favour countless times.
I don't understand why people take them seriously
November 18th - 19th, 2017: NEO attending China open source conference 2017: Source: http://www.huodongxing.com/go/coscon17November 21st, 2017: NEO attending swissnex China in Shanghai: Source: http://www.swissnexchina.org/en/event/future-of-moneyseries-coming-to-china/November 26th, 2017: CoZ announces #1 dApps competition winners each winning 1350 GAS Source: https://cityofzion.io/dapps/1November 27th, 2017: ONCHAIN meetup NYC, Onchain's Blockchain Project Launch + NEO Ecosystem Sharing Session https://www.meetup.com/de-DE/Onchains-Blockchain-Project-Launch-NEO-Ecosystem-Sharing/events/245101761/December 4th, 2017: NEO attending Blockchain World Conference in Bangkok: Source: https://blockchainworldconferences.com/December 7th, 2017: NEO meetup Singapore: Source: https://www.meetup.com/de-DE/NEO-Singapore/December 13th, 2017: NEO meetup at Cambridge: Source: https://www.meetup.com/de-DE/NEO-Cambridge/non stop moon mission
Is this real?
Can you link the article please?
better buy NEO now, it's like buying ETH at 35$
Jesus Christ.
not to mention they're only in it for the $ - notice how promising projects are really low and garbage chink coins are spiking all the time - gamblers
SELL.
THE .
NEWS.
Now just imagine the bullshit they'll pull in the future when the market does not go their way, that's why I don't invest in Chinese coins anymore.
It doesn't matter how manipulative the chinks are as long as you anticipate and take advantage of that
seems legit
What does ICO mean
Interesting Coin Oppertunity
AHHHH WTF I am holding Metaverse, are they gonna be let into Chinese market too?
For anyone interested, this article is on the rmb times website.Read it and while I hope for it to be true, it sounds like complete bullshit.
There are several existing and upcoming open source platforms made Chinese developers and it would be an outrage, even in Communist China, to monopolise a project when adoption is just starting.
lol dream on noob
a real article apparentlyhttp://rmbtheory.com/china-allowing-icos-neo/can´t verify that info though
Inspiring Chinese offering
4417348show bob send vagene
this.
don't fomo buy in, wait for the fucking dip.
WHAT DO WHAT DO WHAT DO AAAHHHH
Got in at 41
kekmight as well though
got in at 364k sats when I saw it bottomed out.
Smart trader here
4417359I don’t think so.
For real
Fuck.
Should I FOMO or not?
Got in at 479000Already dropping ofc.
It always happens.
ALSO GOT IN AT 41.
Dafuck is this article?????
Wow niggaz, wow.
and we got 44 dubz.......dubs.
DOUBLE CHECKED.
Price will be over 1000 dollars each NEO.
Screencap this.
Is this legit?
People don't fomo this is BS.
Wait for the actual authorities to report not some shitty site.
Is this legit?
It always happens because you buy at all time highs.
Learn not to FOMO.
Got in at 4360 but sold because of fucking BTC bullshiting the alts.
fuck me FUCK.
Website is called the rmb theory.
Think.
4417497FAKE NEWS
Adx usually follows neo so once it falls from a recent signal group fomoing in you should buy.
so glad ppl with brain told me not to fomo
Was that the dip?
bought @ .0044
Initial coin offering like an IPO in regular stocksI thought Id give you the real answer so I don't have to deal with you're idiocy in another thread in the futuregoogle is you're friend, posters here are more often not.
dubs want you to FOMO anon.
Get the fuck in were landing in Beijing for a stopover first and shooting to the moonhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OacVy8_nJi0
Buy the dip
Intelligent crab overlords
if this was real, china allowing ICOs but only on NEO, it would be $100+ right now.
J U S T W A I T
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO ALL MY LINK IS GONEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
So I buy NEO now?
Actually NEO's GAS is the real buy here.
This was a Teeka pick in August and he predicted that if NEO becomes a Chinese state sponsored blockchain, GAS could be valued at $300.
GAS currently has supply of 14 million.
Compare that to ether which has a supply of 100 million.
KEK you do realize that RMB Theory is literally just a NEO shill blog?
Crypto has reached new levels of astroturf.
:trump_fake_news.jpg:
Another headfake by the Chinese.
Just dump their garbage and stick with ETH.
Biggest exchange volume for NEO right now decides to go on maintenance.
lol Bittrex
Yeah in reality they're endorsing ETP and NULS while NEO is getting banned.
Screencap this.
This is fake news.
It's a stupid blog with 9 articles lol you guys will fall for anything
Doesn't matter if it's bullshit.
Let it rise some more.
I'm making sweet gains.
you dont get real gains with this shitlook at stellar, ibm shot it up 200% overnight andd then the pathetic fake paypal news couldnt even make it go near the IBM highs
479>all time highall time for you, maybe.
Buy NEO at fresh highs?
Or maybe buy an under the radar coin that is part of the NEO ecosystem and has yet to get attention/moonhttps://neonexchange.org/Releasing whitepaper in 3 days, LRC will be crucial to this, it is a decentralized exchange protocol that works on the back end of the exchange and solves the problems of other DEX's, will actually be used since the exchange uses it on their end vs the customerDYOR faggots
Its "Incentive Cock Onslaught", its a Chinese proverb for an oncoming opportunity to buy something like a coin for a reduced price.
agree LRC will be huge.
They're new logo sucks shit tho
To fomo or not to fomo.
yeah, when the actual authorities say it it will skyrocket to 200, not going to buy it then faggot.
SELL SELL SELL
Not fake the ico thing is real my whale group is still trying to confirm the bithumb rumour though