4336629Read these, I figured out what the fucks going to go down soon, like, tonight or tomorrow.TLDR; Whales going to dump BTC, buy up BCC and push that above $2700, then sell it off and buy back BTC when it's low, that $2700 BCC was a test.It's just what I see is going to happen.This would be a perfect way to spend all of those BCC.Anyway, /discuss.
dubs confirms it, I just want to add:"A few whales might gather and fuck BCC in the asshole, It wouldn't die before but wait till you see this shit, people still have confidence in BCC so they're going to royally fuck it to hell and back and make sure that coin doesn't exist.They have the power to wipe out their competition, what a better way than to go completely balls deep.He didn't buy all of those coins at $2700 for nothing.It could be because BCC is getting too big, they were able to contain it last time, now it's stuck at $1000+ so they're going to make sure, people take their money out of it.Someone out there REALLY wants BTC to be the main coin.
"This is my thoughts.
As you can see it looks like a MEME uptrend.But this is the peak of the curve, given it's going to go up a little more not much, It'll then go down for the great dump!It's almost matched the other peak, it won't match it.It's going to cause panic sells once it starts to go down, then it'll be time to dump it.
I have a feeling it starts soon
I'M FREAKING OUT GUYS.I SAID "LET IT BEGIN" AND BTC IS MOONING.GET YOUR SHIT OUT OF BTC IT'S GOING TO DUMP.
Dats sum tru ilerminaty shiat
FUCK I CAN'T DEAL WITH THIS SHIT.Not because of money loss or what ever, because this is fucked, I spook myself.Any you can't tell people about it or you're seen as fucking CRAZY.
I literally laughing my ass off.
I made 120k$ with this BCH run already and expect more
You guys still have time, this shits going south.TYPING THIS IT'S AT 1337 FUCK.
Read my previous posts, and tell me I'm wrong, this is all evidence and clairvoyant shit.I'm cursed with making other people rich and myself I like to stay poor and humble.So enjoy the GAINS TONIGHT FELLAS.I have a small discord server https://discord.gg/KmSnwh we discuss cryptos, cfds and shit.
Stop bag holding people.Put it into BCC because the whales are accumulating (Pull out at 2k to be safe).
Just the tip.It's a double titty dump.
learned friend, what should i do?
buy bitcoincash with my bitcoin?
do it now?
do it later?
Well if I'm correct buy BCC till 2k.BTC is struggling at $6,400, you could leverage a short position down to $6k.BCC ain't moving past $1,000 so you'd be good to buy.But all of this crap is unstable AF.NEO's always a good buy at around $25.I would wait on BTC because since it's struggling at $6400 it's gonna tank to rebuild and correct itself, it's ALWAYS going to be here, but I rekon these whales what everyone to know it's here to stay and to fuck off from BCC because they don't like BCC at $1,000.Hell they didn't like it at $800 but it went down, now it's stuck and needs to bleed, what a better way than to pump it's guts past 3k again, then dump it off.It's the ONLY coin that is trying to replace the "KING" do you really think china want this shit around?
do you think they want people to have BCC at $1,000?
that's how BTC started, $1,000 then only UP.They want to tank BCC, and they're going in RAW.Seriously, if you were china, and your coin was threatened, you would destroy the competition, that last pump was a scare, but it's not enough, they gotta tank this thing, then they can ascend BTC to 10k which is what they want.Only then can it's value rise to $25k then $100k.It can't do that if BCC is around, trying to replace it.DESPITE BCC being faster transactions, it's all about the money, they do not care about what BTC does, BTC is popular, normies invest in it, normies do not give a shit about what it is.This is all just speculation, but this is what this shit is saying to me, and as we speak we see BTC's going back down with people trying to hold that shit with 0 momentum.
Look at this picture.Now I could be wrong on this, but BTC has been swinging all day, it's trying to shake BCC, it just can't get it below $1,000.Normies and people keep investing because it's stagnant, they keep investing in this shit, this is money they could invest into BTC.You can tell by how broken this shit is and how much they're trying to hurt people by tanking it, they're going to bump this sky high and nuke it.They're prepare to tank BCC because BTC will never die, not with it being the baseline currency.China want their 10k BTC.China don't like BCC.China nuke BCC again, no bleed out this time.Anyway, screen cap all my bullshit, I just wish they would hurry up and tank it already, I want to be able to sleep tonight, I don't want to miss the BCC tanking.
and i dont wanna miss the BCC moon, dunno what you mean by China want 10k btc, chinese were biggest backers of bcc pumpwhales and normies are accumulating
korea*
Well it's hard to pinpoint, when they'll do it.They backed the pump to pump and dump it, but it got stuck at $1,000.BCC isn't supposed to be $1,000.BTC is slowing down and on a steady rise but keeps getting dips down.This is the calm before the storm I rekon.
BCC has had not much action for the past few hours.If this was a bleed it would be sub $1,000 by now, we would see a new floor.This is quiet.When BCC goes down, BTC goes up, and vise versa, they both can't co exist with BCC being so highly valued.We still got "117232 unconfirmed" transactions.BTCs at $6400, some shits gonna happen soon.
BCH pump?
I'm expecting something of the sort, look at BTC it's stopped going up.THERE'S A STORM COMING PEOPLE.RUUUUUUUUN.
hardfork in 8h, big effects (if any) to be most likely seen within 2-3 days after
Looking forward to buying discounted BTC again
Well everything I've said seams logical.I don't know how BTC will moon if BCC won't sell.You're probably right, but everyones watching this tonight I'd imagine, so people will see this moon.
Boom.
Chinks will push through one more pump using the fork and mining as the hype tools again.
I made good bux off the last one but I'll sit this one out and reinvest in the King at discount prices.
They must be pumping it to 7/8k again.
reddit spacingSTOP RIGHT NOWYOURE HURTING MY EYES
It's because I didn't expand the box and keep thinking these are paragraphs, I can type all this shit on 1 line if you like.
BTC is doomed purely based off its piss-poor user experience.
Stupid high fees and unreliable transfers.
There is no value in that.
BCH will win because of that alone.
We reached BCH bottom, pump started!
Maybe not, BTC is doing a double titty cock explosion.
double titty cock explosion
"dumped" 0.11756372 BTC for 0.66254553 BCC, wish me luck learned /biz/ friend.
post your wallets and i'll send you some love if i make a tidy profit.
titty cock explosionNah thats a clear flippyclick, all in.
4338068
people still have confidence in BCCBut that's not true, except for acolytes on /biz/ and shills on /r/btc.
BCH is a coin which is based on an old version of Bitcoin, didn't get even a single one update since the fork, and there's only one "active" developer who doesn't even contribute to code but argue with people on GitHub.
This is a sham project.
It's curving down, like semen does now.
This made my morning.
Cheers.
How about this one.I need a girl friend, but noone will date a poorfag.
I see the classic cock-spouting-cocktail-sauce onto-a-shrimplet pattern.
This is a positive sign of success.
Get that white wine ready, shrimp incoming.
Fucking lol.