Read their whitepaper, and read a bit around on the forums and check it out.
It's the most legit project you will find.
Not just promises, but a working product and tonnes of customers waiting.
Soon to launch.
I know you think I talk shit, but research it.
You will regret it if you don't.They have close relations with Novartis among others (Modum's co-founder is head of sterile packaging and supply chain at Novartis) - a pharma company with a 215 billion dollar market cap.
Modum already has a working product and they will initially provide blockchain monitoring for shipments of pharmaceuticals from Q1 2018.
Only 27.2 million tokens, and they cost less than 2 dollars at the moment.
Just call me a shill, but Modum will kick ass.
It will go nuts when people find out about it.
It's so incredibly undervalued.
And the reason I say "initially" is because they got so many patents, and they plan on later on expanding their business model to many other areas, such as normal parcel shipments.
Besides that, new EU regulation requires pharma companies to constantly monitor the drugs during shipping.. And as I stated, Modum has patented their sensors, and it's the easiest, safest and cheapest way to do it.
The pharma industry will become addicted to Modum - cause they have to comply, and no one else can provide it, since they have it patented.Modum's CEO, Simon Dössegger is the former product and technology manager for aerial platforms at GoPro.
One of their advisors is Heinrich Zetlmayer, who has held several top positions at IBM.
Modum is serious business.
Based in Switzerland - like many of the big pharma companies.
So go figure out the rest..
The token pays dividends in Ethereum on a quarterly basis proportionally to what you have.
It's gonna completely skyrocket.
They got big customers lined up from many countries.
They won't even be able to keep up with the demand, I think.
Just wait.
40-50 dollars by the end of 2018 - at least.
This coin should already be $10The fact that it isn't makes me lose faith in the entire altcoin market.
Literally if Mod doesn't moon I'm selling every altcoin I have and just buying BTC because if this amazing project doesn't moon then alts are just a gamble
Yeah ah shame really.
I'm accumilating the shit out of this coin.
Investing in good projects will always pay off some day.
I would rather invest in legit companys than those obvious pumps and dumps (which can make you a good stack of money )
What was the ICO price in $?
$
Nice to see some good investments getting shilled every now an again
So when packages are tracked, then send the data on their blockchain?
So each shipment costs a small amount of MOD?
Seriously great project, going to look at a dip to buy in.
Based on IOTA, no fees.MOD = company shares
I just did the same thing, the alt market is dead.
Strictly focused on the king now (BTC)
If any altcoin is going to be a success it's this one.
Yeah real world adoption of blockchain technology..
It's basically what we are all waiting for.
So what do the MOD tokens acutally do?
Give the company money
HAHAHA
They work sort of as shares as I understand
After reading the white paper, you're right.
You get voting rights and they also pay dividends in the form of Ethereum.
Pretty cool.