tempt and torment me all you want, but these hands will not sell!
brothers in arms i stand with you
iron hands, they will sink you.
I finally was able to let go and go with my gut at .08 and have bought in with the rest the last couple of days
senpai.
buy back in now before you regret it
like if you could.
there's 140k in line before you.
Just bought the dip
I don't think BCH is taking over either, but you're still retarded for not temporarily leaving.
Literally basing your investments on internet memes and emotionslel
HOLD YOUR GROUND, SAVE THE KING AT ALL COSTS

i've only made money off of shit I was Iron Hands on.
XLM, NEO (bought at 13 during the China FUD) , POTCOIN.
May my family forgive me if I fail by sticking to my plan.
WE ARE THE CORE MARINE CORPSThese heretics will burn
green candle any minute now
just lost over $4,000 hold me anons
I'm firmly graspingBut you know, if this can't hold $5,000... we are pretty fucked.
The chart gets ugly at that point.
Oh no, 6 weeks salary, how will you ever recoverYou DO have a job, right?
rule #1 : buy the fucking dipdont just stand therethis is a golden opportunity to add to the pile, we might not get many more of these types of situations (to this extent, anyways)
BCH just hit 2k
fomoing into bch at ath isnt emotional
When do I buy back?
I regret everything, BCH is a fishy coin with no future.
It's not fomo when there's a split happening in 2 days retard.Just like I was all in BTC until segwit was called off and I sold at 7400 and transitioned to BCH at 750 in anticipation of the split.But sure, you got le irun hands XD
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lTs6a0ORdQULook at the rats run
Right now
Selling at a 3% loss>Not just purchasing more at the buy point for even greater profits
TA says no right now, some specific level I should look for?
I could adjust my charts.
Not just purchasing more at the buy point for even greater profitsWith what money retard?
You never sold
With what money retard?>He has every cent he owns in crypto
Try 5000ish
No, because I'm not a faggot "iron hands" retard.Iron hands by definition means you're not safeing it
TAi dont think your charts are going to do much good in this wild environment right now loljust start guessing
post your blockfolio then faggot
The weak should fear the strong.
Seriously why would you buy alts right now?Lets say you have 250 bucks of bitcoin you bought at 7k, now that bitcoin is 5.5k it is worth 200 bucks and any alts u buy will be with 200 bucks not 250 so you not only get less as alts havent dropped in SATS only in dollar value because bitcoin has dropped.Example: You spend 250 on bitcoin at 7k+Now your bitcoin worth in dollars is 200~If you put in that bitcoin into an alt and it goes up 25% you made 50 bucks on your 200 and now you have gone even
see 
6 weeks' salaryThat's barely half a week's salary.
You are like a baby
TREX WONT LET ME LOT IN
insulting someone who makes 3x while you lose moneylol
I don't own BCH or BTC
>insulting someone who makes 3x while you don't make anything
for 
I only have 3 dollars so...
Just transferred my bch from the fork to btc, thanks bch fags