Ok.
I am heavily invested into this shitcoin.
But now it is srly confirmed.
Everything is mooning and this shitcoin is lower than before the news.
WTC meanwhile 40%+Link meanwhile 40%+OMG / IOTA fcking ultra high market cap, both + 25%And here we are are.
REQ cannot break ICO level.
Just let me free of this shitcoin
Give it time and dont drop your bags.
REQ will be fucking huge.
I bought after the ico so im golde, but im waiting for an easy 10x
it went up 30% yesterday you brainlet
IOTA is an "ultra high market cap" because it's the most original crypto project.It's not a shitty fork like most other things in the top 10
you fuckin moron.
do you not realize that established cryptos have different dynamics in the market than brand fucking new ones?
Req has never pumped before.
All the people jumping into the alts you mentioned are people that wont touch req until it has some news and some real promise.
I hold 170k reqIm not a retardIm patient
My avarage buy in is 0.0019 - nearly went all in the ico with multiple accounts, but REQ's perfomance is disgusting right now.Oh no, it went up 30% and is still below ico price.
What are you trying to tell me?
Even more of a confirmation for this shitcoin.
That's not completely true.
Tons of these altcoins in the green had no news or "real promise".
REQ just doesn't have the shill team 6 that others like LINK does
OMG / IOTA fcking ultra high market cap, both + 25%wait till eoy.
big news ahead.
you'll win.
IOTA will be over $18 in 2020.
They are heavily dependent on the IoT industry growing, hence the wait.Long term it's juicier than a obese white girl's ass
We need a scamcoin sticky and a 'real business will grow'-coin sticky
yes link pumped hard from the convenient sibos confrence post ico...it has little to do with the fundamentals of the product.
Req just doesnt have even that yet....
But people are watching it...
Agreed.
REQ will have it's day in the sun
And til' this day is coming, you will be old and rotten.
Wait until friday before you make any decisions.
The team is going to release screenshots of the platform and there will be a pump.
I knew that this would be a Q1-Q2 2018 hodl anyway, but it's srly disgusting watching it below ico after several days.
Source of this "screenshot" rumour?
Source of anything?
Req will be bigger than OMG in the end.
It's better for pretty much anything, useful for more things and ultimately less convoluted to use as long as business hold it.
OMG is going to moon in january though.Whatever guys, don't worry.
YCombinator is extremely aggressive.
aint shit gonna happen until sharding and plasma goes live.
so hold REQ/OMG til then
My first crypto endevour was 2 weeks ago i bought 8.6 Eth for 2500.
Im very interested in Req, Ark, Golem, Gnosis, First Blood and a few more cryptos....I want to buy but my ledger nano s is in the mail and I dont want to put my coins on a desktop wallet that can be hacked.
Is there any wallets that are unfuckable out there?
My two concerns with altcoins is wallets and exchange navigation.
Please help
My stuff is just sitting on exchanges.
I was going to buy a ledger nano this week but I do all my trading transactions on my phone and it appears the OTG adapter is discontinued.
I don't know what to do other than gamble and hope the exchanges don't disappear or get compromised.
thats the wrost way for storage.
Theres a huge issue in my eyes with hard wallets not being able to hold a vast amount of different currencies.
I feel like the hackers are going to destroy everyones money when normies get into crypto in order to force them to freak out and kill the elites
In theory nothing is unfuckable.
Only cold storages are the only safe way to go, but then a human has to use it, and this is were flaws are coming in too.
You should be gucci with a nano s and what are 80 USD for it?
ye nigga
Have patience young one, slow and steady wins the race.
If you sell your coins and buy hyped ones instead you'll end up losinge verything
I know it's not good but I don't know what else to do since I don't have WiFi and don't trust public connections to use a desktop wallet.I'm stuck with either the clusterfuck of multiple paper wallets or exchanges.
Or mobile wallets, but I'm still confused with these and haven't researched them much.
What desktop wallet should I use for my alt coins?I dont have any yet but im going to the moon with one of them.
Are you planning on sitting on these coins for months?
If you started a few weeks ago, chances are you won't.
This means you will constantly (weekly, if not every other day) trade some of that shit for other shit, which will make cold storage a pain.That's not a lot of money.
Just split it on few exchanges and hope they dont die until you accumulate a considerable amount.
I WANT MY LAMBO NOW!!!!
WAAAAAAA!!!!!
go kill yourself.
Usually when btc drops finex alts go up, the money flows from one to the other.
req is not on finex.