HOLY FUCKING SHIT
whaaat?
WHERE CAN I BUY THIS
ETHERDELTA.
IT'S DRP
do you want to become poor?
poverty coin.
No updates to github in 5 months.
Steer cleer of this shit coin.
People trying to P&D.
Don't become a bagholder biz.
You've been warned
Im only on bittrex, dont know a whole lot about other exchanges.
Easy to get up and going on there?
it's obviously mooning quit being a FUDster
Ether Delta isn't as intuitive to use as bittrex.
Maybe let this one go, and learn how to use it, and catch the next trip if you want to be safe.
it's easy basically... but lots of people lose money because they do stupid stuff (switch price and amount of token) also there is no order matching.
Holy fucking shit, just made some nice gains
Just checked out the site holy shit its a fucking nightmare wow, I wanna get in on this coin but Etherdelta stresses me out just looking at it
what was the ICO price?
mfw 200% up already MUH DIK
I also dont have any ETH, would that be a problem with this exchange?
FUCK ME I ALWAYS MISS MOON MISSIONSJust saw a shill post about EDO and went in already up 20% NOT GONNA MISS ANOTHER MOON MISSION
how could you have missed it?there was a 4chan biz patrician meme.
monaco was there, dcorp was there.
....YesYou need ETH to buy tokens, and you need to leave 0.002 at all times to pay the gas fee for transferring eth between the wallet and the smartcontract or you won't be able to place the transaction.Its a decentralized exchange, you can buy/sell directly from others at whatever price you want, and it will go through.
It's really easy to fuck up on there, but mastering ED is key to making money flipping tokens.
Wow look how easy it is to bait these fucking newfag morons until buying your shitcoin
https://www.reddit.com/r/EtherDelta/comments/6hrxjw/etherdelta_guides_for_first_time_users/Make sure you're completely familiar with the website before trying to buy/sell shit on here.
You're going to get cucked hard if you rush in.
Just use cryptopia its an easy exchange with no easy registration
wish etherdelta for this was on blockfolio, manually calculating gains is a pain
Dont be this retard
bagholders gonna baghold.
That's it biz.
That's the way
What the fuck
Someone got 37 ETH for 0.001 DRP?Derp
4272868ultimate derp
How?!
Just doubled my money in 4 hours.
Thanks /biz/
Why is it so cheap?
2x already
4273083BTFO
why is there no order matching that's retarded... you have to manually buy up each order in the book if you don't want to over pay?
Funs over
It will still moon more, shit looks promising (even though there might come a small dip now).
CMC is being added really soon as well (the page already works for the coin).
I cant keep these tokens on bittrex can I, they have to stay on cryptopia?
Just make an ether wallet to keep ERC tokens in.
Go to myetherwallet.
yfw you thought this was just a memeMonaco is shit but not if you bought under a dollar.
Bought 1.5 ETH in ICO 5 months ago.
Forgot about this piece of shit.
Thought I'd be lucky to get 1 ETH back.
Someone just paid 5 ETH for my bags... Did i do good or fuck up?
I can't decide.
J U S TUST
Skies the fucking limit boys.
We made it.
Check price - back at daily high.
Sorry bud, weak ass fud.
not even close asshatTO THE MOON
how often does this happen?