decentralized and uncensored torrents & standalone wallet due out at the start of next month.
Pajeets selling their moon tickets.It's been confirmed guys, this is going to be listed on exchanges.
https://etherdelta.com/#0x017188526374f723ec66509ea0c44dd797a33c84-ETH
Wew that order book is annihilated.
Glad I sold earlier.
THIS IS A SCAM, DO NOT BUY IT.
BITTREX WHEN
I'm buying.
Dude you are really going to miss out.Its obviously real.
www.feenix.tech.
ico ends in 2 days.
44562394456153https://etherscan.io/address/0x6876ce53edbb5eb948991e9ea04ef4fdccc65d5cFuck off you cunt.
Those are fake coins.
Check the creators coin holdings.
Coins mispelled.
Is this another confido??
or are you accumulating??
yes with 1 eth worth of sales.. Look at the orderbook.
some pajeet who self admittedly is trying to play whale games sold into the buy wall.. its growing back again.
look at the order history volume/prices.
It wont take much for this to seriously move.
Sooner or later some discord group will start pumping it and there goes your cheap moon tickets.
Wtf are you talking about?
It's not misspelled.
It's supposed to be feenix.
You fucking moron... you just proved its real.Contract address on that address is0x017188526374f723ec66509ea0c44dd797a33c84
A salty motherfucker who cant EtherDelta more likely
all of the old orders that are so low no one wants to sell to are expiring.people should take advantage of this opportunity
LOL someone wants to buy 500k fenx for 0.7 eth.no one has that much.if they were smart they could take out the orderbook up to 0.0001 for easy money
 decentralized torrentsTHIS ALREADY EXISTS!!
Holy fuck, the people that buy this "ICO" or token are really fucking dense.
I wish I was making this up as fud, but do you realize that is how torrents always have been?
You connect to multiple peers and download different bits of a file until you have it all.
While you download and afterwards you can become a seeder.
YOU DON'T NEED A TOKEN FOR THIS it has worthless value!!!
Look at these idiots filling up the order book.
this shit is going nowhere.
Glad I was able to dump half my airdrop last night for $400
That's pretty good for an airdrop.
Are you the guy that sold at 0.000128?I'll hold onto my bags, maybe one day a pump and dump group will drive the price up, and if not, I didn't lost anything really.
hate to say it but you're wrong.
exchange listing soon.
you just missed out on some real money.
t. someone who has never used a private tracker or understands the incentivization models behind one
                     
How will it handle my privacy and anonymity?
Nothing about it in the whitepaper.
I don't want to get sued OP
                     
he didn't read the whitepaper.
lol
https://twitter.com/FeenixCoin/status/925575798190428160
https://twitter.com/FeenixCoin/status/925575798190428160This doesn't answer anything
Why wouldn't they have implemented privacy lmao
I'm not saying they haven't.
I'm saying there's no source to show they have.
Their whitepaper didn't mention it at all.
4457153Whoops clicked the wrong post
Hey when they get listed, do I have to use gas?
I'm noobish when it comes to eth and etherdelta btw
Which exchange and when?
You guys are gonna be back here in less than a month with pink wojacks.
Fucking scamNo information on the team, shit whitepaper.Literally college students write more shit than what their white paper says.>babies first whitepaper
you are going to be back here with pink wojacks when you realize you've missed a golden opportunity
i heard hitbtc will be first so make sure you have a hitbtc account ready to go if you are buying
Look at the orderbook guys, this doubles in price 1 eth worth of sales..
This will be trading at 0.002+ soon
yes so you'll need eth in the wallet to pay the gas for every transaction, lots of noobs get stuck without the required gas and can't move funds out of etherdelta as a result.
fuck I've only got 0.00059 eth
4457897Will I need to go pajeet and beg people for eth?
I made 2500 on this coin.
Wish I had more at the time.
Some guy made 6k.
I hope it moons.
I'd feel bad if it turns out to be a scam.
I picked some up cant lose at this price.
Not many cheap coins to buy if you look at the book
There is a lot of money to be made here,but the big money will come at the end of the month when its listed on exchanges
I hope so.
Good luck.
i sent you $1 gas money bro.
save it for the hitbtc listing.
Thank you so god damn much my man
if you really don't have the time to read the 10 page whitepaper watch this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y8B4QqgpoKs

Lullll the classic memesssss.
I guess I should empty my wallet??
?44587694458769Im guessing this piece of shit got the initial 30million coins for that youtube video?He doesnt even know what the fucking coin does, so there is noticeable jump cut at 1min for him to recollect himself.No transparency on any social media or coding sites.
I have a feeling you are a one man team that you are propping up this whole shit.
Protip: we can see the last time youve logged on bitcointalk and reddit.
The team hasnt touched any of those in a month.Get a fucking job and stop ripping people off.
The team is gone with money in hand laughing.
Reddit spotted.
FUD all you want kid i bought off ED today.Every coin has its doubters and competitors that shill against it.Putting up some shitpost wont stop the team from delivering.
Calling me a kid doesn't illegitimatize my arguments.
Post screenshot proof of the recent trades you have for FENX.
standalone wallet due out at the start of next monthWew brah, that's innovative.
Is it called Electrum XX?
Did they pay more than a fivr for it?
You have nothing to prove to me you are correct, although that is a nice way of diverting attention away from posting your proof.
I don't think taking a screenshot of your etherdelta balance is a tall order to ask for, which raises more doubts.In the end, this thread is catalogued.
People can do their research and search through the archives related to FEENIX threads and come to their own conclusions.But to start the thread by saying "Ill just leave this here" as if you are doing us some huge favor without any real proof is questionable.At the end of the day, I hope I am wrong about this.
In case anyone missed the conversation and for archive purposes.
i have purchased a small undisclosed amount, and i will not dump i am waiting for the exchange listing.You are acting like you are doing us all a big favor when even shitcoins with nothing run 50x when they get listed on exchanges.
this actually has a lot of potential compared to a shitcoin with nothing.
your first post here you failed, calling fenx fake.. and you only proved it was real.
Don't you feel stupid?
no you kept at it.of course you're a troll.
then i said look /pol/ is here.. but i forgot the / and was going to repost it, but it told me 'system thinks its spam' so i thought i'd be nice, and not call you out for your first post fail in my reformatted post.
but i have now because you posted it..
Pointless wasn't it?
Bro, I was done talking about this, but since you are starting back up I will explain my earlier post.Pic related.
There are 4 tokens with different names.
Why?One account has two different tokens with similar names.
Seems scammy.Now you can stfu and let this thread 404 so you can "50x" or we can keep talking about this and I can dig up more shit I find odd.
yeh you are so nice.
at least i thought i was being nice deleting my post..
I hold 18k in total that i bought off ED.
now you are just being a cunt.
>decentralized torrentsstop shilling your meme coin and hust read that statement again