so when is this dragonslayer crap supposed to happen?
i dont think so, pack u bags and just go home.
Last week

this is bullshit memism,next mining difficulty adjustment for bitcoin -24%.don't let shitcoin crash faggots dump on you
-1.16%https://fork.lol/pow/retargetit was -24% like a week ago though.At any rate, even if it's harder or easier, if many miners go for BCH, the difficulty would chance upwards immediately and make it non-profitable very quick.Really we need only one coin to have a quick difficulty change, for BTC to never go into the death spiral
This is what I'm saying, BTC can't survive these profitability attacks forever... fuckurmother is very smart business man
This week and next week.
Also, the week after that.
BTC can't survive these profitability attacks forever..but I just said the opposite and argued why.It's currently impossible for BTC to fall on a death spiral.It was more possible before, but not anymore, thanks to the BCH algorithm.Until BTC changes difficulty retargeting, or PoW algorithm, we will always have to give some hashrate to BCH, but since it's so cheap, it will never take all the hashrate.
It’s not so much about the difficulty adjustment it’s about the fact it will be locked in for a whole 16 days at that difficultly so the minute the miners all leave btc chain at once it will have 16 days minimum before the chain can be become functional.
If they had switched already it would rapidly adjust before the lock in.
Honestly it’s genius this plan and I’m looking forward to another drama weekend
ok my badwhat's the point, miners will immediatly cash out there bch and difficulty adjustment on bch will rise.anyways, btc will be slow with high fees (that's what makes btc btc amarite), 11/25 comes lightning wallet, and rumors of japanese just waiting for a good opportunity to get in the mining game.this shit sure can make some smoke, but it'll be just a big smokescreen like the other last attempts
just had a fat stiffy it did
Bullshit plan.
Any miner colluding this way would suddenly notice that there’s no competition on the btc chain and so all but guarantee himself the block and tx rewards by mining alone.
And no one would be any the wiser as to who broke ranks.
What Operation DragonSlayer is REALLY about: