Stupid BTC fags with 5$ tx cost and 1 hour confirmation time, how does it feel to be left behind?
Because the devs hate white people like myself
Suicide investor on high
TRANSFER OF MY BITCOIN FROM MY WALLET TO AN EXCHANGE TAKES HOURS.
STOP FUCKING MOVING AND WAIT
70 ETH checking in, got in at $10, what up bros
HAHAHA WHAT A GOOD ARGUMENT SOLD ALL MY ETH :)))))
At least I have 5 ETH
How the fuck did ETH just explode suddenly?
Is there going to be a correction or dip?
FML I shoulda got in last week instead of playing alts :/
Actually Vitalik has less than 1% of all ETH, he sold I think half of his when it was $7
because i sold when it started dipping from 380 to 360 last week.went out with +22% but feels bad now
Feels nice I bet.
2.72 bought In yesterday.
Already up 150.
Is comfy ride to 600?
ETH here.
Got in at $4.
Been a great ride the past 2 years,
Pedocoin to the moon
How do i program a script to brute force my wallet password, python doesn't work
Still hanging on to my 3.2 eth.
Should have bought more during the dips.
Lol why did u lose it?
How many eth
Probably people unsure on whether BTC or BCH will win and switching to ETH as a safe haven.
post your private key and ill see what i can do :)
REEE I COULD HAVE BOUGHT THIS AT $330 A FEW DAYS AGO BUT WAS STILL FIGURING OUT HOWNewcoiner here and I would have already made an easy extra $100 to put into LINK
You can still buy now but you know you won’t will you you lazy fucking pig
Sold.
This shit coin just pumped and will dip again.
Garbage long term hold, so fucking happy to be out.
wow i hate money now!
Buy ethereum on bittrex with your btc then exchange it to your custom ether wallet, holy shit
I literally have coinbase up but I'm too much of a market brainlet to know if this is a peak and about to drop within the next few days or if I should buy right this second.That's why I'm scouring /biz/ for info.
This guy's clearly confident it's gonna fall.
for all we know it might go back to 330$ tomorrow>I would have already made an easy extra $100 to put into LINKyou got lucky then
Look at the graphs, this coin cycles, has hit a top, had NO FUCKING INNOVATION in forever, and compared to daddy btc, is a much worse investment.
Hold 1 of this shitcoin and watch it slightly ROI fiat but fucking tank in comparison to ROI btc.
but I'm too much of a market brainlet to know if this is a peak and about to drop within the next few days or if I should buy right this second.pro tip: nobody knowsthe best thing you can do is buy half now and another half a week later, that's what i'm doing.
I don't mean I don't know how to buy.
It just took too long figuring out wallet security and how exchanges work.
In hindsight I should have bought ETH at 330 and held it on coinbase while I figured everything else out but I was warned not to hold on exchanges.
I'd been planning to hold ETH until its first pump before moving it on to LINK so I'd have gained an extra 800-1k Chainlink for doing nothing.Oh well, there'll be worse wojaks to come.
Because LTC is mooning and has been the safer more boring coin
im pissedi bought ETH at like $200 (30 ETH) and grinded up to about 80 ETH and for the longest time just kept holding.
Then about 2 months ago I dumped all my ETH into a bunch of random shitcoins.
Now ETH is mooning and my shit coins already crashed.
Fuck im pissed
get fuckedthe world needs brainlet grunts like you to fund the wealth of the few
Correct.
Eth is also slowly gaining credibility as a good alternative to bitcoin.
It's not mainstream yet, not public mainstream name recognition on bitcoin level anyway, but i think it will get there.
Would it make sense to hold 1BTC and 1ETH?Like, one of them is gonna win right?
like a Betamax / VHS thing?
you should've listened to the actual investors here -yes they do excist on /biz/ still-.
Get the fuck back in ETH right now, it has longterm value and a roadmap to keep the growth coming.1200 USD in Q3 2018.
I'm split between those two and monero.
Pretty sure eventual winner will be one of them.
Ideally when it comes down to head to head between the last two standing we will see a bitter fight and lots of moons back and forth before victor reigns supreme.
ETH is going to at least $800.
It's breaking up from the mega bull pennant, the money will follow.
Get in now and double your investment in a month or two.
Hold it for 1-2 years and get 5x your investment.
ETH will be $2k minimum when Casper is fully released.
Ethereum is the fucking shit.
The FUD is to keep stupid people out.
A lot of people reject it on /biz/ because they're struggling to keep their IQs above 75.
Ethereum is fucking shitFTFY
Ask yourself, will normies buy a piece of shit coin called monero?No.
They're buying Bitcoin and soon they're going to be buying Ethereum.
Buy ETH now, buy some BTC later.
......so fucking buy back in.
I'll never fucking understand you morons.
Imagine complaining about having sold BTC at $200 when it's at $419.ETH's long-term potential is like that.
Fucking huge.
If I were you I'd just buy back in.
Wow anon, you're capable of words!
68 IQ points!
leave him alone he greentexted
THEY WILL NEVER LEARNETH is and will always be KING
look at this dumb ass chink trying to fud in every single eth thread.
why havent you killed yourself yet?
thinking Ethereum is a good name for a currency/technologyFound the 14 year old.
When is it going to tank when do I sell.
Fug, this shit is mooning almost sold at 375.
420 incoming!
Heading to mars!
that chart only looks like that because bitcoin went so high at a much faster rate.when eth corrects , you'll be sad you don't have it
I'm not dissing the name.
Monero has nothing to get people hyped up about.Bitcoin is a store of value.Ethereum will change the world.Monero has a private blockchain?
Not fucking good enough.
Normies actually think this
ETH IS THE TRUE KING
1996>Would it make sense to buy one share of Microsoft and one share of apple?>Like one of them is going to win right?
Like a betamax/VHS thing?
Normalfags will never buy crypto for any reason other than speculation.
Monero has a good chance of becoming the primary currency for blackmarket transactions.
Monero has a private blockchain?
Not fucking good enough.good enough for people willing to buy on deepweb/hide their money, that alone makes it very valuable.
if vitalik holds almost all of the existing eth from premining, does that mean that all thoose eth would prob be gone if say he was assasinated ?
money skele is prob on last stage of aids anyway.
Vitalik's sold the majority of his ETH already.
Implying anyone with more than 100k in crypto doesn't have a contingency plan with private keys in a will
Most of the early speculators have cashed out already, we're in new paradigm mode.Most ICOs have cashed out, most of the devs have cashed out, anybody with week hands over the last 4 months has diversified their holdings, this thing is ready to grow with healthy organic gains.No pump and dumps, no unorganized hardforks.By Casper time, it'll be back at .12btc, or at least 2.5k USD.
Well, lets see>Declined steadily from $400 for nearly 5 straight months>Inflationary, increasing coin supplyDon't get me wrong- I love Eth, I use it every day to transfer value.
Its just not as good a store of value as Bitcoin.
feels great ladsI love how ass blasted BTC maximalists get when ETH does well.
so entertaining.
I bought in under $20 and haven't cashed out....Does this mean I've transcended?
Meme triangle and other TA bullshit shilled by every famous TA analyst on twitter, predicting it to hit $800 after a breakout past ATH>BTC/BCH uncertainty>Lots of updates coming out
No it means you've missed out on a bunch of other investing opportunities between June and now.You could have bought neo at a buck.Then bought back into eth a month ago.
Sold at $420 waiting for a smallish dip before I put all my money back in it, feels good
 at 12.
Feels equally good.
I'm legit getting ready to pay my student loans off a 4chan meme.
anyone willing to gift me some christmas eth?
Guys....what do I do....do I sell?