Join the party, the revolution.
What are you waiting for.
The meme economy has been blockchained.
Certified rarepepes are more valuable than your normal memes and most cryptos.
Get your PEPECASH bags up.
Dont sleep on XCP.
Invest your BTC.
#WHOAPEPE
I'm in
i-is it ok if i take this pepe for my own use?
I don't have any money for pepes.
What kind of pepes can I afford for 10$?
I mean you release monthly like 20 cards and only like 1 every 5 months is actually worth something, like that 5k dollars and only but only if I manage to buy 1 out of 10 for like 300$
Its not ever ok to use copyrighted images for your own use.
Certified Rareson the blockchain were created to monetize the system in this digital world.
Buy 1 or try and collect them all.
After you own a certified rare, then you can use it as you please but only by the rules of engagement.
Why own a fake image when you can own a valuable certified rare?
Rarepepes will never become a currency.
A commodity at best.
JUST sold 21 btc for it, going all in already
Submissions are halted and I dont think we will produce anymore with this project.
There are a few you can own for $10.
The limited they are, the more valuable they have become.
buying 1 of 10 is not likely at $300.
For $10, I can get your collection started.
Also you can join the telegram groups and there are giveaways, especially here:t.me/RAREPEPEBOOST
They are not made to be currencies.
They are art, funny, fun, valuable, revolutionary.
These digital master pieces have influenced many projects in the meme world and crypto community.
Mine is stuck doing this
Give it time, it will load.
If not, reset wallet or refresh with ctrl+f5.
Be sure to backup you passwords.
Also login to counterwallet or freewallet.io and backup your address private key.
Rarepepedirectory.com is where all 1500 certified rares are.
The limited issued ones with 1-50 issued are in earlier series 1-5.
Many later series have sacrificed and burned some to low existence as well.
For example, MYLADYPEPE, 100 was issued and 93 were sacrificed leaving 7 in existence.
rarepepedirectory.com/?p=5249
Uhhhh what happened to the 93 "sacrificed" ones?
did nobody buy them?
or did you actually kill 93 owned pepe cards?You know I heard about RarePepes back in October and August of last year, but as usual there were no free giveaways, promotions, stuff for early birds.
Only one very limited pepe card managed to sell for 5.000 USDs and only because of the crypto boom back in March.
This whole scheme is hopelessly broken because it runs on XCP which in turn runs on BTC.
It's fucked.
The guy spamming this thread is a retard making a last-ditch effort to bring attention to his dying autism empire.
Sad but true.
Value has risen within 1 year.
Burning sacrifice is one of the best besides blood sacrifice.
xchain.io/asset/MYLADYPEPE click on holders tab.
You are an idiot.
Your momma should have swollawed you and your dad let the best part of you drip down his leg.
BTC is crypto god.
XCP is one of the best platforms on bitcoin blockchain.
The #1 platform for digital trading cards.
SOG, FOW, RAREPEPE, AGEofChains, MemoryChain, OasisMining, and more...
hahaha enjoy your $5-per-listing fee spikes to trade "Pepes" worth cents each, good luck selling enough pepes to cover the cost to list them using this shitty hacked-together directorysage faggot
$5 listing fees.
Get real.Conterparty is one of the few bitcoin wallets that let you choose your fee from $.01 to $5.
You obviously are a super hater troll who wished to get in for free.
lol
lets you choose your fee>and wait a week while it confirms >or maybe it never doesi made my money on pepecash and got out ages ago.
anyone who didn't is a fucking idiotliterally just look at the daily volume on that trashmusical chairs and the game is pretty much done alreadySAGE
Numbers dont lie.
You salty you sold to early.
Look at the charts from 1 year up until now.
Active development is always going on.
Game coming soon.
Sarutobi Island lets you use all counterparty assets to create monsters.
You the same hater on telegram and twitter.
Show yourself coward.
Stop being a keyboard warrior
NEW PEPE COIN COMING SOON!KEEP ON THE LOOKUT!
Heres to looking at you kid.
I created the #PEPELOU series with haters like you in mind.rarepepedirectory.com/?p=2006
Certified RarePepe submissions are closed.
Its not part of this project.
Something new?
Hi hater!!!
Bye hater!
!http://rarepepedirectory.com/?p=4948
yes something!should be news about it next week
monetizing digital content that is easily reproducedGood luck, we see how well that worked with... music, images, games, videos, programs, general files.
Did you faggots at least manage to make a Samurai Jack pepe?