>be me>be in uni>doing double degree in finance and computer science >gets internship 3 years in a row with the same bank>only thing ive ever learnt from internships is how im not suited to working at all>good grades>decent job prospects >both completely useless coz i cant job cuck for shit>graduate with mostly As and Bs>works as an analyst at same investment bank i interned at >first 2 weeks were fine>third week i slept in my cubicle for 4 nights in a row year passes>job makes me miserable, i have no time for anything i want to do, i work with complete dicks for more than 95 hours a week>gets bonus> bonus is equal to 6 months of my salary> want to quit but the money's way too good> no idea what id do if i quit> tl:dr i want to quit my job, idk what to do after i quit, ill probably kill myself before i even decide.
nice blog retard
I hope you an hero now and spare us your shitposting.
working more than 40 hours a weekIf you're serious, you better be doing it for a damn good reason, like investing.Anyways, of course it fucking sucks, that's why we do what we do, because wageslaving for the next 40 years is not an optionI either am done working in 10 years, and cryptocurrency carries me into the future, or i kill myself because my job is just as monotonous as yours and everyone elses.
right now I'm thinking of sticking to it til I can make decent income from passive revenue streams to sustain my lifestyle but itll be 4-5 more yearsas of right now the only plans i have in life is to sail around the world before i eventually drown myselfalready have a sailboat only making 2.7k from passive income monthlyno idea how much i would need to sustain sailing around the world for like 30 years
honestly, you are on track to be rich.life isn't easy at all.
srs.
it's non-stop fucking work for most people.
im sort of on an accelerated investment banking path, its good money but its so aids mate
my family is full of engineers and thats so truebut fuck man ive never liked luxury or had a taste for expensive things i honestly do nothing with my money other than buy AAA bonds all the fucking time
fuck you dude my parents never loved me 4chan is my dad
point taken into consideration
but fuck man ive never liked luxury or had a taste for expensive thingsMaybe that's part of the problem?
Get out and enjoy life to remind yourself why you work.
Experiences are better than material items.
nah dude honestly the only expensive things I like are sailing, alcohol and food
Doesn't sound like a bad gig desu.
If you really hate it try to stick with it for another year or two and save up.
That way you can quit and do some traveling or whatever.
Then look for another job in the same field or a different field if you don't mind making less but having a better quality of life.
idk what to do after i quitSail around the world, dumbass.
Prove Poseidon a pussy.
Are you really so lacking in self-awareness that you can't read your own fucking LARP?
sailing is fucking expensive mateee, out at sea sailing for like 2-3 months can easily cost around 10k
sounds like a plan, except i have no idea what field id go into once i run out of money and i have to live on the streets
Dude you're making a ton.
2.7k monthly is a good low-end salary.Just fucking keep at it, what kind of fucking pussy are you that you can't work hard for 5 years?
Most people have to work in your position or worse for their entire lives, then retire on shit pension10k for 2-3 months>need 3-5k per month>currently making 2.7k per monthAnd you've only worked for three years.
I'm not sure where you get the "five more years needed".
cant work hard for 5 yearsi dont mind working hard for 5 years, what i do mind is working days so long i have to sleep in the office because by the time i reach home im already late for the next day of work
look for another job>apply>get accepted>quit old jobwhats so hard OP?
what job would i look for?
i never liked the idea of working so i went into a field that would make me the most money but then i realized i dont need that much moneyso now all i want to do is nothing forever
Can you not do  for lower pay?
If like you said you're already leading a frugal lifestyle, you really shouldn't have trouble still maintaining a steady investment thing going even after a pay cut.Even if it significantly sets back your plans, would you rather work ungodly hours for 5 years or spend 10 years at a nice enjoyable place?
Literally find something part-time or whateverOr fuck, daytrade cryptoOr start your own business (it might be fun, but it's a lot of effort, so idk)Or just fucking invest everything, live on 1k a month and reinvest the other 1.7k or whatever, and spend 10 years doing nothing exactly like you want.
Then boom, boat trip.
but im paid so well and have so many benefits from my current job i dont know whether to just stick to it till i can pretty much retire in like 5-8 years while constantly wanting to die or to move to a lower tier job which i would also probably hate and i would get paid lesser but i would have more timebut being able to retire early also gives me more timei have no idea what the fuck im doing
i mean i already have a sailboat, its sustaining the lifestyle of sailing around the world thats expensive
which i would also probably hateWhich would defeat the point.Find a fucking better job.
If it's the entire idea of working you loathe, then find a part-time job - it's your call in the end but personally I would much prefer dying for 4 days a week, 6 hours per day, for like 8 years, than 5 days a week 8+ hours a day for 5 years.
the higher i climb the ladder of my current job the less shit i have to do and the more i get paid, but its like a fixed system where you can only get promoted every 2 years or if theres a position available (rare) you get promoted yearly.
Why do you have to make a scary face about it?
coz im scared
Nigger, if you're at sea your only expenses are food and occasional repairs/docking fees.
Sure, the last two can get expensive but if you don't spend every night at port you can easily retire to the sailor life.
might just sell all my bitcoin and see how long i live off it
no dude, nofuelcash incase of boat damage visasfoodwaterdockingif you want sustainable energy out at sea you need a generator, battery solar panels etcand so much moreshits expensive as fuck cunt but bare minimum with everything going smoothly yeah 2k would do the trickbut youve gotta prepare for the worse and hope for the best
 want to quit but the money's way too goodAnd next thing you know you've been there 40 years and accidently have a sudden heart attack day before you were set to retire and finally enjoy life.
Fucking save up some of your good earnings and then quit man.
Sounds like you're earning enough, and in a prestigious enough industry/employer, that you can set enough aside and network to get a job you find less repulsive or go entrepreneurial/digital nomad.
sudden heart attack day before you were set to retire and finally enjoy life.
well shit
hi OP, I've been trying to decide what I want to major in and was thinking about finance/accounting/computer sciencecan you tell me what it was like for you in uni?
how hard are the classes and what subject was your fav?
is the job boring and shitty (other than work hours) or interesting?
fuel>sailingDrown yourself you canal cruising pleb.
work with complete dicks for more than 95 hours a weekYou are pulling in fuckpiles of cash, basically nut up and deal with it for a few years.
Make connections, build your skillset, live as frugally as you can, then get out, start your own business where you pull in enough contracts to pay someone else to work those 96 hours a week.You will have to bust even more ass once you go on your own at first, in some ways even more than you are now, but once you get a business established you get to work smarter instead of harder.You are in a good position just realize you are going to have to spend the next five years of your life working hard so the rest of your life after that you will be financially secure and living well.If you want to take the lazy way out, just work hard at the current job for another two years then invest in real estate or something then take a lower stress lower pay job.
You won't do as well but you'll do alright.
uni was 90% getting drunk and 10% studying the day before the exam honestly if youre thinking of doing a double degree you should have one degree youre more interested in and should prioritize that one, like you can only study for one exam and you have your compsci and finance final tomorrow shit like that, honestly compsci was more difficult but way more interesting and fun than financeif you have specific questions i dont mind answering em
you cant fuckin permanently sail everywhere cunt, also generators use fuel for electricity
Put money away into safe investments & some cryptocurrency until you have a comfortable stack, then start looking for a lesser paying job that'll be a lot chiller to work that still pays decently.
Once you get one change living environment accordingly and badabingbadaboom.
Government bonds are where its at
just kill yourself already faggot
im down for that
hurry up
you would never do it you fucking pussy.
Only larp about it for attention, live stream it and time stamp it.
get the fuck off 4chan you miserable coward
Gotta get some of dem cryptocurrencies though, when Bitcoin hits 100k you'll thank me.Put like 10% of your investments into a portfolio consisting of different cryptocurrency.
A safe investment would be 45% Bitcoin 25% Ethereum 20% Monero 10% Litecoin.
Just buy chainlink
I do invest in cryptocurrencies but not as seriously
I think I will probably just have one major, I'm mulling over what to pick.
I'm pretty creative but I want a career that's stable and has a good paycheck but I don't want to be bored to tears.
It's a longshot pipe dream but video game dev would be pretty cool, so maybe I should go compsci, but I know if I went for accounting/finance I could always have a jobpls don't kill yourself OP you seem nice
no
See now this I appreciate.
Video game dev isn't as amazing as it sounds, got some friends working those jobs and I'd personally recomend other jobs if you were to do compsci.
Finance has great money to be made but jobs that can be very unforgiving, was also one of the things I thought about but never ended up doing because I didn't want the stress associated with most of those jobs.
are you me?
I wanted to do IB but realized its full of big dicks, shitty sleep and a miserable life for yearsi value my sleep and peace of mind too much.
plus i hate taking orders from peopleid rather do something chill and have fun and maintain a social life and chill with my dog and family.
why don't you try to move into something more chill like financial advising for a car dealership or analyst somewhere?
and cut the long hours
shut the fuck up, faggot
i feel like ive invested way too much time into IB already man, ive always wanted a pet corgi but i dont want my girlfriend having to take care of it coz im working all the fucking time,
well if youre interested in banking specifically, you can get into investment banking with a compsci degree, you should minor in finance or accounting theyre really useful and helps if you want to work in finance.
ALSO FINTECH IS GONNA BE HUGE DUDE
I think I will probably just have one major, I'm mulling over what to pick.
I'm pretty creative but I want a career that's stable and has a good paycheck but I don't want to be bored to tears.Same situation.
Doing Chemical Engineering currently but probably going to switch as I think I'll kill myself from boredom and having no free time in a career
HOLY FUCKING SHIT I ALMOST TOOK CHEMICAL ENGINEERING COZ I THOUGHT THEY MADE SHIT LOADS OF MONEY
FINTECH IS GONNA BE HUGE>Doesn’t want to buy ChainlinkWhat did he mean by this?
dont worry dude, compsci is a good degree, worse case scenario you live an upper middle class life as a tech consultant
Just because he's interested in fintech doesn't mean he's interested in the coin everyone's shilling because they lost 50% on it after buying at ath.
fintech isnt just cryptocurrency mate
im doing finance and international biz right now, but thinking of taking and IT certification that guarantees 80-100k job placement.i don't wanna jump into that fast lifestyle even though it excites me, i'll probably just wanna kill everyone i work with.which bank do work at/what city do u live in if you dont mind me asking?
dude i live in fucking australia i work for UBSif you wanna get into investment banking get as many internships as you can and having a tech background helps a lotif youre aiming for an 80k starting job get ready for the rape that comes with it
how can you work 95 hours a week or is that a meme?anyways anon, I say keep at it until you're truly sick of it, in the mean time look at things you wouldn't mind doing instead, and obviously you should invest your bonus
the first 2-3 years on the investment banking path is borderline slavery dude, they pay you well sure but you almost have no time to spend it
Do yourself a favor, and don't quit until you have a plan.If you quit, and do nothing for a while, you will be worse off.
Doing nothing for a while will kill your motivation, and it will be harder for you to become activated.Even though it seems you are swamped and 'don't have time to think about life' you are actually more inclined to do so, while you are in activation rather than having a 'breathing room'.
this reminds me of an episode of the big bang theory
436334343632714363209436309443629684362792436262543624564362388436219843620424361601thanks for the advice and shit 
No problem man, just remember that all the work you do now is to make your future better.
australiamy condolences, m8
fuck off cunt australias great
I've got exactly the same plan.
I'll save up to 20k and enjoy the best summer of my life and then on the first rainy day of September I'll kill myself jumping from a high building Crypto for me it's kill or be killed
3
crypto is a great way to make money but if youre putting a large portion of your income into it, dont.
have a sailboat>making 2.7k from passive incomeretards like you are meant to be unhappy slaves and eventually kill themselves.
Back to your cubicle, wagie.
used to be poor as fuck kid who liked boats>live near a yacht club>manager sees me chillin there a lot>teaches me basics of sailing >pretty much worked there in secondary school>manager gave me one of his sailboats before he died no way i could have afford it on my own back when i got it
Are you me?
You could also save up money and start a medium-sized crypto mining farm for income, you'll be able to chill and do stuff you wanna do for a good bit of the time on site and troubleshoot anything not working propperly.If you build 10x6 Vega 56 rigs in 2/3 racks you will be able to mine about 250USD per day worth in XMR or other cryptonight coins which with an average cost of 4500$ per rig and about ~5k on cooling/ventilation would give ROI in 200 days, after which you'll be making 7.5k profit a month.
It'll be a hassle to troubleshoot all the rigs but 10x less stressful than your current job.For more info try r/ethermining and other mining communities.
To add to that once you're done mining with your cards you can always sell them used and make a good portion of your initial investment back, then replace them with newer generation GPU's and get going again!
Is passing level 1 CFA worth it?Do I need anything else than VBA to work in finance?I just want a chill equity research analyst job senpai
Unless you want to do this until you turn 40 and then only wagecuck after, exit to PE or PWM