THOUGHTS?
LOOKS LIKE BOTTOM.
ALPHA BEFORE EOY.
DEV THAT ISN'T A NUMBNUTS LIKE SOME OF THESE SHITCOINS.
ANYONE DOUBLING DOWN?
Sorry, did not know my caps were on.
I am trying to be quiet
I want to get back in soon, bagholding XVG for now.
LOL you cray cray for holding verge Real talk though: You should be running from XVG as fast as possible.
Did you try to put their story into a timeline?
Their story does not make any sense and is false.
XVG market is heavily manipulated by a couple tradersSafex is legit though.
Actually communicate with the public.
If they are successful it will be FOMO like no other.
Fuck XVG shit is fucking weak bunch of 16 yr olds in slack thinking their billions of XVG is gunna go to a fucking $1, wraith protocol my ass barely even got 1/10 of the shit completed.
You have to hand it to the guys at XVG - it was without a doubt one of the most elaborate and slick looking pump and dumps I have ever seen.
They literally made bad ass looking youtube videos about wraith coming out and everything.
Had some guy called XVG whale using Fiverr to do videos of Lambos with XVG Hodlr on the side and they even started sending McAfee messages about using their coin and all this shit.
They made lots of money.
Also to note, on the xvg market you will see 10+ BTC buy orders always 5% below top bid - instantly falls down lower as anyone starts to sell.
Such BS
Yup.
I'm now just waiting for the right moment to get out with that sweet, sweet 10% loss.
Man, bitcoin keeps dropping.
the btc-xvg ration just keeps the same.
nobody is buying this shit coin.
just sell it and then move the btc to safex and gain once they release their alpha platform.... not that hard is it.. your are welcome
Also XVG bagholding here, still profitable for me but probs gonna dump as soon as I can get a bit more profit out of it - the dev carry on with missed dates and marketing team member supposedly being involved with whale PnD groups really stinks.
Problem with Safex that we are seeing is that nobody will sell their coins low.