The flippening isn't going to fucking happen, nobody currently accepts BCH as a payment form, BCH/altcoin trading pairs don't fucking exist, nobody who previously used BTC actually gives a shit about how slow their blocks were being mined/how long they had to wait, if they did care about speed they would have already been using ETH/LTC/XRP/WHATEVER ALT that has faster block times.
The only fucking reason BCH is experiencing these gains is because you are all FOMOing this... Coinbase doesn't even let you fucking buy BCH yet... and the BCH currently locked there is going to dump when they release it.
Bitcoin is time tested and the original digital gold, BCH is the equivalent of the digital USD, USD will never be worth more than gold.
The price is going to dump and you're going to be left holding some heavy fucking bags
F I F T Y P E R C E N T
I guess this is what people were saying right after the Titanic struck that iceberg too.
BCH is the real BTC now.
Old BTC will be rebranded to bitcoin classic and everything will proceed from there
nobody accepts bitcoin cash as paymentUmm sweety, anyone using coinpayments to accept payments can switch on accepting payments in bitcoin cash.
This.
BCH is the coin that will actually reach over a 100k a coin before it gets replaced.
BCH pairs are coming.
Very soon
Says increasingly nervous man for the 7th time>it won't even reach 0.1!!!
But the difference is BCH wants to be accepted everywhere.
SegwitCoin wants to be a store of value where high fees don't matter.
you try realy hard son
Deep underwater core cucks getting increasingly nervous
It already happened idiotWe all flipped except you.
Enjoy filing for bankruptcy virgin
Nobody is accepting bitcoin classic as a form of payment, not with the blockchain clogged as it is.
Bitcoin Cash continues to work, bitcoin classic does not.
You didn't give a shit about block times or transaction fees before, now suddenly you care?
You're only jumping on BCH because you are FOMOing.
Once it starts crashing you, just like everyone else, are going to retreat to the safety of BTC, Mark my words.
"muh store of value" lmao do retards not realize that the moment the price ever tanks it ceases being a store of value?
you cannot just base a product purely on store of value or it is basically a shitty ponzi that will fall apart when the FUD hits
I've been on board since BCH was $350 baby.
After S2X was canceled the writing was on the wall for anyone who looked to see.
No one accepts apple stock as payment either