Guys, they accepted the challenge to show how IOTA is being done live and all of that in 72 hours.
It is that simple?
No, their developers are amazing!> Low circulation> Low market cap> Great team, always active on social media too> Great project> Before stealth mode IOP was 50x more expensive then now, just because of a scammer who stole coins and dumped them all.
Now they are back and stronger then ever
Autismo level: off the charts
We shall see, it won't be too long until the live stream Don't piss your Alah ab...
I mean IOTA panties
Its cool im sitting here with 5x gains and more to come.
Keep being salty no-Iota fag>copying someone makes me betterMega autism
I like anyone how fuds iota
IOP came before IOTA and will finish their prototype before them so how can it be copying them are you that deluded?
Plus they are doing that just for fun, because they can.
They are ahead of the schedule with their project and are crazy good, there are developers that worked on ETH etc.
Ask Vitalik about them and if they need to copy anyone.Also the best thing is that IOP is not making that at all for their project, they will just make that prototype and hand it to IOTA if they need a helping hand as they are programmer geeks and can't stand for someone being incapable of doing something that simple, especially if someone stepped on their foot which someone from IOTA probably did Either way I am grabbing popcorns watching IOTA shillers crying watching that livestream
Iota introduced June 2016Iop introduced Aug 2016Also your coin has suffered a hilarious embarassment that has crippled its progress.
This is a desparate attempt to be relevant.You missed my point.
Copying something that already exists is not impressive whatsoever.Ever watch Shark Tank?
You know the Squatty Potty?
Well shit I can copy that!
Look how dumb the inventor is lolololNow before you say Im comparing Apples to Oranges, my point is this is about having the vision to innovate.
These cucks are picking a fight for publicity.
Fermat was introduced in 2014th, and IoP name and coin was initially released on April of 2016th so what you just said is bullshit!Hilarious embarrassment?
Not really.
They got screwed by a thief.
The project was good and still is.You are being too disconnected, keep your shit together anon.
All you did here is compare IOTA to Squatty PottyThey are making whole economy decentralized and communication with set of p2p networks, they are very innovative and just proves that you have no idea what you are talking about yet again.Just watch the livestream and enjoy your delusion
Enjoy your circle jerk stream that no on will watch cuck, im too busy watching my $$ quadruple with Iota.Also read todays news: https://www.reddit.com/r/CryptoCurrency/comments/7e85hk/comefrombeyond_inventor_of_full_proofofstake_and/dq37ck8/
lol, good luck with that, I already went close x8 with IOP and will go for another x10 by the new year if not more.
Enjoy your quadruple must make you feel really "special".
Haha suure... enjoy your pipedream, bitch
It is way more realistic then yours> IOTA lacks close to 10b$ for your dream to come true> Guess hope much IOP needs for 10x?
Around 40m$ to be added on the market cap.. easyenjoy your delirium, cumbucket
Pump and dump: the coinStay mad, keep shilling your bags
It dipped because of the BTC, as all the coins.We will see soon anon, don't be mad for missing it.
> If you want TA, here you go
Who are we kidding, both of us willl have lambos by 2020
That is the spirit anon!
Good luck with lambo!I am in for a yacht and penthouse now, I got in really early and dropped forex for it, so you could say that I were very lucky.