I'm Joost Van Doorn, and I'm here to tell you that all of this was definitely not a scam, we are working hard to fix the legal issues at hand.
All the money we received through the ICO is already spent on hookers and booze.
So we ask you politely if you can send us some more to cover the legal costs (only 150k, our crappy attorney likes high-end hookers and refuses to work for us with less than this) we would appreciate since Confido has still a lot of growth potential.
The fundamentals are still there!0xC7197cb9088F6Cdf157646f3Ee30a9FA50b440c8Have a nice day and get JOOST'd everyone.
Cheers.PS: this is obviously a joke (making sure the mentally challenged understand), so don't send any funds, unless you just want to help me recover some of my losses, shame on me I guess.
Stop stop they are already dead
I sent a few confidos your way.
nice, just send 100k
Just sent 200k chainpink
Ahah appreciate the gesture, nothing better than having a little more JOOST tokens
we need an anonymous crypto kickstarter so someone can get paid for fucking these guys up
...
If you are stupid enough to give people Like this your money you are fucked anyway
Imagine the relief the retards that bought that dip must of felt when it started to rise after the dump.
Imagine the fear that came after.
Anyone from the ICO not take any profits?
yes>greedy
That small pumpSomeone bought that shit expecting a payday.
Why don't someone just pick up this idea for a new ico?
seems like a no-brainer
Can someone give me a quick rundown?
rothschilds bow to the JOOST>in contact with satoshi
u can already tell this is a scam by the fact that the CEO looks like a drug dealer lmao
honestly, the tech to use smart-contracts is more complicated then borrowing it from chainlink, and as i understand they were targeting webshopping which meant they'd need to partner up with commercial parties that somehow are established enough to make use of this new reliability yet somehow don't have the capacity themself to convince the normal web-consumer that they 're a reliable place to buy shit online ...
I spent a couple of hours analysing the whole situation.
I can confirm that, beyond reasonable doubt, underneath that hat there is no hair.
We should have seen it coming.
> "Just as Jews tend to have bigger noses, we have a strong tendency toward baldness.
Generally speaking, Jews - especially of Ashkenazi descent - tend to go bald more than Christians and Muslims."
on the last minute on ed, took all i could, every tx +20 gwei
I was under the impression that it was for private sales mostly
What exactly was the reason for CFD to shut down like this?
I mean "legal issues" usually don't rip you apart from one day to another.
What are the severe legal issues that cause this?
this legal issue is called exit scam my friend
Hmm, not sure, anyone willing to use it would be good i suppose,but as i see it, a package needs to be delivered, and the recipient needs to sign a confirmation on the smart contract, having the recipient do that on his/her own computer is hardly an improvement,having the delivery-guy asking(requiring)before handing over the package) for a digital confirmation(-code) would be a bigger advantage.
I think they had to pull everything off because of the exchange announcement which had obviously been fake.
Cryptopia might have scared the shit out of them
Was just a exit scam, they got the legal warning on sunday?
There was a major dump 2 days prior... Everything deleted the following day...
They don't answer Chris - the community manager... etc,etc,etc