buy BCH.47k+ unconfirmed transacitons and rising1.55x more profitable to mine BCH than BTC right nowhashrate is moving over from 7% hashrateget in before its too late
I hate this chink fuck and roger ver, but BCH is gunna moon again.manipulation at its finest
Fuck your mother if you want to fuck
pump it to 0.35 again so i can unload my bags
basically,the biggest unloading of all time and creating a new generation of bagholders.
when will these idiots understand that BTC is not going to be dethroned.
muh manipulationIt must be Bill Gates himself to manipulate BCH at this market cap.
Fuck him and fuck his bcash too!
But can bch solve the oracle problema.
I don't think so buddy!
That's right goyims, buy those bags.
Buy up to 1,400.
Stop Loss: None.
Sorry, but you missed the pump already.
A few hours ago people were calling BCH a dead coin.
Now it got pumped a bit, but it's not ready to flip yet.
If you buy now, you will buy high and sell low.
Don't just yourself, always do the opposite of what /biz/ tells you to do in shill threads like this one.
Stop loss: THE MOON
Vertcoin is also more profitable to mine than BTC.
I just bought 100k worth.
Bcash has no fucking future.
This motherfucker Jihan will sell all the money he pumped into it over the last Sunday and you guys will end with holding bags.
He is tricking you faggots.
Vert and GRS are the future.
People will be tired of the games these assholes are playing and will buy the people's coin.
ASIC resistance.
the biggest unloading of all time and creating a new generation of bagholders.
>when will these idiots understand that BTC is not going to be dethroned.Yeah that must be why core users are fudding and bearing their teeth so hard, almost like they are backed into a corner.
all proof-of-stake coins are ASIC resistant too
https://fork.lol/pow/hashrateMan.
Shut the fuck up with that bullshit.
When BTC dips buy BCH.
When BTC starts to recover, sell BCH immediately.
This is thr game from now on.P.s.
you should have already sold
muh central store of high transaction fees
hashrate 9%k+ unconfirmed.62x more profitable to mine>btc difficulty adjusts in 1 weeklast chance anon
>buy AFTER it pumpedwew, looking forward to the next wave of JUST posters
sure anon, because having a gpu farm is wayyyy better than having an asic farm.asic resistance is just a buzzword to fool idiots like you.
Right?
Bunch of fucking idiots
buy the fucking dip
Where do you track the live hashrates?
https://fork.lol/
POS is even worse regarding centralization.
It's like literally introducing banks in a project governance.
prices will reflect this very shortly, buy while you still can
Already up to 59k.This is going to be another interesting weekend.
look guys, i dont like BCH / roger&jihan either.
but all the signs point to another leg up for BCH.
if you like money, buy BCH.
BTC already went for a bull from 6100 to 8k within a day.
it needs to correct more.> 14% hashrate for BCH> 1.61x more profitable for miners> 50k+ unconfirmed transactions> difficulty adjusts in 1 week for BTC
unconfirmed transactions are only 46k atmhow is it that bitcoin isnt profitable to mine when the price is almost at ATH?
I'm confused.
Doesn't it only become less profitable as the price decreases?
47K means that it's going down, lol
Yeah seems like a bug in my phone browser, I've had it open in another tab for weeks and the counter must've started from the wrong baseline or something.It always jumps down by a large amount when a new block is mined, it's still trending up.
Scamaz Face No Space
So I'll do the opposite of what you say OK thanks.
>market-wide put option buy wall>market-wide call option sell wallKek.
Price rigging and controlling the market supply of money is also part of Satoshi's vision?
It was at 170K last week
Reminder that any poster who uses the term "bcash" instead of bitcoin cash or BCH are insidious core shills from reddit who will use any underhanded method available to them to FUD.
ASICs doesn't lead to centralization of mining..Fuck you
It was 90k yesterday.
week?
Cry me a fucking river, BTC whales have been manipulating the market for years.
so I want to use reverse psychology to exploit your ignorance here, you obviously think asic resistance is something other than a meme, so you should value a fork of bitcoin based on an asic resistant algorithm right?
You are a smart man, buy my bags of bitcoin gold?please?
beecash, nigger.
kIt was 150k a few days agoI love Bcash but we are losing
We're not :)
How is BCH profitability going up.
Doesn't the new algorithm adjust every block to keep it at a steady 150%?
HODL, another leg up is incoming
Dude, get woke.
Even without asics, even if there also weren't even any GPU farms, the existence and incentive to use mining pools just ruins any chance of typical POW decentralization.The distribution of ownership of a high marketcap currency has always been more decentralized than the distribution of mining power control.In addition to this, unlike with miners, stakers cannot attack a blockchain without attacking the value of their own asset.
Miners can attack a blockchain they don't even own much currency in various ways, from blocking consensus updates to majority forking, to manipulating its mining difficulty then leaving it and more.
Oh holy God, they won't even reach the next adjustment?!!
I just pointed that mining centralization is a bad thing.
This whole fork is orcestrated by Bitmain aka Jihan and Ver.Too much power to miners lead things like this.
another grade A retard.i didnt say asics dont lead to centralization, fucktard.
being asic resistance (which is bullshit in it self, but ill leave as an exercise to the reader) doesnt prevent centralization.whats stopping jihad from building a gpu farm with thousands of gpus running on free, state-provided electricity?
stop banging your useless head against a wall and try using for thinking once, brainlet.
I see a connoisseur of good twitch memes
that's how it's going to work simply by the nature of economics no matter what.
The thing about trusting miners is that we trust them to work in their self interest rather than ours, they're doing that right now for example, so it does appear to be an empirical validation of the hypothesis.When they start doing stuff *not* in their self interest en masse, then the assumptions of the system break down.
As such it's very much undervalued right now
wtf u made me buy
This run is already over.
We need a much better pump for mining to retain profitability.
triggered bcash redditcuck
Hard to gain on the ratio when Bitcoin is at $7.8k.
This guy has got the biggest dick.
Look at your selective arguments>BCash must win!
It is satoshi's vision!>All of the areas where BCash is against Satoshi's vision are not important!Reminder that BCash is 97% mined by Jihan farms.Most of you are too new to remember that the original existential threat to BTC was the 51% attack.
If you are emotionally balls deep in BTC thats okay.Keep a coin or two, for the memories.If you can see the light, you know it's over.BTC has been cheating on you with bankers, investment funds and so on.BCC is a virgin bride waiting for you.Take her.She's yours, to keep.
47k+ unconfirmed transacitons and risingbut it was 200k the other day?how did it go down?because the hashrate didn't leave for BCH?does that mean we don't need big blocks?
all we need is BCH to stop stealing hashrate.and what do you mean it's going up?
obviously it goes up, until a block is found, which takes down like 2500+ transactions in that block.
And then going up.Do you mean you started at it for 1 minute and it went up?are you... ok?
difficulty will go down 30%so long for that death spiral
please let this shit go up.... i need to get rid of these bags PLEASE