>Bithumb BCH/KRW *** $4.161.230.000 *** $2534.30 >*** Price/Volume Excluded - Outlier Detected
I told you hours ago that this pump raised a lot of red flags.
Bithumb is in some deep shit right now.
So koreans justed themselves and bch?
*** Price/Volume Excluded - Outlier Detectedwhat does this even mean
In this case most likely fraud.
Coinmarketcap excluded them because their chink tricks where too obvious.
What tricks?
sounds like total bullshit, its more likely that coinmarketcap is part of the bilderburger corecuck coin cabalbithumb gets ddosed and then coinmarketcap removes it, thats too much of a coincidence
>Koreans try to PnD us>there exchange shits itself and they get dumped on
You are clueless
4318495MATES, IT'S AN EXACT COPY OF WHAT HAPPENED LAST AUGUST, IT WAS OBVIOUS AS FUCK.
BCH is like an HIV virus, whenever BTC isn't doing so hot it gets pumped hard as fuck on bithumb.
Look what happened when it went offline for a bit, BCH price instantly crashed.
ok explain this fraud you speak of
Look what happened when bithumb went offline for a moment.
I think the Korean regulator ordered them to flip the switch off.
They think that making any purchases or sales outside of Bilderberg control counts as fraud.
Yeah so what?
If 60% of a traffic gets shut down during a rock mission what the fuck do you think is gonna happen?Sure sounds like it, unless these corecucks can present literally any fucking evidence at all
so you agree the pump was entirely dependent on ONE korean exchange?
don't you see the problem here?
if muh flippening was a worldwide sentiment, BCH price should at least stabilize not instantly crash to nothingness.but i bet the corecucks did this, amirite?
there is nothing weird about the pump being concentrated in asia, asia in general has more interest in bch than the westif 60% of all volume gets removed by ddos during a pump what the fuck do you think will happen?
PRESENT SOME HARD EVIDENCE YOU DELUDED COREKEK
Basically Bithumb delivered a highly skewed Bitcoin Cash price through their feeds that went way beyond even the most extreme cases of manipulation in terms of volume and price, so they were flagged as outliers.
I don't know how Korean law works, but in most countries this type of behavior comes with high monetary and operational sanctions.
BCH price should at least stabilize not instantly crash to nothingness.kek thats literally what it did, bch is 1300USD now which is the same as 12 hours ago
muh flippening was a worldwide sentimentNobody cares if it's concentrated in korea.
That just means someone who cares a lot about BCH is using a korean exchange.
By the way, retarded OP didn't read the chart which says "last updated 5 hours ago" for Bithumb.$2500 was the perfectly legitimate price at that time.
¯\_(ツ)_/¯https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/bitcoin-cash/#markets
no it means they blocked western ips from accessing the exchange cause it was getting ddos'd.
the price on coinmarketcap is from 4 hours ago which was before the korean exchanged got taken out
its back up again
it was at 2500 on binance as wellcorecucks are retarded
That just means someone who cares a lot about BCH is using a korean exchange.oh yeah, i'm sure they care a lot about satoshi's vision and all that shite...i'm glad i'm not an emotional trader like you people, i don't give a fuck about core or cash, they're both corrupt pieces of garbage, i just jump on whatever bandwagon makes me the most money.
What?
lol they weren't ddos'd because we were watching the feeds the whole time for data analysis.
They had to shut down their own exchange because they are following a private agenda.
Hopefully, Korean officials are going to take measures against these types of aggressive market manipulation.
State officials need to interfere in anarchic cryptocurrency and turn it into the same thing as fiat.How useful.
Scamcoins that getting constantly manipulated by a few whales with extremely unstable values and long transaction times.How useful.
I have no clue what are you talking about: exchanges are 100% sanctionable, cryptos aren't.
Turns out that in this case the price was clearly manipulated, and only time will tell how Bitcoin Cash will get rid of that stain, because this was not a simple pump and dump, there was an entire exchange involved.