What's better, a set salary or an hourly wage?
when i was a kid i thought salary was something to do with salad
Salary so I can finish my work in 3 hours then go home and play video games.
Hourly so when you get salary for 8 hours and end up working 10 you get paid for it.
salary workers get to leave when they're done workingBoss would rather have you sit at the desk doing nothing for the next 5 hours instead of just letting you go home.
A lot can be done in personal life for 2 hours.
Continuous payments, like what REQ is offering.
:--)
More like unpaid overtime.
depends on the industry I guessI've worked in kitchens / restaurants for 7 years now and can say hourly is the best for thatwould pull 55+ hours a week, raking in OTBC labour laws also state that you don't just have to do 40 hours a week for ot.
if you do more than 8 hours in a day, the rest of the time is OT
Residual income
If you work salary your superiors WILL abuse it.
It's never worth it.
Is English your third language?
Best is salary set for your normal work hours + OT paid (over 40/week or over 8/day) for anything over your set scheduled hours.
My jobby jobber is union and has that setup.
It's perfect.
Salary is not so good if it's a certain set pay for getting the job down however many hours it takes.
In that case I much prefer hourly so my employer can't screw me.
Hourly, but it's not the status quo.Early in our relationship, I helped my g/f prep for salary negotiations, and suggested she adf that even though she was VP of ops at her plant (50 people), her senior warehouse guys were btfo-ing her salary on 60 hour weeks and almost tying her on 50 hour weeks.She went from $61K/yr to $78.5K/yr in one meeting.
Not because of me, but laying that out for her really lit a fire under her ass.
She's not a "compared to this other person" kind of gal but sometimes you gotta call bullshit on bullshit to show that you're fed up.We're in the Midwest.
Lot of 50hr/week warehouse work here.
You get a $19/hr job and you're over the median household.
And you can get $19/hr by 30 if you're not a fuck up.
You get higher by 22 with a 1 year trade school CNC operator cert.Nothing wrong with hourly.After the Navy I worked for GE Medical, 6 8-hour shifts a week at $22.50/hr.
Adjusted for inflation it was about $79K/yr - in Wisconsin dollars.
Everyone on the floor was making more than almost everyone in the offices.So I won't ever knock the hourlies.
I've never made as much as I did then - even if I'm a fuck of a lot happier now, the $ was nice.
For what it's worth I went from salary to independent contractor doing the same job and my free time doubled so now I do two jobs.Salary can be fine but if your job is too easy then you'll die due to boredom
I work a tech job and get paid hourly.
It is nice because my boss will not abuse me.
I make around $10,000 extra a yr in the little bits of OT I work.
If you work Salary they will stick you on call.
It is not fun getting woken up at 3am and not paid extra for that bs.
salary is codeword for unpaid overtime.
I know two people that had a problem with this.
One of them went had a settlement.
Don't have a shitty boss
If you work at a bad place, you will be abused either way.
Haven't had a problem so far.Salary can be fine but if your job is too easy then you'll die due to boredomIf you do your job too well, wouldn't you get a tougher job?This.
And it goes both ways.If you have a good boss he won't abuse you either way.
It does in fact: Latin root "sal" refers to salt, you put salty shit in vegetables to make it a salad, and Romans paid their soldiers salaries in actual salt.
19/hr by 30God this is sad
I'm salary but considered "overtime eligible" for the next year.
My companies way of putting their money where their mouth is for the work life balance meme.
It's pretty sweet to get a shitton of overtime on release weeks.
When you stop working entry level jobs with shitty bosses who didn't get where they are by being good at what they do this stops being a problem.
Jesus Christ.
I'm out here in fucking liberal garbage-land CA and I still got a fucking $20/hr comfy desk job 3 years after high school with no degree... Sure it can buy me like 3 avocados and 2 gallons of gas/year but hey, something's something.
whichever one pays more derp.but nobody in an important position gets paid by the hour, you only get paid by the hour in jobs you just need to be there all the time for