>Neo dropping heavily after their "announcement">The tech is really cool>Lots of marketing, great potential>Buy in, it's now 10% of my portfolioContinues dropping?Wat do?Do I sell now and cut my losses, keep holding for the long term or sell as soon as I can break even?I really want to believe, but the big red arrow on Blockfolio is a real contrast to everything else going up.
Help me bros!
sell now :)
Sell.
Buy the rumor, sell the news Anon.
It's not just a meme.
Sell, this thing is going down to 27-28.
Buy in when it hits those levels
4487476>selling low
The tech is really cool nodes>blockchain can be freezed
Keep holding>Sell much much lower
tfw bought Chinese vaporware after a pump
Surely it won't drop much further than other ALTs now, right?
It looks to be suffering about equally to other coins.
selling NEO ever
I bought at 364k sold at 600k.
I'm now looking to buy at 366k sats again.
It haven't hit rock bottom if you see where it hit before.If you're down so much then there's isn't much hope.Just going to say it still has potential to drop lower right now.
I bought at about $38, so haven't lost much at all really.
I'm quite new to crypto and I'm basically investing based on liking the idea of the currency right now.I'm not used to seeing red on my portfolio, so having Neo is worrying me.
I have about $900 transferring over currently.
What would you and others thing of a buy order at around $29, I'm sure it would have to go up from there.
yeah looking to buy at around $29 again if thats 366k sats, not really a holder but I get in and out of trades fast while making big gains so I can't really recommend much if you're looking to hold a coin for a long time.
If you're looking to hold for a year or something like that and you think NEO is going to $100+ like other people think then I guess its a potential win if you hold your NEO.
Neo still has 8 more announcements until eoy afaik.
it already dropped.
Made some cool 50 NEO extra from buying from lowsellers.
I expect a steady rise to 50$ coming weeks.
Because the news was actually pretty good overall, its just never enough when people are greedy as hell.
The tech is really coolyou can say that about any fucking coin>hurr cool tech,and my favourite>active devslike it's something fucking special that fuckers who got millions will type a few words on some shitty chatcrypto really is a fucking bubble, useless "projects" with billion$ markatcaps that are completely fucking useless besides creating even more useless coinsyou'll all wake up one day and swarm the real useful projects and that day I'm gonna be filthy rich you idiots
if you would know Chinese markets you would know NEO will be $ 500 at least EOY 2018.
Just keep in mind NEO is literally waiting to blow up, they had some great news lately like the partnership with China and Microsoft only allowing NEO in their country.
So think before you sell.