How am I doing?This is my first dump into alt coins.
Too diversified for such a small portfolio.
Go all in on a solid coin and reap the rewards over this next alt bull run season.
It's rationnal and equilibrate.
Sadly you don't have enough money to make a portofolio like this.
You should go 50% BTC and 25% on one strong coin (like REQ it's a good move) and 25% on another one.
verge aint worth shit might double in like 5 years
Also some minor CAT, DNT,XRP, QTUM stashes
loled at xvgshits looking like a scam after all deadlines and dat countdown clock, get rid of it as soon as it makes some profit.
^^One or two of those will go up 50%, and then you'll be at 2 k fiat value.Just go for a fundamentally sound one that has yet to bloom.
70-80% in.
Keep the rest in btc or big boi crypto of yoru choice, or for alt trading if you're not a retard.Once you hit 5 figures you can start diversifying.
I have 2k in an alt right now.
Literally 95% of my portfolio.
Waiting for it to moon.
Whether its 2x or 5x, ill be sitting pretty with a nice portfolio that I can get down to some serious business.
thats one recipe for disaster unless you're good to lose 95% of your portfolio
How?
You can see which alts are legitimate.
Ones that had new life breathed into them after the B2X cancelation.
Alts are going on a bull run.
If you are observant enough you can choose an alt or two that will go on a bull run.
I don't think the risk is as big as you are implying.>We aren't at the bottom of the alt pullback yet.
sell xmr/neo/xvg for more REQ.
EOY or Q1 2018 sell half of your req invest more in LINK
I have a friend that is so set on NEO but you're probably right
4273356Thanks for the wholesome advice.
Yeah I just started a new IT job but I think I'll move up and make more money.It's fucking hard when you're not in a sales job or a job that gives bonuses at the end of projects.You slave away for a year in hopes you get rewarded in the end.
It makes crypto so appetizing.
Verge shitcoin
Syncing my BitBean vault right now and going to start sprouting.
Alts are not the problem in your strategy.
Its the proportion invested.
Needs more SALT.