What's the logic behind holding link right now?Wouldn't be better to just wait since btc is going up every week and then buy link?After all, What are the chances of btc going up 5% in a week vs link achieving the same?Am I missing something?
>swift stops accumulating>they decide to post their partnership announcement>within 10 minutes link moons 1000000000%>anon hangs himself cause he didn't hold any linkyou will NOT be faster than the market.
buy now or get fucked when it moons inexpectedly.
Yeah, you are missing the concept of delayed gratification.
Is it that hard to buy, hodl, and forget about it?
And at the current price, you'll be freaking out when it starts climbing and you missed a golden opportunity
Fair enough I guess.
It's weird that I paid 0.1 for 7000 link a few days ago.
If I waited I would've gottn 10% more link.
Its just congitive dissonance.
They know LINK is a silver bullet.
They know its for real.
But they are NOLINKers.
So they obsessively FUD it to try and confirm that their decision to not invest is correct.
They don't just hide the threads.
They don't just filter it out of their board.
They don't do anything that would actually mean they don't care about it.
They care so much.
They can't stop talking about it.
They can't stop FUDing, and it consumes them.
Its all they think about.
They wake up and FUD LINK.
They eat their ramen and FUD LINK.
They jerk off and FUD LINK.
They pass out next to their body pillow and dream of FUDing LINK.
They have to be right, but at the back of their head they're terrified.
They're terrified that they might miss out on the next big thing.
And so they cope by FUDing more.
And the cognitive dissonance grips their minds more tightly.
It's no longer an obsession.
Its a fetish.
But the more they try, the more they reveal the truth.We live rent free in their head.
Is that fat sergey punching out a fudder
and you are not smarter than the market
Eeeeh idk man, I think everyone here holds at least 5k link, even fudders.
They are just messing around, I don't believe anyone saying this project has no future.
They just don't want us to get money lel.
Fair question.
There is definitely some opportunity cost to holding for a while.
But at this point, buying and holding could be pretty profitable, seeing as we're around the all time low.I like to look at their website and see people they've been working with, reminds me why I'm holding.
I just bought some at 2k sats with the last of my play money.
Trying to time the market or catch the next big rise, like NEO just did.. too stressful.
ThisTrying to time the market is a recipe for disappointment.
Just wait and be patient.
You only need to be on 2 or 3 10x moon missions and you're set for life.
This is one of them.
to be fair in crytpo nothing is smart but the contracts
If I was playing with the average biz stack of $125 dollars, then sure.
Try and chase moon missions for the next couple of months building it up to $500, then hope to God I'm online when the huge news drops.But I have 160k LINK and I understand that over a 2 year time period it offers a better chance than anything else to multiply in value.
So I just park my money there and wait, no stress.
this.
everyone telling you to chase moon missions has like $1000 invested in crypto, at best.
So smart that they can get killed by a kid.
the fudding is actually reverse psychology shilling, they want you to think this is getting fudded to the MAX, so they can say "see!
it's just like ethereum!
that was fudded hard too!!"
What rational did you use to make that big of an investment if you're not larping?I mean apart from the whitepaper, the github and the conferences on youtube there's not much, but maybe I'm missing somthing.
I kno that the guy has been in the crypto business since at least 2014 but still, and Swift haven't annonced anuthing regarding the hypothetical partnership.
If he bought that 160k LINK during the presale it was only a $15k investment.
That's why the market cap is so low.
If you want to make real money in this market, and I mean "REAL" money, you need to really do your research and put a good amount into something that is still in its early stages.
Nevertheless, everything is speculation at this point but I digress.
200k LINK holder here.
And I suppose your plan is to invest AFTER the partnerships are announced?
Maybe you should buy some Google and Apple, I heard those guys have some neat partnerships, 100x for sure.
What's the logic behind holding link right now?It's cheap.
Oh I forgot, buy high sell low, nevermind.
I spend to much time memeing on /biz/ instead of DYOR.
I know it's like venture capital, high risk high reward (especially in crypto, both sides), but I don't have that kind of money today, so I'll probably stick to the top 10 coins for a while more.
Passive aggressive, I love that.
Look man you can still spend your day memeing and still do research.
There's a shit load of LINK threads here everyday and some of them have real tidbits in them that you can fact check and build off of.
Most of it is garbage and shitposts, which do enjoy as well by the way.
But if there's one good thing about biztards it's that when they catch onto a trend like LINK it really shines through the bullshit.
This place is like weaponized autism.
You're here already and if you are still young which most people here are, I'd suggest taking bigger risks while you can still afford to lose it.
Good luck.
ty famalam
LINK fuding is a jewish psyop to not allow antisemitic neets to become a threat.