>Monaco actually partnered with Visa, and rolled out cards in Singapore: EU and US planned for Q4.
Holy shit, 30$ a pop soon again when people realize.
Get ready for some heavy FOMO
Will buy 3btc worth, thanks for the heads up anon.
4271134what will happen when visa and mastercard release their own version of crypto cards?
This being long term is about as long as my dick.
Get ready for incredible legal challenges when they try and explain selling stocks for product.People are going to get fucked in the ass for not understanding that they are realizing capital gains when they use this card.
Are you sure you want big banks to have your wallet info to tie it to your personal info when you're dealing in questionably legal territory?
I haven't done much research on this card yet but what would happen if someone were to skim your card couldn't they be able to drain your entire wallet and you'd be kind of fucked?
So?
They delinked their token from the card in order to secure the deal.
The token is garbage now.
I'm thinking your wallet info isn't contained on the card, they probably have some internal ID which references a centralized database at monaco where visa pays for what you're buying up front like a credit card, then after the transaction is approved, Monaco sells your crypto like an exchange, both Monaco and visa take a cut, and visa balances your account.A card like this would definitely need more security though as blockchain transactions are irreversible.
I suspect they would probably approve all crypto transactions before actually exchanging it; holding a balance with visa is much safer than them processing blockchain transactions at point of sale.
It's like having a sort of house credit card where you can spend your equity from your home directly.
Handy, risky, but it pretty much would mean that the bank pays for everything you're buying up front and deals with the rest in the back end.
It also means the bank relies on the housing industry for this to be profitable; visa partnering with any sort of crypto backing means that the future for cryptocurrency is looking bright (and it has little to do with Monaco.
also that Autobots logo is very unprofessional compared to other financial institutions)
EU and US planned for Q4How about South America?
Will it be rolled out on the same date as the US?t.
South American
South America will come after USA and Canada.
The co-founder and CFO is Brazilian so it's definitely a priority.
Monaco is old news, time to buy the new stuff: TokenCard.
Name one reason TokenCard is better.
They don't even try to hide the fact that they're a security in the whitepaper.
Tokencard is the reldeal.
Good product takes time but it will be on the top 20 in 2018