Huge RCN buy orders popping up on binance.
This one over 440k.
Crazy cheap at the moment.
Tim Draper is a major investor.
Not long til this one goes on a big run
i am new to /biz/.
how sure are u that it goes up
Holy shit
4424489lurk moar
Wow, this is crazy.
And Tim Draper is an investor.
I'm guessing he will keep this propped up with his coins.
I went in for 10,000 RCN.
Nothing to lose really.
Might be the best find of the day.
Thanks OP.
this reatrd also invested in tezos, that is in death bed.
rcn is crap
Is this going to moon today?
I shilled RCN when it was 20 cents to drop my bags, now it's at 9 cents, don't fall for OPs Bag Hold
jw did you make shill breads like these?
did it work?
always thought it was a bunch of rice eaterschill.
just tryna shill the shill
I've got 50k and accumulating more at this level
or curry bots like 
SO FAR, TIM'S ONLY GOOD CALL IS BUYING BITCOIN ON THE CHEAP FROM THE GEE OH VEE TEE.
ALL OF HIS ALTCOIN CALLS HAVE BEEN CRAP.
DO YOUR KEGELS OP.
fuck yesI warned you all
Just helping the shit heads on here find a coin or two that have some real potential.
Like what biz used to be like before the digimarines took over.Get them while they are under the radar so you're not a full time poor fag your entire life.
I BOUGHT THEM
Buy when no one is talking about them - sell when everyone is shilling them.
>Has the same code as RipioWhat the fug?
It's mooning nice and slowly.
A new wall is being built behind the current price too.
This is easy.
For you lazy shits, RCN is Ripio Credit Network token.
Plenty of good info out there.
Already big in Argentina and growing through Latin American, targeting emerging markets.
https://techcrunch.com/2016/05/10/bitpagos-uses-the-blockchain-to-enable-credit-for-online-payments-in-emerging-markets/
wtf there are to rcn coins, which one are you talking about
Ripio.
If you can't work this out, you're doomed
Someone give the quick rundown.
What is the ACH going to be?
Nice new big buy walls forming now in front of that monster buy.
Climb starts now
Looks like no sleep tonight.
Thanks for the wall Timmy.
Already made a profitThanks OP, you're not a phagoot
>the only way is upfuck yes
dog why is it dropping
Nvm it just pumped :3
??
ARE WE TALKING ABOUT RCOIN OR RIPIO
https://www.binance.com/tradeDetail.html?symbol=RCN_ETH
Expecting a very solid climb
Yeah, it looks like it's going down a bit, but a bigger buy wall is there.
Get in now for the slight dip if you want in.
Ripio is a great investment desu, I'm holding until April when they finish their roadmap and will dump around 50-70cents.
To be honest I bought at 8 cents and I feel fine with whatever happens but the PnD groups I'm in are using this for acculmulating at 9 cents and dumping between 16 and 25.
Be careful
dawg IDC if I can get a few thousand off this I'm good I'm doing this to buy LINK
Just warning everyone to be careful, this coin has use in real world market namely in south america where credit unions are lining up to invest and learn about it which gives people too much hopeful optimism.
If you see a big jump in price, check the volume and see if you should dip because that will come down again.
Appreciate the intel.
What volume?
It hasn't pumped much.
Why?
Pretty easy to tell but if you see the volume x10+ from the normal amount during the day you should be wary.
Usually this only happens for dumps or pumps since we space out the accumulation among low prices rather than one price to make any possible losses have less impact and to avoid obvious volume differences per hour
PnD just sold the news after the new alpha exchange was released.
Great time to get in, already some signs of PnD reacculmulating as shown in op.
constant sell walls drive price down so we can get more
Pls pump need muh pump
PlsAnother lil pump :3
Bump
4425323
What was that?
Please respond
im holding on to this coin for a whilepajeet and co. can pump it all they wantRCN is a certain lambocoin in two years
more like by the end of quarter 1 or 2 of next year, they will be complete by april dude
I get that but I'm gonna make some cash today buy LINK then when LINK moons buy RCN and hold
sure but its probably going to steadily increase in value after the initial sell the news dip in aprilhave fun missing out
How long will this increase in value?
Thought it would just pump today.
What do you think ATH will be before pump and when?
this will steadily pump for the next 2 weeks due to increased marketing from RCN efforts on redditI expect 20 cents by dec
Cool I'll prob hodl till then
Brainlet here, why hasn't the price increased at all in the past hour despite the massive buy walls?
i think $0.15 by end of year and probably close to $2 by end of 2018 giving it a market cap of almost $1B it will not crash for as long as it has a solid use-case and people use it, this is of course after its release so right now it will fluctuate when pajeets do their ebyg pnd:sexpect it to drop maybe 25-50% the day before or at release day in april, sell the news, buy the dip
I think buy walls are more of a guarantee to prevent it from falling beyond a certain price.
But I'm interested to know also, not sure.
Check the worth of these buy walls, these are supports and accumulation walls, not price driving upward buy walls.
When you start seeing walls upwards of 5-10 btc you can expect a price increase of bigger amounts
sucks tim drapers dick>tim draperhttps://blog.bancor.network/tim-draper-invests-in-bancor-2a70ee414df1or did you already forget?
Uh, guys...
It's dipping quite hard
she unironically takes advice from taiwanese anime and finance enthusiastsyikes, hold it for a year and you'll have more money than you do now though
AAAAAAAAAAA
Checked the volumeits increasingbullish signs of accumulationexpect a pump soonthis is a great project.
and it's definitely revolutionary.
Tim Draper isn't the only VC behemoth that has capital invested in the company.
Check out their white paper and you'll see who their investors are.
the dev's have been in crypto since 2013. they will be big in latin america and other emerging markets...don't take my word for it.
take some time to read up on it.also if it's any consolation.
Bittrex listed it on day one.
so add these up
Not getting all of your advice from a Malaysian basketweaving shop
Thx
Bumping