shit they're going to actually release it BUY BUY BUY
SELL
thanks Op, just put my life savings into this.to be fair it does look like a really good buy, a bit of risk but has solid 10x potential
just buy a little then, whatever fits your risk profile really
im buying, it was stable for weeks above current prices for weeks, can only go up, dev extremely active of discord, expecting quick 2x even short term
bought 5k thanks Op.shill this more tomorrow will moon hard.
proof you're not just trying to sell your bags?
I'll go balls deep on this if there actually is any.
Seems like a decent coin with an insanely low market cap.
nice just bought 1 ebet
The whales who thought to make huge gains need buyers kekyou stupid if you fall for these shill threadsis this the third?
jesus you guys are pathertic
you're not supposed to buy up all the fucking coin just buy up like $5,000 worth or something lmaoif you are a whale then get into huge coins
twitter
the price just went low because some whale (3,000 btc literally) bought like 5% of all tokens and dumped them when he got bored.just join the discord it's cozy af, dev updates and good shit always.
different threads on /biz/NOBODY IS GOING TO BUY UR BAGS U PAJEETSSthis shill campaign is gettin out of hand
they're not releasing it for a bit stillyour shilling is early, Op.
some actually do fucking keked
how long?
4302287dont know why you guys keep saying this, look at the github commits ffs https://github.com/Ethbet/ethbet/commits/masterobviously legit af or else i'd have dumped hard lmaoi think alpha this month and full launches when 2018 starts
could be awhile but at least we know they're doing the entire project.
github commits look legit as fuck as guy above me posted, even reading it it all checks out at least, some projects do fake ones lel
nope, all in or go homeyou DO want to buy lambos, right?
this is why i love /biz/not because you said this but because retards actually do this shit
he's right thoughdont do it with your retirement but if you want to turn $1K into $100K there's the best way to do it is constant shitcoin gambling
this might take many months or 1-2 years but it could easily be a 20-40x in that timei'll probably put a bit in and chill but i do not have the patience for more than thatwho EBET MARINES here
none of us, ssh keep it on the down low brother
already have my 20K ebet, OP:)
>shitty boring dice/rng games with no usersxlole
none of us are saying 100xetheroll is literally just a dicing game which is like 20M so if this went 20M it'd be a 20x faggot
4304081we really dont need him anywaylittle volume to go until we're back way past ico price
also I should add I bought 20K a few weeks ago too so I'm at 40K now too reallyfeeling /cozy/ up in here
only having 40K EBETit's like you love being poor
nah fuck off desu, 40K is enough.
there's not that many coins.
4304081>Evaluating in terms of fiat instead of ETH or BTCWhy would you do this?
I doubt anyone here specifically bought ETH with fiat just to buy EBET.
>only have 40,000 eth bet dollary doosshould have gone all in and gotten 10M.would be a bitch to sell haha
I have almost 20 k.It it ever goes at all time high, I made 5 times my initial investment.Just happily holding.
you must have gotten in at a great price.feels good buying in after ICO dips, almost every single ICO has a huge one desu just not usually that huge
this, goes well with LINK and some othersjust gotta w a i t
LINK is a scamall in on EBET
you must have gotten in at a great price.It has been like 0.00100 after ICO.You could have bought it at 0.0002 any time.If you bought at ICO you should have averaged down.
LINKHonestly with EBET you know that there will be a gambling site within this year.LINK is a bit more complicated.You cannot predict it.
So these is someone on this website not obsessed with link?
I'm not against LINK, but I can't stand LINK shills.
I hate dislike both.
i dont understand why this entire fucking site when so hard for link away who the fuck is behind that?the bogs?
Why is this website so hard for BCH?Paid shills.Probably LINK was shilled to oblivion pre- and during the ICO.There's an awful number of bag-holders here.There was a thread that listed the /biz/raeli with the most LINK.Hundreds of thousands of dollars down the drain.
it's so hard for BCH because it went up 50% in a day so all the retards hop on and go all-in and they have no choice but to shill for their life
I have 3 bcc/bch in bc, should I sell them for eBCC/eBCH?
A lot of us made a lot of money on LINK, people who decided to baghold after the conference are fools as far as I'm concerned.
Where can I buy this?
go to hitBTC or etherdelta if you must, hitbtc is betterecc/ebchwhat kind of scam is that lmao
did this seriously turn into a LINK thread, holy fuck this place is retarded.
hitbtc is really laggy.Can you buy BTC or EBET directly from that site with $?
yesjust deposit eth and then go to eth/btc and buy ebet then take ebet out, instant and quick
So I need to buy ETH first?
yes, but you can put anything into HitbTC and then buy eth instantly there then EBETETH is way quicker and cheaper to use than btc so you should be using it anyway desu
lower cap coins are my favorite i might put some into this way nicer than dealing with LINK and bullshit like that
ETH is expensive now, should I not wait to it get's lower before buying?
eth is not getting lowerwhat is so great about ebet is it will go up with eth since it's based in etheth is only like 320 it will never be under 300 really dont worry about it
this is looking really good buy on HitBTC atm.dont give a fuck about project but it looks great but maybe a super instant 2X..?
its a 10xIve already made 50% on this coin today
$ buy would 2x this thing.
Just a few hours ago it was around 293.
Where can I buy Ethbet?
Lol 24hr vol is $6,600
HitBTC
etherdelta its a fucking 700k marketcap atm for a gambling site and you use the tokens to gamble.satoshidice is like 1/8 of the functionality and is frequented heavily.
this is a 10x by Jan if they release the token.
Going down as we speak.
I'm always late to these things
I have 0.04715600 ETH as now.
Now I need to get the EBET but how?
million market cap, it just began you god damn retarded tripfag
i hate to be mean if you dont know what to type in the boxes man you shouldnt be in cryptosliterally type in how many you want and price hit buy wtf
I have figured it out, it just that why is there not a button where you put in what you have and then it buys for that amount?
oh, i dont know.
some exchanges have that they might have it hidden.
Is there a way to find EBET timeline where it shows it's worth over time.
I have searched but can't really find it.
coinmarketcap shows price history
You have to go to Deposit and move your ETH from Main to Trading account.It's easy.Then you Market buy with first a click on Balance which will automatically fill Amount and Total.Do this many times until you have exhausted your Balance.
Holy shit am i actually going to get my money back?
Some of the threads we had so far:43069444301589Looking at the trade history on https://etherdelta.com/#EBET-ETH you can see how the price was being manipulated since before the "news", and continually after, unbeknownst of the members of the Discord itself.https://etherscan.io/tx/0x4359557369b8d0fae89667ddb724c9b1f466eaac318dc090d7eb79c589d53172https://etherscan.io/tx/0xa9e352c9152445bb992f1c7ba670e63f269daf3f924601230ebe264834108aafWhat news?
A video (yes, just a video) of the supposed alpha.It's disgusting what it's being done here
is it really so easy to get heavy bags?gotta be careful with that
What price manipulation?there has been less that 3k$ volume a day for the last 2 months.
faking messages just for thisim not even mad this is a funny post
that's pretty funny since one or two of the messages is real just not the first one yeah
bump