Explain why you don't own a TenX card yet and why you still convert back to Fiat
Hey anon,I've been thinking about having my funds all in crypto for a while now, the only thing stopping me is that all cards and apps so far to pay at retailers are fake (I think as you said, prepaid cards that bulk convert to fiat before you spend them.is tenx one that converts to fiat per purchase ?
if so then I have no valid reason not to have this.do they have a tap to pay app as well, or only a card ?
Because with TenX you have to send the funds to their wallet and trust them with ur funds.
With TokenCard you can keep your Wallet and Private key.
TokenCard will even work with MyEtherWallet and supports ZCash aswell.
Relevant:http://cc-lyoness.blogspot.hr/2013/06/lyoleaks-1-lyoness-corporate_3.htmlPossible pyramid scheme at play, since Julian Hosp was engaged in fraud in his previous company.
Exercise caution!
Just because Julian *MIGHT* have been involved in fraud some years back doesn't mean that TenX is a scam.
It has a working product.
It's being developed.
It is in use by thousands of people.
Spread your FUD somewhere else.
They have an App as well and only convert for purchase Redpill me on TokencardHow do the fees compare to TenX?
Bump
How do the fees compare to TenX?I think TKN has 1,5% fees where 1% goes to asset conttact if im not mistaken.TenX claims "no fees" but they have really shitty conversion rates where they basically fuck you over so you pay "fees" that way.Both of them will have some really big legal issues consisdering their token being a security.
Mona.co foresaw this months ago, and have removed that functionality from the MCO token, so it can be listed on bigger exchanges and continue to exist on bittrex.
The CEO of mona.co is working on giving the MCO token the same functionality as the asset contract without it being illegal to trade.
It's WAY undervalued ATM because of heavy FUD campaigns.
you know that it will change soon, right?
You pay 0% Fees when you use the TKN Token.You keep your (third Party) Wallet like MyEtherWalletYou keep your Private KeysYou never send funds to TokenCardRelease Q42017Developed by New Alchemy a Peter Vessenes Company
4483939Tokencard seems like a bunch of incompetent teens IMO, but i am whitelisted for a MVP card so i guess i wish them all the luck of the world...They are seriously behind schedule though
This is FUD.
MCO was and is not able to Code.TokenCards lawyers are the same like Bancors.
They already clarified that MCO does not know what they are talking about.
Also MCO STOLE the TokenCard WhitePaper.
They were simply not able to deliver.
You only converts to fiat per purchase + no fee, +0.1% you get back in ETH.+ they got new contract with VISA so they might upgrade this shit.
Q4 2017 Release Date.
App with ZCash support.
I dont have to trust TenX with my private key?
I dont have to send funds to them?
Please Redpill me with a Link.
i've had a bullshit prepaid visa from a shitty local exchange literally for years
They were simply not able to deliver.UMM try again sweaty: https://www.visa.com/splisting/viewSPDetail.do?spId=3004&coName=Foris%20Asia%20Pte%20Ltd&HeadCountryList=SINGAPORE&reset=yes&pageInfo=1%3B30%3BASC%3BcoNameDo you see tokencard on there?
;^)Mona.co has ordered 500K cards already and has more than 25k reservations with 0$ spent on marketingAlso, do you think tokencard stating "TKN IS NOT A SECURITY" in the whitepaper holds up against SEC?
yeah, nah
those are fucking metal platinum cards btw.
Free too with token lockup
So would you hold TenX or sell?
Also, what does Tokencard have to show after they planned to release MVP 3rd of october?
Not even an app, and we are almost i december...
Does not scream competance imho
PAY is a bad investment, even their team says so.
They would have to process billions of dollars for that token to be worth it's own value.
That will take YEARS.
Buy something that is not a security instead, like ETH
Monaco issues Prepaidcards (in Singapore).
You cannot receive Paychecks with Prepaidcards.TenX on the other hand issues Visa Debitcards in the EU and Brasil (Not Prepaidcards) with Name through Wave Crest.
There is actually your Name on the DebitCard and you can receive Paychecks.
BIG DIFFERENCE!here you go:https://www.visa.com/splisting/searchGrsp.do?companyNameCriteria=wave_crest
NOPE, tenx has the exact same license as monaco, but share BIN numbers with several other companies, which means they have less say in decisions and can't set their own terms.
Monaco has 2 BIN numbers of their own.
Also, prepaid = debit, it's just semantics.
VISA is just nazi about what you can call one or the other.
You load up a debit card too, but it's linked to a bank account.
Monaco will have the ability to top up your wallet directly from your bank account, so it is the same thing.
Exactly You CANNOT receive Paychecks with ur PrepaidCard.
Only real DebitCards can receive Paychecks !!
!Thats why TokenCard will win.
You can get rid of your traditional Bankaccount.
you can set up automatic top up when you receive your paycheck though, same functionality basically.Being first to market is very critical to success though, and it looks like tokencard is THE last one to get a product out.
Look at tenx, centra (approved by mastercard today) and mco...
LOL What about Facebook ?
Was Facebook First to Market?
LÖL No.
TenX and MCO are Friendster and Myspace.
TokenCard is Facebook.
Cap this thread and come back in 1 year buddy :))
You realize you're arguing with a shill right?
You've presented the facts already.
We're on your side.
I don't want to deal with gains taxes on coffee purchases.
I'd rather have a credit card backed with crypto.
I think SALT is supposed to be releasing something like this.
not a shill, want both to thrive, but i have little confidence in the tokencard team.
This is coming from someone who put in substantial amounts in both TKN and MCO ICO, and has a MVP card reserved and a monaco black card.
I don't want to deal with gains taxes on coffee purchases.
I'd rather have a credit card backed with crypto.
What the fuck are you even trying to say
how do these cards handle fraud, returns, hacking, getting stolen etc?Oh, they don't?
I'll stick with visa, thanks.
lol of course they can handle those things you moron.
You can easily disable the card in the app.
Mona.co even offers 500K travel insurance
tenx is just a regular visa that uses an exchange to pay for stuff like coffee in usd, so essentially you can't pay with eth unless the coffee shop specifically states they accept eth.tl;dryou pay a fuckload of commission to use your crypto wallet as a credit card.
What happens if someone loses their card, and another person picks it up and spends $2000 dollars?
Do these cards have early warning fraud departments that freeze cards based upon suspicious activity?
Does the person get their $2000 back?
How does this all work?Credit cards provide massive layers of protection for their users, and will just give you money back that is stolen in almost all cases.Your shitcoin cards seem to be nothing more than direct access into wallets, great for criminals!Fucking idiot.
lol
I'm saying that I am wary of making lots of small purchases with a crypto debit card.
I am assuming it converts your crypto to fiat when you use it at a store.
In the usa you are supposed to report your gains on every crypto transaction.
I'd see it as a hassle.
TAXMAN
I own pay token but IStay the hellAway from depositing my btc at tenx since I think Julian host is a scammer
Tokencard partnered with Wave Crest:https://medium.com/monolithstudio/wavecrest-partnership-announcement-733a8e6e5554
I trade bitcoins for cash and I get the true vale + 1% extraI then put the cash in my bankThen I pay for stuff with my credit card and get 1% cash backUsing TenX would cost me 2% extra for all purchases
well, you actually pay fees, just with tokens instead cash, wait....YOU STILL HAVE TO PAY FEESgtfo
Bitcoin needs to lower its fees
Because there is zero reason why the token should excist.
Token utility is zero and will always be zero.
And don't come up with the dividends, because they cannot even justify half of the current price.Great project though.
Further more SALT's idea is to give you a fiat credit line (loan) based on your crypto collateral.
If you miss your monthly payments they take it from your collateral.
You can avoid gains taxes this way.
what?
No one can answer my question ?
?kys
The shill probably got boredInteresting.
Didn't know that, thanks.
4486316Went to the gym to get swole actually, don't wanna do research for you, so DYOR or stay poor