Reminder that XRP is your ticket to eternal comfy NEETdomBUY AND HOLD
What does that high amount of supply mean?
old-ass news.
already pumped and dumped because of this.
pumped when people saw the words american express, dumped when they realized they're not actually using the shitcoin.
$1 to $2 per XRP is nothing unless you can afford to buy a shit ton of it now.
And I mean a shit ton.
Like the pee pee poo poo guy.
I think it's a sure profit, but not enough to retire on unless you can afford to buy millions or billions right now.
making money to be a NEETthat’s faggot crap.
You get the money to hire a personal trainer and get good clothes and eventually wife a 9 you bonehead.
lol moronThe channel it's in since it's peak a few hours ago is tightening as fuck, and it's a descending triangle.
Oh and it's stuck at the 0.5 fib ;)get in right now before moonround 2, or be salty after
You can still be a NEET technically.
All that's required is not being in employment, education, or training (for a job, not to get /fit/).
If you think about it, people dreaming of getting rich to quit their jobs just wish they were NEETs.
doesnt know what the external ledger is forwhat is this, July?
They are using ripple products but not XRP.>”We continue to see no institutional demand for [XRP]”Remember the conference?
Ripple is great but their currency is useless.
PRICED INRICEDIN

this is exhausting you guys.
XRP is a scam.
You don't need a crypto for bank transferring software, you just need the application software ffs
THISTHISTHISTHISTHISTHISTHISTHISTHISTHISTHISTHISTHISTHISTHISTHISTHISTHISTHISTHISTHISTHISTHISTHISTHISTHISTHISTHISTHISTHISTHISTHISTHISTHISTHISTHISTHISTHISTHISTHISTHISTHISTHISTHISTHISTHISTHISTHISTHISTHISTHISTHISTHISTHISTHISTHISTHIS
i think you need to shut the fuck up, anon.seriously.
what a well thought out argument
4396798This has been discussed and debunked a million times over.
Even replying to you retards is too much.
If you haven't even taken a measly 30 minutes to research, you don't deserve our time.
what a well thought out argument
It appears the rumor was real.
Pic related was "leaked" to reddit on 10/14.
I should clarify - the heading was "American Express internal company email outlining their partnership with Ripple. "
You don't need a crypto for bank transferring software, you just need the application software ffsIf you support this argument, you don't know the first thing about Ripple and XRP, simple as.
Without XRP there is no instant settlement.
Instant settlement is what actually makes Ripple's tech exciting.
Now do your own research, instead of being an annoying retard.
how is that a crypto?
theyre connected with all the jewish companies
4396337again, American express is not using XRP.
theyre using rc cloud.
what part of that don't you understand?
the fuck are you talking about
NObody in crypto likes Ripple.
It's dead in the water.
you are such an idiot.
i work for a bank, jp morgan global technology & operations division.
XRP is not used or in any discussions.
it is a public version of ripple.
banks don't use public ripple.
they use private ripple called rc cloud
You didn't actually believe the meme that cryptos were going to beat the banking industry, did you?
Same will happen w LINK
it is a public version of ripplewat?How am I a retard?
Atleast I don't shitpost on topics that I am clueless about.
I find it extremely hard to believe that someone like you (lol) works at JPMorgan..well, maybe as a janitor.
Are you possibly in the toilet flushing department?
4398176You are an idiot.
He sounds truthful from my experience.
I am a developer for a huge financial institution and our labs team is only doing private ethereum testnet, and experimenting with b2b private ledger platforms like rc cloud, hyperledger, corda.
No real interest in public stuff afaik
I want to make money not to stop being a slave all my life but to buy shinier crap I can flaunt aroundThe absolute state of wagecuckery.
corda was what turned my attention to blockchain
Can confirm, my dad works for nintendo and he said that CuPKbG6B is a larping faggot
Ripple has no future though.
It's not even a crypto.
+ only, kid
it'll probably be something old stupid people will buy cus american express and the like
There's a shit ton of FI's in the world.
Biggest ones are always the slowest to implement new tech.
XRP doesn't need fucking JP Morgan to be successful.Ripple is currently in the phase of building an infrastructure for XRP.
When there's a network of FI's successfully using Ripple's tech, XRP usage will follow shortly after.
)
$100+ Million in VC funding from Google, Santander, Seagate, etc.2) 200+ employees, including former SWIFT execs3) Offices in San Francisco, New York, London, Sydney, India, Singapore and Luxembourg4) Sits on Federal Reserve Task Force5) Sits on IMF Fintech Advisory Board6) SEC Registered7) ~$15 Billion in unrealized assets8) 100+ Banks testing/implementing Ripple tech9) Confirmed real world use of XRP on 10/10/17 by Cuallix10) Partnership with AMEX announced on 11/16/17>no futureYeah, ok. You're either being intentionally obtuse or you are quite simply one fantastically retarded motherfucker.