Well anons, this is my farwell as this has been a terrible ride for me.
I'll tell you my story... Keep in mind that I am a 20 year old peasant by birth..
Starting in october, I lost my car and had to move into my aunts basement.
I started trading crypto with my savings (roughly 7k usd) and I began to lose it all.
Losing my mind with half my investment and all of my hope gone in about mid october...
I started talking to my ex again.
I needed to feel alive because I've been feeling dead the past year over many past events full of turmoil and despair.
We've started where we left off and I've made it known to her that trading the markets is my #1 priority.
I was getting rekt back to back up until this day where I've been getting rekt like no other.
I'm down to my last 100 to my name after getting my card stolen, losing money in crypto, and spending money on her to keep her happy because I don't value my own.
It's my time to go and I feel embarrassed because I have nothing to give her and offer her as I failed in my mission of finding my 10x and getting back on my feet.
I am at the bottom and their no ladder or anyone reaching out to help me-- my core family abandoned me and never supported my get rich quick schemes.
I can't get anywhere because I keep running into unwanted expenses that keep my growth stagnant.
I don't know why I keep taking L's and I'm sick of living just to take losses, I feel like it's my time and the signs are clear.
I just want you guys to becareful trading and don't ever give up your dreams in memory of me.
Farewell anons, it's been nice trading with you
1.Go get a job & save 7k.
2.
Put it all into OMG.
3.
This time next year you'll have your 10x stop trading like a dumbass
just dump it all in link.and you'll be rich in 2 years.there's your hope.
tell me, anon, how did u decide where to put ur money?
when did u decide to buy?
short?
what were your daily goals?
Come on bruh you're fucking 20.
This too shall pass.
UGH Someone give me a rundown of this blog post
A woman who is actually into you won't give a fuck about how much money you have.
In fact she should be giving you money so you can keep the day trading dream alive
Relax.
It can always get worse, and it can always get better.
Remember that.
Money doesn't mean happiness.>Money is just sprinkles on the sundae.
Get a job and save some cash up.
You can do it.
We're all cut from the same cloth!
next time/ take 7 grand.
go to a decent trailer park and look for travel trailers that are for sale.
but two decent trailer for around 3,500 a piece.
put ad on craigslist and rent out trailers for 250 to 400, on top of lot rental fees.
Charge 200 deposit and make up some bullshit when they move out and never give it back.
Make residual income and save up and do again, and again, and again.
Use some fucking paragraphs my eyes are bleeding trying to read this shit.Get a fucking job as a server at the nicest fucking restaurant around you.Stack up cash, stop trading like a retard, put your money into some good fucking coins.You can find them on /biz/.
They will be the ones that aren't being talked about.
Look at confido, it only had like 2 posts during the whitelisting period, no one knew about it.Stop being a fucking pussy and don't fucking give up.
Take some advice from dear Grandma VonVulfhassen
Reddit spacing makes my eyes bleed more.
SO DOES HAVING TO SUCK YOUR DADS COCK FOR YOUR WEEKLY POCKET MONEY FAGET
I hope you didn't do it and won't do it anon.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wq7ttau76_Y