> P̶O̶W̶R̶> M̶T̶L̶> P̶O̶T̶> XLMShill your bags here.
vtc
RLC, let's get some heat on this crazy diamond
Fct.
They can make good on that $50 short term trade
Why we need to buy this?
Just pnd?
Actually not as shit as those other picks.
Still shit but not quite as much
god i hope vtc pumps sooni've got a lot in it
wtf is pbc help this fag out
Block reward goes down in december.
We will see a nice pump soon, anon.
kys please
Ok i am in.
It's antimatter - BUY NOW!
It's ZEN cash.
GRS, new roadmap, better than VTC and better potential for gains, but it's also nothing too special.
i like it tho
Sources confirm its BTC.
Time to unJUST your bags.
not even trying to shill my bags, feeling comfy as fuck and actually want xlm to hit bottom one more time to confirm my predictions and to get one last big buy in.I tried to tell you guys in a previous thread but no one caredon xlm"we're also holding over 600 million market cap for the first extended time period.this is the fourth time its hit the 600 million value, and it finally looks to be holding which means could finally see enough support for another big move up.combine that with the fact that we're on the low end of the 0.035 to 0.04 usd fluctuations we've been having recently, and combined with most recent btc rally, and potential developments end of november, and the fact that we're near the bottom of our btc trend, this could be big,I'm starting to get really confidentwe'll probably have another move down to the low 400's to touch our base one more time before we have a breakout of the general wedge pattern we've been forming since octoberparden the wacky TA, what I'm talking about should be pretty visible"
then here is the bigger overall trend,don't mistake this for a descending triangle (which is a bearish pattern)the bottom trend line has a noticeable positive slope to it and in that circle, we have several support lines coming together.
watch for low 400's around nov 21, and try to get in there.considering a btc run up to 10k looks likely if the 8k resistance doesn't slow us down, and the fact that btc gains somewhere around $400 a day on a strong run up, that's 4 to 5 days of btc run up, and a relative dip for lumens.considering how big the 10k resistance is for btc people will likely start taking profit well before we reach 10k, and it's likely we'll only see an approach, not a hit, which will line up with the end of xlm dip, and news acting as a linchpin will catapult this thing to new highs
Mommy pls..
pardon my shitty ta, don't have a proper graph for this,but take a look at that light blue market-cap line,massive bull flag, and previous resistance at 600 million finally turing into a support line, steadily rising bottoms,and at the top there, you'll miss it if you haven't been paying attention, but that 100 billion total supply number was recently halved from 200 billion.
so while this hasn't effected the circulating supply, it shows potential for higher values per token because there is less deflationary potential because there are less coins to flood the market with.I can't emphasize this enough, we're still at 600 million marketcap, that still leaves room for massive growth, it's 1/20th the market cap of ripple, despite having roughly the same total supply, and having approximately half the circulating supply.
baring the one in a billion chance that the devs decide to dump coins and double the circulating supply, a 10x in marketcap to match ripple would put us at double the price of ripple.xlm is 1/20th the marketcap of ripple, meaning we can hit a price equivalent to ripple with only half the market cap.that means x10 marketcap and x10 price would put as at the same price as ripple, but instead of having to move from 1.2 billion to 12 billion marketcap as ripple did (increase of over 10 BILLION USD) we would only have to go from 600 million to 6 billion (increase of about 5.5 billion)I'll stop shilling, for now, but the potential upside is huge and the downside is pretty minimal in terms of usd.the risk/reward is very low, and the potential very high.price has moved up a bit since then, but still strong potential, not sure how much of a dip we'll see as marketcap is now moving towards 700 million.
anyway, try to find a good low point to pick some up, and hang on until the end of the month
4473596waste of bandwidth
Gut instinct tells me its Walton.
Good, I already dumped it after buying low.
NOPEkek