Buy in around 47 or 48 maybe even 46, it is going to moon with the upcoming announcements>Higher Risk>Higher Reward>Sell when it hits $50-$90Bull flag is forming!
The only reason i sold NEO was because it stayed in a 28$ range for 2 months.
Now a company that never shills themselves suddenly describes this news which they are about to release as something that uses your 3 lifetime’s of luck, this just screams moon mission x9000.Look at the ICO’s done on neo’s platform for next month, every single damn one of them has some kind of deep relationship with the chinese government and state owned companies.You guys will fucking hate yourselves, if NEO is made to be the only government compliant platform for CHINESE ico’s on mondayBurned?
We are talking about fucking NEO, even if I get burned I get 10% a year from collecting gas dumb fucks
>bull flag forming
I concur with this maybe not x9000 but definitely x2-x10
Looks like a sell off to me kid
https://hackernoon.com/neo-onchain-and-its-ultimate-plan-dna-4c33e9b6bfaaThe dots is starting to connect!
Its up to you to buy or not, however when I make mad gains I will use a screenshot of this thread to brag.
Is it too late to buy now?
Seems like it is just moving sideways, I am afraid the rumors are alreayd priced in and it will dip pending the actual news being amazing, at which point it will spike or dip
What is the best way to exchange ETH for NEO?pls halp
kek i love these postsi bought at 540k and am strongly considering selling at 480 rather than waking up to this sub 400i've been getting just so hard and this was a last ditch effort, i literally sold link at an 80% loss for this shit
Real talk guysOn Monday, if China actually does come out and say that NEO is going to be the official smart contract platform, what will happen to the price?Especially if they ban bitcoin mining, but allow NEO staking - It's going to be insane.Will we see it break $100 before December?I can't believe I invested in this shit just because of the ant logo
Yeah I'm in same boat, I bought around 515K.
Not a level I'm comfortable going to bed with.
It's called a correction.
Next it probably hits 62, a quick correction then we move even more.
Here's a much more realistic question to ask?On Monday, if China actually does come out and say that NEO is going to be the official smart contract platform, what will happen to the price?Why would they?>the absolute state of biz
it will break 100 next week then settle around 70 til 2018 when itll break out to 300-400
OH FUQ ITS HAPPENING BUY BUY BUY
I'm all in long at 51k, not worried at all friends
https://twitter.com/CryptoKirby/status/931649106963042304
what a load of shit
Unrelated to the rest of this news, think of the pump we're gonna see when this finally hits Bithumb.
It's gotta happen soon, rank 7 coin.
yeah i mean this sounds so fucking dumb i literally want to sell right now, how retarded to actually believe this shit lmao
look at neo right now, you're retarded
what wallet do I use??
4422583clearly says rumorsthats why im asking IFFFFFF
i mean, come on, you can't even fucking mine neo, and three major exchanges making major developments or listings for neo in the same weekend it literally sounds like a fanfic written by a 12 year old neo fanboymaybe they wanted it to sound so retarded to fud people because the china unbanning rumor is actually legit

Its retracing dumbass
Bittrex & Binance have NEO/ETH markets.
It could be a way to disguise whoever leaked the info.
Insert fake info so they can't figure out who leaked.Of course the simplest explanation is that they're going to open a new exchange who's white paper releases the same time they present.
But!
Rumors are rumors and people buy regardless of if it sounds stupid
this coin isnt as good as eth nor will it ever come close
You're made you didn't get in at 48 its at 51
Yeah there's no way they'd do something like release a new exchangehttps://neonexchange.org/It's not like they'd involve a known partner that Da Hongfei is an advisor for eitherhttps://loopring.org/en/index.html
put it all in nuls boyz
cant mine NEOpretty sure thats just a typo, or translation error>three listings in a weekendnot when all of it is riding on what china wants.exchanges have been waiting for china to make up their mind on this crypto shit for months, and it sounds like they have.
Im not touching anything in China or India.
Fucking kneejerk reactions anytime the government doesn't like something that can cripple your entire investment.With poos, you loseWith chinks, it sinks
ok whatever you say man you're obviously more smart that the chinese and korean investors.
Thanks OP for heads up.Waited for triangle to break.Bought in at 500k sats
Yeah that'd be nonsensical
np this will moon when chinese announcements are confirmed
this is it.
THIS IS IT.
may the gains be with youfuck the haters
op you sound desperate and sketchy Im going to sell
do it no balls
oh, we're mooning again
YES I SOLD IRGHT BEFORE THE MASSIVE DUMPI AM NEO
Yeah I was a little late.Still made nice little profit.That fucking order book tho, 45 btc walls flashing left and right.
THANK GOD I SOLD AT THE TOP OF THAT PUMPSEE YOU BOYS AT 400K LMAOi mean i bought in at 540k but at least i got out with minimal damage
I can't wait to tank order books one day.
Being a whale must be a lot of fun.
Well unless your a TenX or Flo whale.
That would suck.
hey wizard what is too late of an entry point?
because beyond the TA side of things, I think that NEO is likely going to be top 5 coins well into 2018.
Not that I am married to this coin, but the tech looks strong, and the meme lines show impending success.I'm riding the BCH wave right now (recovering a loss), and fear it's too late to get into NEO?
i am but a simple /k/ommando with a shitty coinbase account and almost no understanding of crypto, pls lead me to the slaughter like the lamb that I am.
How do I give the chinks my ETH and How do I store the NEO?
Pretend I'm retarded because I am.
I can trade rare assads and feed your ego If you help me
Get ready to take over the world.
NEO #1
buy eth on coinbase with debit card>open binance account>transfer eth to binance>buy neo on binance>google neo wallet>create new wallet>withdraw neo from binance>forget about it for a while
) sign up and send to bittrex binance kucoin etc2) buy NEO3) send to address generated by Neon wallet, write down private key and address somewherehttps://github.com/CityOfZion/neon-wallet/releasesthen you good nibba
Chinese investors pay $2MM for a shitbox in Vancouver at the height of housing bubblesYeah, I probably am
4423137Bless you glorious anons.
I'll buy you lambos when I cash out
goes down a little
MAKE SURE EVERYONE DOES THEIR KEGELS.
NO MONEY IN THE WORLD CAN SAVE YOUR NON WORKING DONG.
DO YOUR REPS PEOPLE.