guys, did you see this?vitalik is trying to greentext on twitter, he's definitely on 4chanHI VITALIK, GJ WITH ETHEREUM
He's just quoting someone, so he uses Reddit
>He things using '>' to denote a quote is a 4chan thingFucking christ
reddit uses it too you fucking inbred nigger
I feel bad for him.
People saying negative things like this are hard.
Maybe he'll feel better if he watches some porn he bought off the dark web....
It predates 4chan
Yeah there was a child porn thread on /biz/ yesterday -- he was definitely here.
Really?
You're actually going to use that foul word?I don't even care if you're joking.
That is never a joke and you need to fuck off right now.
Of course this pedo goes to 4chan.
That said, meme arrows are as old as the internet.
It's not a 4chan thing.
He does browse, or at least know of 4chan.He responded on twitter to biz's joke about him dying, he's also used Pepe in one of his presentations.
LOL
I think he does come here actually.
you have to go back

4367809woah woah woah okay sorry, i dont use that shit so ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
he means "Reddit" guys
He posts on reddit.
A lot.
go back to plebbit then you retarded faggot
reddit uses the same > to quote someone
You're a fucking nigger like literally, it explains why there are shills in fucking /biz/ promoting dumb shit.Did you think it was just some kind of meme for 4chan to find out who's a nigger on an anonymous image board?
You take back that inbred insult you kike!
OKAY GUYS i get it, reddit uses arrows to greentext too, lets move oni just wanted to be cool
kek
eth lost 3x its current btc value in 5 months.
eth is dead.
eth tokens killed eth, and whatever the shitbag icos didnt kill, vitaliks twitter finished.
eth died.
move on it was a jew pump and dump thats all.
Yeah guys, I never wanna see Reddit on a post ever again
4367832emails have been using that for decades you mouthbreathing teenagers
Lmao I was in the original "Vitalik Car Rekt" thread and then spent a week screaming as ETH lost 20%Good times
lots of people lost money cause the smart contracts were stupid.
lots of people lost millions of satoshi cause the dev says dumb shit all the time.
the sooner people realize eth is dead, the sooner the capital can go to healthy stores of value or healthy projects.
eth is gone, the number do nnot lie.
this was a satoshi massacre.
in the fast paced world of crypto its go up or die
43678684367906And they don't stop coming and they don't stop coming and they don't stop coming and they don't stop coming
 He puts a space between the symbol and text> Implying he isn't an /a/ user with /d/ tendencies
This has to be bait.
inbread*
inbred nigger
Wow!!
I didn't realize that 4chan invented using '>' to denote a quote, i feel like i'm a part of linguistic history.
we finna be rich niggas!!!
if he comes here why doesn't he try harder to pump link and reqwhy has he forsaken us to this hell
He thinks using '>' to denote a quote is not a 4chan thing>Fucking christ
Bait or not, I am laffin
HAHAHAHAHHHA
It's from fucking email you dolt
FUCK OFF
stupid fucking nigger
Its fucking html markdown you idiot.
that's called quoting you dingus.
You're fucking stupid if you think Vitalik learned it from his emails.He's autisitic as fuck, of course he goes on 4chan and of course he goes on /biz/ since this is dedicated to cryptos.
i recognize the syntax from his daily age of consent threads on /b/.
makes me feel quite sad.
He's full of shit.
Vitalik is officially a bigger manipulator than Jihan