what the FUCK bizyou said this was a moon missionyou said $1 by Decemberwhat the FUCKKKKKK REEEEEEEEEE
 Some guy says $1 by December> Believes itI'm into crypto since 2 days and even I am not such a retard.
Verge is going to be $1 soon bros!
It'll be $1 by December
DUDE cmon have you seen how many LINK posts there are on here?
I wouldn't have believed it if there wasn't 10+ LINK threads at all times saying this.
Seriously fuck you guys for unloading your bags onto me.
Is it December already?
Shit man time flies
What the fuck is a Verge and where can I margin short this shit?
Just fucking hold and stop autistically checking the price every 2 minutes.
You guys are the same people that sold all of your thousands of Bitcoin at 20 dollars or lessPatience, my friend
Hold for 2 years?
When link actually takes off.
By then btc will be worth 30- 60k and links $1 value won't matter.
IN 2 years link will be above $1, probably $5 or more.
>btc will be worth 30kHm so I could 5x my money with BTC or I could 25x+ my money with LINK.
I think I'll go with LINK tyvm
probably $5 or moreOh yeah, is that how this is gonna work?
What makes you so sure?
tons of people saying "DUDE TOTALLY BUY THIS ONE, IT'S GONNA MOON">it's been going down since the middle of OctoberSo you will take statements from random fuckers on /biz/ over common sense?
You have no one but yourself to blame for this stupidity.
You're not wrong, but it sucks for me.At least this was a sobering moment I needed.
probability of btc being at 30 is much more likely than link @5 IMO.
still hodling my link like a retard since pre sale.
SHOULD HAVE SOLD FCK SERGEEEEY
By then btc will be worth 30- 60k and links $1 value won't matter.BTC - $7800 to $30000 = 384% returnLink - $0.16 to $1 = 625% returnEven by your own estimations, I would get twice the fucking return on Link.Enjoy your Down's Syndrome.
It's going to be $50 Q2 2018.
I literally cannot wait to see the wojacks.
Link seems to be really working for you guys.
/biz/ really shit all over themselves on this one.
Red-pill me why it'll be so high, in specifically Q2 2018.If you can't explain this, you're def part of the problem here.
holy fuck youre deluded
BQXThank me later newfriend, last time you'll see it under $1.5 - it's already on track to hit LTC prices by EOY 2018.
It's when the network goes live at the latest and all the announcements about the people already committed to using the network are announced.It could happen sooner because the instant the network is live they will be announcing their clients and partnerships as per Rory.
tfw
$50 is a little outrageous but adoption is what is going to pump the price.
Of course there is SWIFT adoption but people forget about the MANY crypto projects that will need to use LINKs services.Blockchain tech is going to be huge in the coming years but right now it's lacking the ability to connect to the real world legacy systems that we are currently using.
That will change with LINK.
Going all in if it hits $.15I'll donate a bit of my fortune to biz cucks once it hits $50 next year just to prevent mass suicide.
Link holders have moved to xrp cause it's getting job done.
That amex partnership announcement got big companies watching xrp.
It's a race of time and by the time link has a working product xrp is way ahead of link.
Thoughts?
O.o you are smoking some great shit man if you think LINK is going to hit 50 in a year.
Let's relate portfolio management to being the GM of an MLB team for a second; It's the offseason and you have to make some pickups, so you decide to sign a free agent from the NHL...they are both professional athletes so they can compete in different sports right?
No, LINK and XRP are playing in two different ballparks.
I'm a big LINK holder too but $50 in a year is pretty unrealistic unless some HUGE partnerships happen.
I guess more likely scenario is anywhere between $5 and $20.
What's a good exchange for just using USD?No bitcoin, no altcoin, I just wanna use the money from my bank into an exchange.
top kek
Theres limited options, very limited, thats why whatever makes it onto coinbase moons.
"Fiat Gateway" is the term you are looking for here buddy.
Link will continue to fall.
Definitly won't moon.
Not touching this garbage
Yeah, I've been looking into it.I made a Binance account, but it looks like I'll probably have to create a Tether account in addition to it so I can transfer my money to the Binance exchange cause I don't even possess a 0.0000000000001th of a Bitcoin.
BTC will be 1$ in two years!Check my doubles and mark my words.
just buy some eth and get some on etherdelta, the sooner you learn to work with that shithole the better

AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA *inhales* HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Do you know how many people it takes to make 10+ posts?
quads
Is it pretty easy to convert it from my cash?Fuck man, I'm doing research into all this and holy fuck there's so many options in exchanging my cash.