If your jobs saw what you post here day in day out you'd no doubt be assigned workshops, perhaps even immediately terminated.
kys
The irony is that most of the posters here are cashiers and shelf stackers.
piss off mangina, women are a deprecating asset
i think you clicked the wrong link buddy
Does that make it right though?
Couple of Hundred years ago the law allowed me to beat my wife,doesn't make it right
because we want to, it doesn't mean we are telling the truth about what women are but we are doing what we please, now fuck off snowflake
my boss would probably just laugh with everything i say

delet
Damn, I want to fuck her in the ass and cum.
Only if the womyn were around sweet cheeks.
I'll have you know every man you have ever worked with has had an in depth discussion on what you vagina would look, smell and taste like with the others.
Even if you're horrid
your jobsWhere the fuck do you think you are?
/biz/ stopped being a board for working people about jobs, investments, and learning how to start your own business a long time ago.
It's now populated almost entirely by NEETs and minimum wage fags trying to get rich off crypto.
Well, it's working for me.
this.
i came from /v/ here when graphics card prices rose to insane levels in spring.
wanted to find out why and people pointed me towards /biz/.
then /biz/ administered me the krypto-pill and thats how i got into krypto.
I usually just post VTSAX so I'd probably be praised for being a responsible adult who tries to help the mentally handicapped.
jobs
Problem isn't that your boss might find out.
It's that you cultivate a subconscious bias, even if you just objectify ironically.
Then when you need business partners you'll be less effective at recognizing talent
your jobHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
not recognizing that men are better at pretty much everythingThis subconscious bias you peak of sounds rather like an asset to me.
Who is this jewess?
Any nudes?
Yes mommy terminate meTerminate me mommy mommy mommy crush me mommy milky milky shove it down my throat
individual variance doesn't exist, we are all the average person of the demographicYou know what, you're right mate.
Absolutely right.
Plenty of them.
Here's a tip: search for Ben Shapiro's sister.
I just looked this up and you and the entirety of /pol/ are autistic as fuck.
she doesn't even look like the girl people are trying to say is her.
idk if it's one of those le ebik troles to trick them libruhls but you're just making yourselves look retarded at this point.
Inbred hillbillies.