>"hey man having CP shouldn't be a crime">ETH goes uphow?
because it's common sense that what you own on your PC is yours and shouldn't be a crime as long as you're not a producer.
One person morality =/= everyone's money
chart patterns.Vitalik was just fucking with us the same way he did a few months ago when he told us "sell your neo" 3 days before it crash
have cocaine in my house>shouldn't be a crime cuz I'm not el chapodo you fucking hear yourself
Gave the green light to pedoes buy CP with ETH.
having this terrible comprehension skillsHe said you could make an argument that possession is harmless as a way of arguing against legalizing heroin.But /biz/ doesn't DYOR ever
Um having cocaine shouldn't be a crime
Having cocaine shouldn't be a crime, though.
having cocaine should be a crimedo you fucking hear yourself
equating 1's and 0's on my harddrive to a drugfucking brainlet
Cocaine isn't even dangerous, or addictive.
having bitcoin in my wallet>shouldn't be a crime cuz I'm not Satoshi Nakamotodo you fucking hear yourself
you buy CP though, so you're obviously financially supporting abuse
can someone give me what he actually said?
Because fucking pedophiles pumped it.
CP is big business.
>nothing on ETH for weeks>FUD FUD FUD FUD>The fud is deliciousat least we're talking about ETH
i reality though a certain combination of 0 and 1 should not be illegal.It is unfortunate CP exists, however the damage is already done and it's irreversible.
Imagine making images of executions and accidents in which resulted in death illegal.
All these twelve year olds trying to act cool.
Crack is a very real and terrible thing.
That's not the pointThe point is that making that legal would encourage itJust like how because booze and cigarettes are legal, lots of people consume it.
If heroin was legal, it would be similar and encoraged as normal by those peddling it.
We're trying to literally bread out the pedo scum from society by ostracizing them, retard.
This is political, not logical.
>hurr durr, yes im ur neighbor i slep with little girl
4370539exactly.
brought in all the pedo dollars.
if you've been tuned to the proper frequencies you know already some very wealthy and powerful people are indeed sick fucks.
well now they can play with smart contracts too.
ur dumb and this fud has no correlation
yes, but who is to say that the owner of CP did not influence the creation of more?
If someone gives money to the distributor of CP, then that in turn affects demand and therefore contributes (at least a tiny bit) to the supply.
CP should be illegal but I'm not sure how illegal.
Could be a flase flag to get ride of holders idk.
why aren't videos of executions also a crime?
there's victims there too
how long before Vitalik gets the Michael Jackson treatment?
Hollywood and Silicon Valley just wired all their cash to coinbase.That's how
are they snuff films to be sold?
So if I torrent cp it is it legal?it's not buying cp that's illegal it's having it on your computer.
i reality though a certain combination of 0 and 1 should not be illegal.Yeah but contributing to the production or demand of that industry should be.Every time you buy a baggie of coke you're literally bankrolling militias in Columbia who have caused generations of hardship and civil war.having a snowclone in my post>shouldn't be a crime because I'm not Amy Shumer stealing jokesdo you fucking hear yourselfhe deleted it but the jist of it was>I could easily ague that a) heroin possession does harm to nobody other than the user b) possessing CP doesn't do any direct harm Don't need to be - it's literal evidence of murder.
I'm sure a person who video tapes it can be done for accessory to murder or accomplice.How about just not getting involved in CP at all?
Pretty easy.
sexual acts upon a child is already extremely illegal.
Same with murder.
There is a market for both, logically the consumers haven't directly caused any harm, if anything these people need to seek mental health treatment not a jail sentence.
Ok, well that's very reasonable.
I think it's important that no matter what the issue, that we can argue the "other side".
Vitalik is saying that he can argue the "other side" of both heroin legalization and CP.
If anything this goes to show how smart Vitalik really is and shouldn't be used for FUD.There's too much one sidedness in society.
Just look at politics.
You're either left or you're right, you know what I mean?
By owning BTC you increase demand for it, which increases the price, which improves the financial position of pedos who all use BTC to purchase CP, so you're directly creating demand for abuse by buying BTC.Gas the BTC owners, currency war now.
Exactly.
Except you have to have produced that cocaine yourself, not by buying it off of someone.
sexually abusing a child shouldn't give you a jail sentenceWhat the fuck is wrong with you?Serial killers have mental problems too, that doesn't mean they shouldn't be put in prison
if anything these people need to seek mental health treatment not a jail sentence.In a more sophisticated social/legal system, yes.Someone in a thread yesterday was saying there's circumstantial evidence that relaxing laws on pornography (all types) causes fewer assaults.
I don't know how much I believe that - but it does kinda make sense that if someone has a catharsis they will be less inclined to act.On the other hand, I could see it as bolstering their resolve to act upon their fantasies, sort of sexually conditioning them while at the same time allowing them to normalize their desires.I don't know.
I'm a very vanilla guy.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rgLoLnx77bgThere's too much one sidedness in society.
Just look at politics.
You're either left or you're right, you know what I mean?Yes.
Yes I do.
All too well.And while, yeah, it shows how reasonable Vitalik is - it also shows a major lapse in judgement for him to get involved in such a conversation in the first place.
You and I, and a minority of people can see that he's not endorsing either - but OP (provided he's not trolling) and many others willfully misinterpret it as an endorsement.
The fact that Vitalik didn't realize how much of a clusterfuck it could be is surprising to say the least.
?
I though we where talking about CP here not the act itself
He meant possession shouldn't put you in prison.
Not perpetrating the acts.Calm your tits mate.
Do a second parse to see if they are a covert pedo or not before you fly off the handle.>Serial killers have mental problems too, that doesn't mean they shouldn't be put in prisonWhat if they were rehabilitated before they committed any murders?
I can see it being a lapse in judgment.
Vitalik probably isn't the one to engage such an issue.
ETH is now the pedo currency.
We're making money off of absolute degeneracy boys
Because most of the NEET crypto retarded whales that run this shit show are pedos, so it's actually a good news.Normies don't even know who is Vitalik Buterin, as far as BTC goes up they don't care.
is this /pol/ leaking or shills?
there's no way you could think he meant that, he even clarified it like 5 times
pedos switching from monero to ether
By existing, you make possible humanity, which makes possible production of illegal pixels on a screen.
End your life.
so it's okay if you don't buy it?
Because most of the world doesn't operate on the same puritanical "shun them for wrongthink" attitude that retarded Americans have.
If you didn't buy the cocaine and it's for personal use then yeah boiiii