>take a vacation to an offshore company>Setup bank account>Deposit earnings in said account>Sign up for credit cards >Live off credit cards paying via offshore account Or>Find family who doesn't know shit about crypto>Deposit earnings via wire directly into account under 3k so as not to trigger bank investigation
bank investigations are triggered by the overall amount deposited, they usually forward it to the revenue agency.
I work at a bank(s), have been for the last 7yrs.
If anyone makes a sudden deposit over a certain amount usually 3kish it's going to trigger a review.
Unless it's routine, even then I've seen people with daily balances of 15mill get audited hard on the back end on a deposit of 150k.
hmm we have this guy whose identity we already know thanks to our massive surveillance using a card from offshore heaven>oh hey look hes getting his income sent to offshore heaven too>lets make a case on this guy then give him subpoena to explain how it is his taxes are paidYou'll be fined, possibly jailed even before you can finish b-but muh presumption of innocence
NEVER VIOLATE THE RULES OF THE TAXMAN.
THE TAXMAN DOESN'T PLAY NO GAMES.
IF YOU VIOLATE HIM, HE VIOLATES YOU 10X HARDER.
YOU DON'T WANNA MESS WITH BIG GUBERMINT.
THEY LITERALLY OWN US.
Roger ver did it but he renounced his US citizenship first.
I'm not sure how it works out for non-US citizens but it seems possible to become a tax resident overseas like in Singapore where there are no taxes for cryptocurrencies.
If anyone makes a sudden deposit over a certain amount usually 3kish it's going to trigger a review.Wow than fuck the banks, I'll just deposit $1K at max.
>deposit $3K >get triggered a reviewtop kek
4468252You guys are idiots.
Small amounts, like less than 10k, but more than 2k, will get your account flagged automatically, if it's from unknown sources.
Of course anything over 10k will flag your account for review, but one large dump is "less suspicious" than small, steady amounts.
Bank software is designed to detect people trying to "beat" the system.
For all you know I could be completely bullshitting.
I literally could be spewing bullshit and none of this is true.
>VPN>Family is not American>Trips yearly to visit family>Deals mostly in cash, pays everything up front>Craigslist, OfferUp..etcI'm sorry did you read the part where it says I worked at a bank for 7yrs?
Kys
dude and errone just pay tax, why bother going offshore and doing all that, you will already be on a list for even setting one up.
So might as well Go offshore and pay tax, its very little though and you will have awesome legal rights if someone tries to sue the company., read into it.
So it's not longer credits cards, its only cash now.
How far are you gonna move the goalpost?
that vault 22 mission gave me nightmares
Better question is where is our longterm cryptoheaven ancap civilization town to move to?
Why am I even in this thread, I won't ever make it
Do you only eat meat?
or other stuff too for a full hearty breakfast.
This.Also after you got $250K you got enough money to play the system like everyone else who has money and pay a tax rate less than McDonald's workers.>Get a tax accountant>Setup an LLC>Move to Puerto Rico for most of the year>Buy a bunch of non-taxable muni bonds>Set up a trust fund (ask the tax accountant)So yeah...
If you just try not to pay taxes at all your going to pounded in the ass like a pleb in federal prison.
Just play the game.
j-just play the game>just let them steal your money
There are some nation islands in the pacific with less GDP than $160 (just google it) that want to have someone buy them out so they can leave before the island goes underwater before global warming.If you had a billion or so to work with, you could buy them out and build a sea wall and airstrip 30 meters up.
Also you could least a port like Hong Kong from Somalia or some other poor ass African country for 300 years or so and setup ancap government there.
Oh.
Also.
You could just start your own religion like Scientology.
Look.
If you want to an autist and you actual enjoy prison sex with other men, then yeah... Don't pay your taxes, but its not that hard to not pay them if you play the game.Or if that bothers you that much... Just move to a 3rd world nation and renounce your citizenship.
>trying to outsmart the IRSYou're gonna get BTFO
the joke is when you are rich with decent effort you pay 0 tax
If I took out 5k to invest in crypto, then in the future I withdrew my starting amount 5k, would I still have to pay taxes?
a-and the hooome of the braaaave