this coin is fucking blowing up
making HUGE gains rn
Even the fear of net neutrality is good publicity for this one.
Fly me to the moon
Let me play among the stars
am i too late on this
Nice I got 80k of the stuff for 1700 sats each the other dayI don't think we should get use to +50% gains every couple of days thoughI am pretty much all in too and plan to hold until at least late January
no...alpha in novbeta in decv1 in janthis coin will be at least 2usd by the end of jan. get in for 10x gains.
just be prepared to fucking hold until then.no point investing in a company and selling your shit before product launches.
/biz/, is this not /ourcoin/?
We're an anonymous website full of anti NSA conspiritards and this coin embodies that.I don't know how much research you've done but this coin dominates the competitors and they've delivered everything on the roadmap so far.
/shilll
also as someone who works with sterilized substrate I dig the name
after net neturality is kill and ISPs start charging 7.99 a month for a trolling package so you can visit 4chanwhere do you think hiro will host the site?
even 4chan is going to be hosted on Substratum.
dope af glad I'm on the ground floor, may this coin conquer the substrate that is crypto and creep along like mycellium until I'm in lamboland
Please STFU about this scam already.
Their whitepaper is filled with normie buzzwords and no technical info at all
sauce on fud or gtfo
scamyou're fucking retarded if you think this is a scam by this point.
hired new peeps, did multiple livestream AMAs, focus groups to test alpha.stop being so retarded jesus.
let's see you call it a scam when people are running nodes next month during beta.
private git screencap to shut you up
 whitepaper : "we will decentralize the internets with blockchain herp derp">mentions nothing about abstraction layers or protocols
yet they do talk about it on interviews, if you'd fucking do your research instead of FUDding.
also, why would any crypto start-up basically tell competitors what they're doing so they can copy them?whitepaper doesn't need to be super technical.
if this was a scam they would have run with the money a long time ago, they got 15mil ffs.
Yeah, at this point it'd be both easier and more profitable to simply finish development rather than scam.
They have incentive unless they literally can't pull it off.
I'm betting that they can.
ohhh noos Ive sunk all my sheckles iStat Menu photoshop job!
Now I shall unleash my wrath on biz!!
what is placeholder graphicsstill stuck on that whole iStat debacle?
they've released plenty of updated UI VIDEOS since then.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LzkCX9xikCUits really like talking to retards who have a strong distaste for money here in /biz/ sometimes.
just fucking remember people tried to help you when you're posting your pink wojaks
Wait for dip or buy nao?
this is the dip
BUY BUY BUY
I have a strong distaste for people trying to peddle horseshit.
mill funding Yeah and I fuck adriana lima every other day
I don't know whats with you pajeet tier FUDers, shouldnt you be out on the street shitting outsideWhy the fuck would they get an office if they were a scam.
Stratis didnt even have one till 700m cap and that's a fucking virtual office
Kys retard
Fuck.
I'm a fucking cuck I'm about to fucking buy fuuuuuck I hope I don't regret this.
Fucking FOMO man.
Maybe I just buy and don't look at this coin for like a month.
Idk.
I'm just buying now.
Maybe I'm retarded.
I don't fucking learn but I think this is going to blow up.
The market cap isn't even large atm.
Why would you even think about cashing out before January?This is only the first pump anon, fret not.
I FOMO'd in earlier too, it will treat you well and you'll feel like a rock start when it's at $0.6 and people are still FOMO'ing in
yes set it and forget it.
I'm sure this is a FOMO pump and it'll dip down to sad levels, but it was worth temporary sadness for the gains in December when this goes LIVE.
There will be so much hype, we're still a month out - that's fucking early as hell in crypto :3
https://twitter.com/SubstratumNet/status/933872954542354432AHAHAHHA Mark Cuban is being shilled
Is this actually one of the team members legitimately shilling Cuban here?
That's pretty pathetic
oh sheeeeeitBUCKLE UP BOYS
this is an investor that works for a tech company that reports to Mark Cuban, not someone from the SUB team.
Oh that's fucking stellar news then, definitely a comfy holdmaybe we'll break 30k sats this hour
>tfw accumulating on coss
how can you stand to use such a shitty exchange?
ASSHOLE FREE MINUTEEvery SUB you buy is a fuck you to the FCC.
>found out about this coin last week>"what the fuck?!
Why isn't anyone talking about this?
">only managed to accumulate 2,000 before it took offGod fucking damn it now instead of a Lambo I'm going to have a Hundai.
I'm pissed as fuck, you guys.How high do you think it will go by January?
I'm thinking $1 if the roadmap is fulfilled.
you can still buy it when it comes down to 2500 sats
4531812$1 is my target too
4532034my target is 5usd desuSUB will be a top 10 coin
Im doing this too!Fuck you
it was a legit question, the UI is incredibly bad
It's not that bad, but because enough people have complained about it they are massively improving it within the next month or 2.
They already released the designs etc.
they just need to implement it
Isn't Blockstack a direct competitor?
I wish I had enough on hand for another 1k SUB, but can't really afford to downsize my other bags.
Everything I hold will be a x10 gainer tho so nbd
yea, but it needs users to install the blockstack browser.
sub works on any regular browser, chrome, firefox, safari, opera, iexplorer, etc.
BlockstackBlockstack is creating a browser to connect to blockchains for web 3.0, and allows it to run multiple Dapps, APIs, DNSs, etc across multiple blockchains.Substratum is looking to tap into current browsers (Chrome, Firefox, IE), so that users can migrate their experience into a decentralized internet without really needing to do very much.
4532567Thanks, fellas.
4531350PSSSSTTT!
Let me tell you a secret.
You're gonna regret it.
fuck off with your heavy MAID/SHIFT bags
regret buying decentralized internet>literal days before the FCC works to eradicate Net Neutrality
test
I dont own either of those shitcoins
haha, fuck yeah anon.
Felt so comfy buying into this earlier knowing MaidSafe and Shift were gonna get BTFO
In one of the DataDash interviews, the co-founder is wearing a 'the answer to 1894 is 1776' shirt.
I already had the impression they were very proud of being an all-American coin.This IS /ourcoin/.
** lol

Luckily I hold Coss so I get these tokens delivered to me on a weekly basis.
Damn I cannot wait until Coss volume goes up in 2018.
4533568i would like this shirt
Please explain.
I have seen the many Coss posts.
I know it is an exchange.
What do you mean delivered to you?
Somebody is mad he didn't get to buy the dip :^)https://twitter.com/overridepro/status/933333027941486593He bought your bags and he's going to sell them back to you at $1 a pop