What's your excuse for not being in Alis right now?>Japanese steem>Low mc (certainly compared to Steem)>Founder is a graduate from Kyoto University, university with the highest number of Nobel Prize winner recipients in Japan>majored in nuclear fusion>After graduation, he joined Recruit Co., Ltd. (The 2nd largest HR company in the world, also the parent company of Indeed)>actively worked on machine learning and natural language analysis>received the GROWTH FORUM Award which is the highest prize in Recruit>Currently he also serves as a project leader of a joint project with Microsoft Japan.>Burn of 75% of token supply on 17 novemberSo, your excuse?
There is none huh?
shitcoin
ExplainYou are mad you didn't enter at 300 is that it?Wel don't be mad, I enterred at 4000 and 5000 is still a good entry in my opinion
I'm in and I hope burn hype will grow as huge as FLIK and TRIG oneshttps://alismedia.jp/WP https://alismedia.jp/Remember NEM and Monacoin hype thanks to the Japanese, ALIS has every reason to succeed
Seriously, the next MonaCoin type of rise when it's added to Japanese exchanges.
4282494>cheshire cat posteropinion discarded
mona has 150$ mil cap, its fucking memecointhis one is undervalued
They should totally add it to zaif.I know they will do it, that's why I'll also hold part of my bag
Yeah, now I'm hesitating to go all in on this crypto
I'm half in, security is an important matter, even if I really believe in ALIS doing one of the best performance until next week
currently holding a large amount of ALIS, this coin is going to do very well short term and most definitely long term and is still early to get in
Hodling since ICO.
Gonna be big.
And read what this dude is saying:https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/why-i-think-you-should-invest-alis-jimmy-van-duuren/
When is the token burn and how many will be burned?Also, I think the whole Flik fiasco is going to make people a lot more hesitant to buy in simply because there'll be a burn.
Flik was a shitcoin though, this does look quite legit.
Flik went x8, it was amazing.
people just mad they bought way too late like retards
Bun = from 250 000 000 to 75 000 000 tokens17th of November, the hype is happening now !I totally agree, nobody should buy a coin 2-3 days before the coin burningThe hype is happening the days beforeI made a shitload of money thanks to Flik !
My excuse is that the short term ema is about to go under the long term ema and it just went parabolic and is likely retracing down.
Man, you're using EMA on a coin which some day have a 2 BTC volume on 24hit's totally not working and you can find the same kind of EMA on every low MC coin, it's not legitimate
it means that the only guy who was as stupid to sell its ALIS at 2500sat one day (less than 1 BTC volume) had an influence on your EMA, not legit
Just bought 5k am I too late for the 2x?
What are your sell Targets?
Happy Trading brothers
k sat would be a mustat least 12k sat in my opinionwe'll see 3 days before the burn !thanks, you too !