The amount of electricity it takes to process ONE bitcoin transaction is enough to power an average home for a month.
Why are you not concerned with the high energy consumption of crypto, especially as the block chain grows?
bitcoin is a shitcoin.
xvg is teh future

But anon I am.
Well that’s the price you’re paying for security.
The higher the mining costs, the more secure the network.Anyhow I think PoS coins will eventually take over everyday transactions because of this; PoW will stay around for the heavylifting.
i bought solarcoin so
The higher the mining costs, the more secure the network.LOL.
look at bitcoin.
thousands of unconfirmed transactions.
a few chinese mining farms can literally prevent everyone from making any transaction.
there's nothing scure about this.
it is pure centralization, at this point.
reminderThese are charts showing a correlation between the difficulty adjustment algorithms of BCH and BTC, coupled with their correlation between the bitcoin mempool / chain throughput, coupled with their correlation and sensitivity to the BCH price.The BCH DAA adjusts every ten minutes to ensure a ten minute block time.The BTC DAA adjusts every 2016 blocks for the same.If the price of BTC dips, BCH steals miners.If the price of BCH rises, BCH steals miners.If the price of BTC rises, BCH difficulty goes lower and maintains miners.If the price of BCH falls, BCH difficulty goes lower and maintains miners.Simply put; there is only a single pool of rivalrous SHA256 hashing capacity and BCH is competing for it with BTC, but BCH is able to amend its bids once every ten minutes, and BTC is only able to amend its bids after 2016 blocks.This situation has already led to a 20% increase in the time between the previous and next BTC difficulty adjustment.Any price activity not favourable to BTC makes this number go higher.Any price activity not favourable to BTC decreases the total throughput of the BTC chain (1mb block / 10 minutes = 14kbps throughput vs 1mb block / 20 minutes = 7kbps throughput) this leads to BTC being an obviously worse blockchain.
Fees go up, confirmation times increase as well as the total throughput of the chain decreasing.
People notice this and the price goes down, it gets worse.
People notice it got worse and the price goes down more, it gets worse.Worst case scenario, the BTC chain is effectively permanently frozen, with inadequate hashing power to mine blocks and a difficulty adjustment pushed far into the distant time horizon to compensate.
By "secure" in this case I was talking about how costly it is to reverse a tx once it has been confirmed on the chain.Miner centralization and all is a completely different topic; obviously mining activity will always be "centralized" in the areas where electricity is the cheapest / mining is most efficient.
Buy ETH.
It's going to POS next year.
Even if the founders are racists and pedos.
I bought POWR, I really care about saving electricity.
ETH is a great choice!!!
>euphoria
BECAUSE IT'S NOT TRUE!
!You retard OP do you know how much power that is?
?i can't believe people fall for this shit
The cost of a transaction is also nearing the power bill of an average home for a month.
The absolute state of corecucks
At one point we'll just force poorfags to ride little stationary bicycles to generate the energy for us to splurge on our luxury goods.And whining outside of the holding cells will be a capitol offense.
It's the price we have to pay to stop the cucking.
.
This just shows what a good value security-wise BTC is relative to the transaction cost (as you pay for far less than the energy used to secure your transaction.2.
Nobody ever talks about the environmental impact of the extreme financialization of the US, in which over a third of current jobs stand to be disintermediated by this technology.
On a net basis BTC likely uses less than the daily operations of banks and other financial intermediaries
Bigger block size = less energy used per transaction
Proof of Stake will disappear the next years along with BTC.
Just chill.
*Proof of Work
"Chia" will attempt to solve this.https://chia.network/
at an average of 1750 txs per block, this would mean the Electricity required to mine a block could power a home for 150 years.fucking idiots on this board man
You claim something you gotta prove itNo proof, no cake
the world is going to shit anywaybetter to burn out than to fade away
No.
Its the power of an awerage house for one WEEK to MINE one btcEnjoy your bch bags shill
Nope couldn't give less than a fuck.