Have over 80k invested in crypto so far.
Already have a lot of good coins/tokens.
Shill me on a 200mill< cap cryptocurrency that I should pump my next paycheck into.
Post your Blockfolio
Or at least let us know what your larp portfolio consists of
BTC, ETH, NEO, OMG, XMR, IOT, ARK, BQX.
Got in on NEO, OMG, ARK and BQX pre-pump, as in at $5 ANS, $0.7 OMG, $0.05 BQX etc.
100% Wanchain.
COSS and LINKboth have about 50% chance of mooning hard as fuck
One is useless and the other is already overpriced
EPY 1 million market caplisted on CMC 2 days agocontacted binance and kucoin for listing just yesterdaydont be a retard and miss out on this
One will give you passive income daily and one will be part of the foundation of web3.I don't like the phrase "stay poor", but it seems appropriate here.
VEN.Very similar to WTC (incorporating blockchain into RFID/NFC tech) but aims to attract high end luxury products and already looks to have something in the works with Givenchy, and possibly BMW.
Metaverse $etp.
About to pull a $neo.
just buy BAT.
its concept is bullet proofnow it just needs to get some media attention and some usersBrave browser already has 1mil downloads on android
short term rocket HST
STX is a prediction platform like Augur and Gnosis based on Bancor, it has an actual use case for the token unlike the previous two (can just use Ether on Gnosis) as it's the only way to use the platform.
Super sleek interface and product mostly ready a couple months after ICO, great current price at 1 4th of ATH with a market cap of $24M and 3/4th of total supply already circulating so no mass-inflation.
Not on many exchanges yet but when it gets on the exchanges it'll skyrocket, definitely a project for the long run.HF!
Shill yourself.
TokenCard release around the Corner, best DebitCard as you keep your private key (!).
ELIX>Active devs with weekly updates.
>Low market cap (1.3Mil at the moment, about 6 cents each) and fairly low visibility.>Price being kept artificially low by whales.
Great time to buy, will probably pump eventually.>But going beyond potential PnD profit, the concept is solid.
Look at the roadmap.
Great for long term holding (1-2 years).
>Closest competitor (SALT) has $200 million market cap, but differs meaningfully.>No ICO scamI foresee at least $100 million market cap by the end of 2018.
The time for STORJ is now.
I will second the suggestion for COSS.Also, might want to look at Safex and what is coming soon.....
80k in crypto>pretend he can pump a 200M market cap crypto>wat?
MFW you actually think I said I could pump anything.
"Pump my paycheck into" doesn't mean pump the price.
Pajeet spotted, learn english.
Both of them are overpriced and useless.
Bagholder detected.
Coss is your next 10x If your looking to hit 1 mil with your 80k in crypto
Coss is very undervalued, just wait.
BlockCAT.
.3M supply.0M capIt's a long term play, but I only see upsides in the long run.
B I T B A Y Do your own research though, if you're a brainlet that needs to be spoonfed you don't deserve to make it
200mill<Why and how do you use this number?Pls educate a market illiterate here.
ArkYou fucking pussy.
Request NetworkYcombinator
Emphy (EPY).
The airbnb on blockchain.Low market cap, low total supply, currently on ED with new exchanges coming soon.
It's not.
There is a lot of genuine FUD about COSS.
It's a high risk, enormous return investment.
Current price is overvalued in terms of exchange volume, but might me quite undervalued in terms of future potential.
LOL
mona
So many fucking COSS shills in this thread.How do your bags taste faggots?
KYS
I recommend TRIG, very small market cap and has a meeting upcoming with NASA , the department of defense, and the united states air force.
For a company this small of market cap and this prestigious of a meeting, I expect the chart to go bonkers shortly before the meeting.
This is one to hold onto long term.
TRIG makes smart gun technologies, and drone technologies.
Developers of trig seem to be quite passionate that they have big news coming down the pipelines, government grants, partnerships and more.Disclaimer: I own less than 1% of all trig tokens .
Confido (CFD)
Confido.. it has a full short term roadmap.
Short term 4x .. new exchanges this week and maybe december.