think this coin has great potential.It's DPoS and follows in the model of ARK and LSK.The key thing to mention is that it is relatively new, and has had one major pump/dump.
It seems to be leveling out after six months of downtrending... almost where it was pre-pump.What gets me, is this bad boy has an EXTREMELY LOW circulating supply of 11mil.
Compare that to ARK/LSK which are around 100mil.
Now look at the price difference... here you have a coin that has been hovering around the $1 mark for months.
I think it is supremely undervalued.Thoughts?
Subtratum is better
Bought this during one of the dips at around $0.85.
Held for a few weeks, but ended up selling during one of the pumps.I was in their Ryver for a while.
The tech is extremely good.
May even buy another bag.Thanks anon
I'd rather just buy ARK desu.Really easy to feel bullish about ARKs future with all the development plans they have.Also the wallet is a level of sexiness that is unmatched by any other crypto
Not gonna lie, ARK is what has made me most of my gains.
But it is what brought me to SHIFT also.
(The SHIFT AMA was on ARKs discord iirc)ARK is definitely a good hold, no doubt.
But I can't get over the numbers here... this reminds me of an early ARK.Think about it... 1/10 the total supply of ARK/LISK (100 mil versus 11 mil)yet1/3rd the price of ARK per coinRelatively new coin (released a little later than ARK)Tech looks decent, and the dev team is active as they are getting ready to drop new site and roadmap soon.
and just to add, we're on the ass-end of its only major pump... it appears to be reaching pre pump sat levels.
I mean, look at teh charts.
It has found a floor.
To me, this is a no brainer, if you are prepared to HODL of course.I see this going slowly upwards, maybe a few artificial pumps/dumps while consistently maintaining that upward trajectory, much like ARK did.
Can you give me a TL;DR of what it even does apart from being a DPOS coinI went to their site and just see the same generic buzzwords that's on every crypto site and too lazy to look into it more.I do love POS coins though
TL;DRIPFS (decentralized file system) for the innernette, which inherently solves the issues of not having enough space, and keeping the internet free and neutral of control by political/business entities.