It has begun
the classic doge moon out of nowherei love this coin
DOGE READY TO FLIP BTCNOT A DRILL
i bought 500k at 17 sats lets fucking go
It's has gone parabolic!
Surpassing all others!
MoOoOon
youre either completely insane or a genius
Good boyyyy
what is this magical coin?
Easiest 5x of the year
im purely in it for the pump.
doge pumps cyclically and it looks like the start of the next cycle.
wait wtf i have a bunch saved up from when i started crypto, how big is the moon?
yeah but you never know when
at least 5x from here, could be 10x
you're all already bagholding aren't you?
XDDD
Doge pumpIt's on faggots
>mfw doge pumps normally and does it better than all the Pump and dump shitchannels on discord
guys doge was 90% of my portfolio for this reason.
I have over 5 million doge.
Is this shit getting pump and dumped or whats going on?
Is this going up like the previous pumps like 100+ sats?IDK WHAT TO DO THIS COUULD BE MY TICKET OUT OF A WAGE KEK.
THIS IS ALMSOT MY WHOLE BANK ACCOUNT IN THIS SHIT
Looks like a bull flag right now.
I'm so happy for you!
You gon make it boiii.Only have 88k doge :(
who else shorting doge
Bump
where do I short doge, I want to crab-bucket wagie over here
Yes future humans, we did this!
I threw in 20 bucks just for funzies.
lets see what happens.
plz no I was legit considering suicide for the past couple weeksthis is my only hope
p...plushfag?getting real sick of these captchas, can't they get some tensor_flow to do this shit
The volume has been increasing like crazy and weekly stoch RSI has crossed, I thin this is it.
got in at 25, how fugged am I?
program it yourself faggot
Not at all.
We gonna see more consolidation at 23/24/25 then another pump.
yfw dogecoin is going to dethrone BTC
It's going to be a 5$, you just became billionaire
What's the likely hood of it actually hitting 100sats?
I have 100k in this fucking meme.
k coins or 100k usd?
USD.
It's literally 50% of my entire portfolio

Losing money obviously
pump the price>post "it has begun" on biz>dump on biztardsEnjoy your fag bros
Doge, pot, and all those coins with low volume and super cheap are pnd scams kekDon't fall for itSee 
look at the volume retard
Yeah a 5 year old coin that cyclically moons is a PnDKill yourself
4511687Newfags
 satsAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
I have info.
Its gonna be 50 in an hour then dump.
Dont sleep and sell at 45 to be safe.
Puppers out of fucking nowhere to save the day
Has doubled its volume in a few hoursDo you even patient bro?
The cavalry is coming.
If you want to make a small crypto service like a dice gambler or something the best tools available are for btc, ltc and doge.
minutes until it starts.
Buy now now now
whale here.
i pumped doge just because i was sick of seeing it's fucked up charts on the front of cryptowatch every day
I have 3 million.
let the games begin
Volume just a few btc away from Ethereum in BittrexI almost can feel the pump incoming
Doubtful it'll hit 50 in an hour.
Happy to be wrong but not too confident in that info
Pump is in January guys
sold at 24 sats
DOGE is based as fuck, I'm holding 95k, it's gonna make me a trillionaire when the DOGFLIPPENING occurs.
for me, took a small loss> Will I ever learn

Mfw i finally bought the doge I always wanted and dumped $1k into dogecoin at 20sat for the luls and to commemorate my puppy.
Pic relate
Him at 8 weeks.
Fucking dawwwww
Cute kot
poloniex
Doge chilling in daddy's lambo
Great dog, what did you name him bro?
I'm confused, isn't this pump too soon for doge?
Doesn't it like to accumulate for longer before any kind of moon mission?
Dogs need their rest after all.How can we possibly know when/how high the pump will go this time?
What are other indicators to view how it's going to moon?
RSI?
Bear
I...I need some ponk wojack and I don't even have one on the phone.I listened to an anon, 4 weeks ago, saying that doge was p&d end november, so I acumulate I sell more than half for bitcoin 5 hours ago.
Just before the rise.I need to cry I think...Wasted by a meme, what I have done with my life?