How the fuck do I stop losing money?I started with 5000 dollars 4 months ago, now I'm down to 669 dollars.
At first I thought I'd just buy BTC and hold, but then I found about altcoins and everything went to shit.
It was also bad when I found about margin... What the fuck do I do now?
How the fuck do I learn how to trade?
What have you learned out of your mistakes?
What did you do to lose so much.
Maybe think about that and then ... do the opposite in terms of attitude and your actions.
That was your lesson, education is expensive ,stop taking risks as large as in margin trading, prepare carefully before entering a trade and define when to exit a trade in case it turns against you
so here's the first step.record every single trade you make, print out the graph, and write down the reason why you made it and what went wrong or rightread a book, follow some tutorials, or get someone to mentor you.but tbf this stuff probably is not for you.
just become and investor instead of a trader.
At first I thought I'd just buy BTC and hold, but then I found about altcoins and everything went to shitThe story of /biz/.
Protip: Go into margin trading to turn your 669$ into 50$ in absolutely no time, guaranteed.
Op i am EXACTLY THE SAME 5k and i got tricked by omg Currently working on a project that will get me money back
oh fuck i also bought omisego..and i bought when it was so cheap, then i sold to buy fucking signatumi'm such a fucking retard
You entered in late july?
You would have bought 2 BTC with 5k.
You would be at nearly $16,000 in value right now.If you don't know how to trade and make stop losses, then don't do it.
invest the rest of your money in qtum, you'll earn all those money back in no time
buy low sell high is hard for many because they get greedyyou have to be convervative in the profit, the moment you see a profit take it, don't wait too long.
buy dips, take your shitcoin losses and move them to a more stable coin, don't let them get even bigger
what i've noticed is that it takes me 4-5 trades to make like 100 dollars, but only 1 trade to lose it all... i think i set my stops really badly.
This is what happens when you take advice from a Japanese Origami Forum on day trading.
I researched a lot before investing and I put most of my money into ETH, ETC, and BQX so far so good.
I fell for a few threads and got some ARK and some BCPT at the advice of biz and they have done nothing, they lost a little Ark is doing okay, but BCPT is killing me lately.
How the fuck do I stop losing money?never put more then 10% in new altcoinsnever use more then 10% for marginif you can't follow this rules seek professional help for gambling addiction
This is exactly why trading is risky business.
And in the end, trading is rarely more effective than investing.
Did nobody here ever hear this story about the parrot?http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/newstopics/howaboutthat/5988799/Parrot-beats-investors-in-South-Korean-stock-market-contest.html
Some tips I learned:1.
Do not day trade2.
Only hold solid top 10 - 20 coins (never shitcoins)3.
Never chase pumps4.
Be patientOptional: always have a BTC hedge of 50%.
Don't have enough money to do this sadly.
4.
Be patientThe most important lesson that gets forgotten all the time on /biz/.
But what do you expect from a board where threads disappear whenever they're not instantly pumped?>Optional: always have a BTC hedge of 50%.
Don't have enough money to do this sadly.Protip: Bitcoin is available in units smaller than 1.
There is no excuse.
I think the third one is one of the best tips.
A few times when I chased pumps I made money but those were also the times when I lost the most.
The only way to make money the past 2 months is with BTC.
Wait for an alt bull run
But low sale high.
Stop buying at the peak of pumps.
you know you answered your own question right?>but then I found about altcoins and everything went to shit
i went all in on sia coin , back in like march, when it around 00000650, i think.
so here i am, stuck with a shit load of siacoin.
i dont want to sell it and take the huge loss.
so i guess i just have to hold until maybe years from now, it gets back to 650
OP never listen to bizI made out like a bandit on bitcoievery shitcoin shilled here on biz has cost me moneyagain DONT LISTEN TO BIZ
because you get memed into buying pumped bags at inflated prices.
the market is actually still bullish AF, you just have to pick the right bags at the right time
if you listen to biz, you will lose everything.
i dumped everything into siacoin, bancor, golem, aragon, reddcoin, dgb.
they were going to "explode" and take us to lamboland.
well.
you know the rest
started 4 months ago>marginThink I've found your problem.
Noobs should NEVER trade with margin, especially in crypto as its already volatile enough for amateurs
I first got into crypto by putting $1000 into Elix at 20 cents and now its worth $400 lmao fuck my shit up senpai put a dildo in my butt
you just have to 8x your current capital.
regardless, you have to understand there must be losers for others to be winners.
that's how a ponzi works.
that's how social security works.
that's how the economy works.
that's how life works.