This is not a moon thread, simply a quick note to let you guys know that LTC's daily downswing is almost complete, and it is almost guaranteed to start going up a bit.
Now would be a good time to invest to make a quick small margin on your investment.
Now why the fuck would anybody want to do any type of smart shit have you looked around at where you are?
Already bought on support.
I won't expect more than +20% on this coin.
There was a 13 BTC buy earlier.
....???
?You yeah you are right, Unless it goes 120% up I won't buy as is tradition.
Just did the same about 5 minutes ago.
Well, just figured with the heavy losses most of biz has been incurring, this might be a nice break to earn at least a part of the investment back.
There are moon threads aplenty here in case that's what people are interested in, i suppose.
well, shit, you're right, anon.
I wasn't expecting to see something like this on /biz/
¯\_(ツ)_/¯
is LTC a reasonable alternative to ETH for day-trading to try & make $100 / day off 6K?
considering it.
All I'd need is a $1-$2 swing each day X 100 LTC.
I usually day trade with around 3k on ETH and LTC primarily, and swings of $100-150 are pretty common
I sold my LTC for Vertcoin earlier and got sweet gains.
Feeling comfy af.
That being said LTC is an excellent long hold too IMHO.
VTC feels better though for bigger gains in the short term.
same.
VTC has me feeling extremely comfy for the next 2-3 months.
of course idk what'll happen with the halvening, but assuming it raises the price more, then the subsequent work on atomic swapping should help out even moreeasy gains i think
Some sense on /biz/, how comfy.Also this.
In saying that I don't have a position in VTC.
Litecoin just seems like a place to throw money onto when you feel like waiting several months for your gains.
Any particular reasons for this, or is it just a random chance of fate that befell on this coin?
LTC is a prime candidate for day trading since there are swings between fairly predictable daily highs and lows.
In the absence of any variables (updates etc.
), there is ample room for margin day trading and making incremental changes to your portfolio.
This is definitely not a moon trading signal.
Hey man , are you drunk?
This isn't bitcointalk.org it's 4chan.
tbf I'm holding till 100$.
Now is a good time to accumulate more though.
Not even considering to sell until 80$