
It is a gorilla war, anon
Let BTC and BCH have their war.
Just reside in alts.
I'm all in Ark for at least the next 4 months.
Then I'll buy back into either of these two, which ever is top.
whicheverJust realize that if BTC is killed, there will be no crown to assume.
If that happened, it would destroy confidence in crypto as a store of value for decades, if not forever
stocks didnt die after 2008 housing collapse, or after dot com bust
Not really, pretty sure bitcoin cash will just take over and be the "new and improved bitcoin".
If in 3 days time bitcoin does not go up and cash is still growing.
(After the difficulty adjustment) bitcoin is done for.But we will see, the adjustment us yet to come.
And miners love to follow the money.
it's OK when BCH does it.
Just realize that if BTC is killed, there will be no crown to assume.
If that happened, it would destroy confidence in crypto as a store of value for decades, if not forever
u fucking idiot, are u aware of what the marketcap was 8 months ago?
kys
it would be the absolute last thing to "take over" from bitcoin.
if bitcoin gets taken out, nobody would trust any bitcoin clone ever again, simple as that.if precious metals were constantly changed every few years, do you think any of them would be the size of gold today?
of course not.
Yes they did.
Mortgage backed securities got fucking destroyed>tech wreckTech stocks got fucking destroyed>btc deathFill in the blank
pretty sure you're a fucking moron actually
Why bitcoin cash?
Why not litecoin?
he didn't buy Amazon or Apple of crypto
Those shitting on  don't get it.
Look at the Diffusion of Innovation.
We are still between Innovators and Early Adopters stage.
And before people make the claim that it's mainstream-- Lots of people have heard of Bitcoin, but very few people know what "cryptocurrency" is, and an even smaller set actually owns any.
BCH hard fork in 2 days to remove the EDA
LMAO right?
Pathetic.
Thanks, anon.
Laughing my ass off.
The lack of understanding in this post makes me wish you knew how to read because that is just ignorant