PublicaReal use case that decentralizes the publishing industry.
Authors today lose much of their revenue to the oligopoly of publishers but lack the necessary tools to succeed through self-publishing.
PBL, the token, allows for a decentralized way to verify ownership of books and sidestep the grasp that the traditional industry has on budding authors.- Qualified team with experience launching products at companies like DirecTV, Netflix and Sony.
Also has the CEO of Scandiweb on board.- Talks with multiple exchanges confirmed by team in Telegram- Prototype launch in 3-4 weeks, which makes it more likely for it to be picked up by bigger exchanges like Binance and Trex- Hype: the team had raised 300k prior to today’s presentation at D10, a pitch competition for upcoming ICOs with $100,000 at stake.
Afterwards, multiple buyers quickly pushed the contribution to the hard cap in a few hours.
Many others couldn't get in and are looking to buy later on the secondary market.
The presentation is available online if you want to see.- Biggest kicker: 1M hard cap.
If you look at all the successful ICOs recently, they all had minuscule caps that gave them plenty of room to grow.
While it’s not as low as Confido’s 400k, 1M is still extremely low when other ICOs continue to raise 15M - 45M.
Get in on ED next week boys.
Where is is traded now?
I cannot find in Etherdelta?
PBL is the ticker.
It will be on ED next week.
fuck off back to your pump and dump shill groupYou've posted in a bunch of other threads linking to this one, e.g.
:Obvious, shameless, shill tacticDon't fall for it /biz/ newbies: you won't hear a thing about this coin after 24hrs
Also, generic shitcoin that's been done before (e.g.
LBRY credits)Also, all those 'amazing' selling points are true of about a million other ICOs and coinsjust seriously fuck off
Obsessed FUDDER.
GTFO!
OK, if people are still talking about this shitcoin and making threads next week, I'll admit I'm wrong.
But I don't think I will be.
We'll never hear of this shitcoin againThis has been done too many times before that no one is going to just buy in.
This thread follows such a basic blueprint that it's obvious to even the dullest brainlet
What he didn't tell you :ICO was 0,10$, just don't buy over it
Just wait till next week.
You'll be surprised.
you won't be here next week unless it's to shill your next shitcoin pump
I'm here often and this was just a heads up.
Don't like it?
Don't buy it!
This is biz, stop crying for nothing and put your big boy pants on.
You could be doing other things and yet you're in here bitching about an off market coin.
Move on.
Like I said you'll be surprised and if you rather not buy, that's cool too.
Biz noobs at work today.
Sad.
ok you convinced me just bought 100k
a decentralized way to verify ownership of booksNigga you'd better be joking.