WE'RE BLASTING OFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF
blasting off.
10k 3 days?
is this how youve been sleeping lately?
Damn look at all those crazy gains
Sold top and bought the bottom.
dump and invest your money elsewhere for the meantime.
this coin isn't doing shit until Jihan feels like it
its currently more profitable to mine than BTC.
eat shit and die bch faggot chinks.
death to all chinks long live japan
you dumb fuckers are just buying their bags!
lmao fucking new kids
correctdumb mother fuckers buying bags from other dumb fuckers
are you a miner?
i doubt it.
Idiot, go look herehttps://www.bitfinex.com/t/BCH:USD
you guys are idiots if you think a coin with this kinda volume gives a shit about bags.bags are for your typical 200 BTC tvolume shitcoins.If BCH decides to move, it will fucking more regardless of some bizcucks selling their 3 BCH.
4372525pajeets
holy shit thats just blew my mind away
nice.
just priced in 100m
blew my own mindim not pajeet.
I know firsthand.
Im a dumb fucker that sold bags
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAH this shit's being milked until it finally dies for the past couple days.
Yall faggots are so focused on chasing this shitcoin PnD while the rest of the Alts are mooning.
Dump it and focus on the real gainssss
This.
BCH is still #2 in 24hr trade volume, anything might happen.
If BTC dips again and miners move over to more profitable BCH, things could go badly.
why is core paying you pajeets to FUD?
I really don't like this, it didn't work for hillary at all
HAHAHA you faggots keep buying bitcrash and yet bitcoin keeps going up....LMAO FUCKING PAJEET IDIOTS
ur retarded
mfw i made fat stacks from both BTC and BCH while watching you retards argue about which is better
are you literally fucking schizophrenic???
no one's being paid, you're the only one losing money by the minute with your chink coin bags
It's just that you guys speak like complete retards and any arguments you bring forth get quickly rebutted then you scurry off to the next shit thread.
You're either paid fudders or complete retards.
sorry new kid...it's clear what is going on.
dumb faggots are cleaning you cash fags out.
just sell and chase gains with bitcoin.
who gives a shit about product because the majority of people dont.
sell bitcoincash now and join the rest in bitcoin.
don't be noblefag
just based on they way they type, I'm nearly positive these are all pajeet core shills437251143725264372587I've been on this board a while, and threads never have this large amount of low quality FUD posts with sometimes questionable English
ANOTHER ONE JESUS CHRIST HOW MANY OF YOU ARE THERE
I've been on this board a whiledont lie to me
surely this is ironic, I can smell the turmeric off your breath as I read thisis this 4 dimensional pajeeting?
These are totally all the same person haha.Same writing style, same punctuation, same (lack of) capitlization.This is the most obvious pajeet-ing I've ever seen on this board.
this.
pajeet has been saying yall and faggot like "i'm totally not a street shitter guys" as if that'll throw us off...somehow.
who the fuck says yall?!
they're learning how to type based on britney spears interviews on jewtube.
The chart looks really bullish.
Look at all the FUD.
:)
Bull trap
Not pajeet, but I wish I could FUD on their level.
No, just a fag having some fun at the expense your investments.
Notice your shitcoin volume dropping off and other coins starting to rise?
Yea, yall dumbfaggotcashers
This board didn't use to be this stupid.
Once this bullshit blows over I hope you subhumans leave.
>gives honest opinion>called pajeetplease im not a street shitter i poo in the loo just like the rest of us
Do people have the memory of a goldfish?
BCH is making the same exact moves it did last time it went up heavily.
Big jump, followed by predictable swings up and down for a little and then a slow bleed with near zero relative volume until it went back down to the bottom.
This is the slow bleed right now
Market cap remains the same for 2 days nowthe bottom is 1200$ it wont go lower than this unless someone fucks up
They're newfags who didn't know about that.
idiots.
Switched up your spelling/punctuation so we can't tell you are still samefagging?
This.
Literally.
Best trade i ever made back at 500.
nope still pajeet shitting pants instead, not even street.
you still faggot denying the data.
kys
i have 25 btc, do you even own 1 btc worth of crypto you fucking nigger?
i don't care about instilling fud in you poor little college kids.
You can all die
I TRADED MY BITCOIN FOR THIS CASH SHIT AT .22 I KNOW FUCKED UP NOW GIVE ME BACK REAL BITCOIN AAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH
We're at the bottom you big dumb goy
oooh wow sahib...can pajeet have some wonderful treasure of yours?
LMAO.
faggot it's over
This was also said for days
definitely agree with the trend you mentioned.
i'm going to hold on account of segwit 2x being off and bch has no difficulty problems nowif we're up by 4% in the next 5 hours I'd say we'll ath again
on account of segwit 2x being off and bch has no difficulty problems nowThing is that's had pretty much no effect on BTC hashrate even with profitability switching around
hashrate is more a symptom of price than a determinant reason segwit2x being off is bullish for bch is because some people were holding btc because they thought theyd get it
Still waiting ...
Still waiting ...
Always waiting ....Can't wait for people to realize they got screwed so stop posting about Btrash every day and move on...
HERE IT GOESSSSSS LMAO BYE CASH FAGS
Why is Cash now more profitable to mine even of cores value is higher than yesterday??
mining profitability = (block coinbase+fees in satoshis) / (block difficulty) * (exchange rate in USD)
It changes a lot with BCH's new difficulty algo.
Sometimes BTC is up, sometimes BCH is
why the fuck are we still talking about this PnD coin?I shilled it last weekend to get you faggots to buy so i could dump my bags on you
why are we still talking about the #2 24hr volume, #3 market cap, coin?can't imagine anon
BCH shill threads are literally the worst on /biz/...