buy the dip edition
What dip?
We are going to 15k now
buy the dick edition
aaayeeee lets go already
but don't you remember all of the TA faggots spouting how it was gunna fall to 6k-7k?
Their Kumo clouds, fib lines, and triple head and shoulders under the feet back to the navel sequences aren't wrong anon.
Go ahead, draw some lines on your computer screen and you'll see...
LoL at that Lain faggot spouting bullshit about it going to 6kHe probably still claims he has a 100% accuracy rating.When will they learn that TA just helps with educated guesswork..
It's not a magical tool.
And the fact that a chart EITHER goes up or down makes it a bit easier to gamble and then later brag about your awesome TA skillzzz
It is still going to fall.
Patience and wait for the dip.
The dip coming later today will be much larger than what we're seeing now.
This is just the start of it.
Once it falls past the support line we built last night it will tank, then FOMO recover quicklyLove,Lain
yeah guys, TA is shit don't use it.
buy now and go all in.
I created one of the biggest threads hours ago about it and have been pretty much spot on the entire way using meme lines
yo are you part of any discords?
is there a way to reach you or a place where you're more active?
You have to promise to not ever post ever again and an hero if you're wrong.
Fucking faggot you've been wrong about everything you suck ass.Love, Anon
Let me guess?Your girl got BLACKED recently?
And they made you watch?
made
WOAAH!
Such a burn.
You must be proud.
Impressive; I guess that guy feels terrible nowAnyone could spot that liftoff from miles away.
Hell I did even hours ahead of time, and I only look into TA from time to time to spot easy signals.
don't tell me you bought after the pump...anon...i
That's fine.
I trust what I do.I'm more of an IRC oldfag myself, but you can follow me on Twitter @CryptoLain, where I post a lot of charts and such.
TA doesn't work> TA MADE IT SO OBVIOUS, I EVEN USED ITkek.
good job.
I never said it doesn't work.
Check my first comment.
It's a tool that helps with decision-making.
Not a tool that should fully control your decisions.
Is it stupid to get in now?
I think it'll dip to around 10300.But who knows, decide for yourself
lol I have made 2 grand with this in the 24h
Okay, this should about be it.
It will push towards the ATH, either touching it or just barely passing it, but not be able to HODL it.
This will cause the 30 min stoch RSI to cross downwards and pass under again.
Unable to told the current level after a second attempt, it will dip down again, this time much larger than before where it was saved by the previous support line.I expect it to take a large dip, recover some, then dip more where it will bottom out and recover quickly.Love,Lain
It very briefly dipped below 10k earlier today already.
what the fuck i went to sleep when it was hovering around 9200, what happened?i wish i bought more SHIT
any entry below $1 is fabulous.
this is a long term hold.
Oh really?
It will dip after hitting a sell wall?
That's weird, never seen that before......It will not dip as much as you think though, that's where we disagree
Let's go for that 5$ baby
Rogal Dorn is fortifying this position.
I'm buying back at 85k
Dumped at 9k :c
The best part is when this dips below where you thought it should you'll go into full pajeet mode and claim that it was all luck and bullshit and how where you thought it should go was the best and you're always right.
^^
It's a 50/50 guess from both sides.I will actually admit defeat if it goes under 8k and bow down to the TA overlords, but that won't happen, and you know it.
I was just about to say this.
And that other fucker Merk or whatever.
Talking about 100% that his head and shoulders bullshit was about to drop the price and telling everyone to sell and buy back at 7k HAHAHAHA that bitch went straight up when he said that and never looked back.
get ready for dump, I just bought 300 of these babies at 11k
The angel is here!
Hold the line brothers!For the emperor!
For Sanguinius!
HOLD!
HOLD!HOLD!
Your impatience will cost you a lower buy back price, Anon.
You see the immediate future but do not look at what the result will be.
This is why you are cucked.Love,Lain
If I knew it wouldn't I just buy at the price you mentioned?
^^ Don't be a silly goose.
That being said I don't really see k (yet anyway...) nor was I even thinking about it.
Currently looking in the mid 8s, but we'll just see as time comes on.
I really really can't wait for you to never show your lying bullshitting ta touting posts around here again.
lambolain.. more like lamboLAME
You guys see that whale propping up the price, always removes when it comes close.
He's selling his stash at a higher price, then will remove the walls
Just wait.
This is what is going to happen:
eoy predictions?
yeah noticed too did that a lot
ALL TIME HIGH??
If you're still in and want to sell for max immediate profit, right now or just a bit past this price (if it makes it there) is the time to sell.Love,Lain
There it goes
OOOOOOOOO
me tooi can guess ur ethnicity
Here we go.
My guess: down to 9-8,8k and then quick correction to 9,3k
This coin should drop to at least 8500 sats otherwise once it does drop it will be brutal
are you a pasty 130lbs white boi?
Yup, here we go.
When on a downtrend, the inverse head and shoulders is bullish, but when on an uptrend it becomes bearish.
Prepare to bow to Lain
how did this fag call it with meme ta?
https://www.tradingview.com/chart/POWRBTC/SZJmvGy5-Power-Ledger-about-to-fly/
kek.
the wojack's from the holders will be glorious.
I posted a similar thing to that here yesterday.
In that exact pic it was on the verge of a kumo breakout on the 30min candles.
There were also a variety of other indicators indicating it was time to GOGOGOGOGO
You completely disregard the incredible amount of volume increase over the last few hours
I just sold at 11200, counting on that drop
lain I've been following your advice since you popped up, thanks for making my first moon mission so smooth.Love, Woton Jack
What would be a good time to exit this coin?
The whale is what gave bulls confidence, and you could guess which sell orders were his.
He's out now, and you should pay attention to where he places his new buy walls.
I saw his walls start up from 12btc, and then as the 20k sells filled, his wall went up in proportion till it got to 33btc.
Yeah this kid doesn't know shit and it's obvious
Prepare your wojacks hodlers
welcome to the better part of the top 100, enjoy normies discovering this coin.Woton Jack
There's quite a few whales competing with each other here I think.
Even OMG didn't have this much volume back in the summer.
Gonna hit my bed soon but want to set a buy order relatively low that will fill tonight.
what price should I set it.
Yeah thanks to Lain I made 2k today
Tiered buy orders.
8.5k is pretty safe.
7.3k if you're willing to risk it not getting filled.
always trust weebs I've found.Woton Jack
$1.
You're right, I don't know shit.
But I still went all in on 3200.
Then went back in right after PBC dump.Didn't need external signals for that.We'll see
neither of those would've filled hours ago when it pushed past 10k you're deluded
8.5k ath>its gonna correct to 6k you retardsWill these fags ever profit?
Is it almost time to buy the dip?
ABORT ABORT
I'd wait another couple ours hour s to sleep.
This dip won't take very long.
I'd set at 8500 to play it safe.Here is a chart of how I predict this to play out.
...TA
tfw just sold at the top of the curve
Will no shit lol.
That's when we were in mega bull mode.
He's asking where to buy for a correction... as in the future...
no one said 8.5k was going to be the ATH
*crystal ball* it floors when the head of the lion meets the fox.
well then buy now, no one's telling you what to do with your money.
chart
4508757Thanks for advice.Yeah I really want to watch the chart a little longer.
we are gonna hit $1 within the next hour or 2
That last dip was spoopy.
We coming back now tho.
I REFUSE TO SELL, CUNTS
what graphs are you using, it looks better then coinigy.
If you're wondering where the hell those numbers came from from me they're just the slow EMA for the 1 and 2 hour charts respectively.
Nothing too crazy.
So how much you holding?
Only 900 here
11K Stabilization incoming.Get in now or stay poor.
lian can you please draw better charts because I can't understand what the fuck is going on.
Arrows and labels maybe?
I see no head and shoulders here.
had 680 sold all waiting for a nice dip to get more and hold fast
I sold 4200 at 12k.
Should I get back in?
Guys, the whale is slowly cashing out over 90 cents.
ask yourselves why he's doing that
Tradingview set in dark mode.
no, wait a few hours
meself has not the answer care to explain?
pffft.
He knows that we know that hes selling over .9 he wants us to fomo the dip he's creating so he can buy up cheap powr at $0.90 before it rockets.
4508960Do NOT wait a couple of hours.
Yes buy anything under 11.5
You can edit your Coinigy scheme a bitPic related
Buy at the ATH
muh 4d chess.
he's propping up the price to sell his bags, then of course he'll be waiting there at the bottom to catch the dip.
question is where will it dip to.
But what if it is the bottom for the next 24h because its only rising?Wow mind=blown
Yesterday a few people were acting like we were linkies, as if it was going to stay the ATH.
Good luck with that.
Noon of the final timeframe5 minutes remain
10x+ alreadyand people ask where are the new moon missions?
.50
You'll be the linkies when the market gets bored of this coin.
Who the hell knows when that'll be.I'm talking weeks / months down the line.
Not necessarily at your buy in price, and I'm not saying it won't recover, but every coin goes parabolic eventually.
Better hope this is your OMG before it does.
Should i be cashing out at this point?
Or maybe half?
Then set a buy order at like 9.5k sats or so?
What to do niknoks?
Personally, I would cash out immediately and buy the dip per my chart I posted
i cashed out 200powrs at like 8k and i regret it
Once it gets to a dollar I'm probably selling 200.
POWR is approaching 20% of my portfolio.
Thanks.
Will sell some just to be sure.
Better be safe than sorry.
Already got a nice profit
Im only holding 600 but I bought in when it was only 8c so I've made like 800% profit or something fucking crazy like that>mfw
What are you thinking for a price to get back in?8500, 9500?
Cash out and keep an eye on the sell walls should it pump towards the moon (very unlikely that it will)
k is the new resistance, good luck with that
Somewhere in the 7500k to 8500k sat range, if you want to play it safe and don't feel you can accurately read the TA signs while its dipping
that's delusional
Fun fact, every time it reached a new ATH over the last 12h the previous ATH became the resistancego fuck yourself, if this goes sideways again it proves it
yeah and a green candle popped up and the price is zooming up.
go fuck yourself and stop posting lame lain.
I made 1000% profits on this coin I bought at pre-sale, I totally forgot about it and now I am thousands of dollarskek
oh no.
powr is such a super cool awesome coin with great fundamentals and government backing that it'll never go down!>TA doesn't work>Picks a specific range as a resistancekek.
People have been talking about a 'MASSIVE CORRECTION' on here since 5-6k.
They are stil poor.
Dont listen to the retards.
Look at the chart
The longer it take the more savage it'll be.
>sell at a loss>half a minute later price pumpsEVERYFUCKINGTIMEI CAN'T MAKE A SINGLE GOOD DECISION TODAY IT'S LIKE THE FUCKING WORLD DOESNT WANT ME TO BE HAPPY
% agree.
I'm confident I bought early enough that I'll still be in the black after a breakout and crash.
now dump already you fuck.
I want to buy in
r-right guys?
Aw poor linky dink missed another opportunity to not be a fucking moron and actually make money
yeah looks like 10k will be the new floor boysits not the best but what else are you gonna do?
watch this motherfucker fly into outer space from the sidelines?
Ugh, looks like another couple green dojis first then
Where you at lame lain?!
C'mon show your fucking post you piece of shit, TA using, wanna be pro trader?Glad I held and don't listen to faggots with a ~100%~ trade success record!
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
I fucking can't wait.
Gonna buy so hard in that low.
Everyone who's going to rush to buy in the dip is going to get burned.
Slow down, bro.
Instead of trying to jump over the waves, surf them down and you'll end up on top instead of drowning.
you sound like a man who missed out on bitcoin at 1k bc you waited for the massive correction
Don't get emotional, don't sell at a loss.
Why sell at a loss if you can just hodl instead.
Either sell at a profit and buy back in at a dip or hold until you can.
AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH LAME LAIN BTFO>j-just a little longer guys really!I really hope you're right, it would be nice to see someone trying to make a name for themselves be right once instead of having to delete it the day after they made because they're actually retarded.
If you're so confident why don't you max out your credit and buy at the top now and post proof.
what the fuck are these meaningless platitudes fuck off faggot
Lain lost me one POWR!!
hold shares of Enron>STILL ISNT A LOSS
Sell the Crash.
Power Pump over.
BCH next.
FYI.
Ah, it seems that I have to speak retard.
Very well.
Basically, it means HODL.But, you know, you'd probably be better off trading some more so the whales can take your money off your hands and actually do something productive with it.
Same thing for sure...
Okay, gonna buy in the next dip to get more coins and fuck it for today
So I wasn't around back then, but if you look at the charts it actually was bullish on the 1D candles indicating it was time to BUY BUY BUY (around the last time it was in that range)I'd like to think I would have bought it then, but who knows.
They keep forgetting this isn't a pumpindump.
This is an strong coin picking up international real world support left and right and tons of purple are in for the long haul.
A whale did a 20btc dump only 2 hours ago and all it did was set a new floor.
Because no matter how confident I am, there is always risk.
I play poker, just because I'm confident my AA will hold all-in preflop, does not mean I'm willing to put my entire roll on that bet.
You have to think in equity, what are the chances that X will do Y?
Oh, 80% of the time?
Bet on it.
Theoretically I'll win 80% of what is to be won, but that's over many many samples.
You could lose 10 times in a row as a favorite, however I digress..
I bought at 3.5k sats..
I've been advocating a "buy low, hold long, sell high" strat forever.
People like lame lain want to sell at everything they think is a peak, and try and get in on dips they hope will happen.
They are gamblers.
Goddammit Anon is impatient.
Take a look at this chart tomorrow night while looking at the POWR chart and then tell me TA doesn't work.Also, I'm predicting the second dip later based on the mid term stoch RSIs.
Even after this dip, it will still be oversold in the mid term and heading towards peak and crossover.
When that happens, a second dip will occur, but after that, the coin will no longer be oversold and free to moon for a bit.Note, that this chart is not exactly accurate on timeframe and I expect dip num two to happen tomorrow evening (Central time), based on the stoch readings.
No dude.
Max out your credit card.
You're probably right and called all the shots.You can just pay off losses with your 3.5k stash... right?
Come on, just do it.
It's easy to tell people to BUY BUY BUY at the ATH when you're up a few hundred percent.
Been 30 mins since that 5 min post.
What's happening lame lain?!
Retracing your lines?!
AHAHAHAHAHA
This coin came out last week, and it's already #25 on coinmarketcap.
Meanwhile, the roadmap shows they won't have a usuable product until 2019.
Sell now, unless you are itching to post your pink wojack collection.
you're an idiot.
Why would I gamble?
I'm not telling people to buy, I'm telling them not to play the SELL EVERY PEAK BUY EVERY DIP game.
I already said I've been advocating BUY LOW HOLD AND SELL HIGH.
You obviously aren't reading my posts and are probably just mad you're listening to lame lain.
Why would people sell this coin tomorrow though?
You're just relying on people being afraid it's going to dip because muh TA
but they're coin is super awesome with great fundaments and news and milfs!
It'll never go down ^^
The 30 min stoch rsi touched the line but failed to crossover.
It should after this 30 min timeframe ends and either start the next 30 min timeframe (17 mins from now) or the one after (about 45 mins from now).
What happened to 5 mins?!
What happened to a few hours?
Get real dude, you got an image from the other day and drew some fucking lines on it and try and praise TA.
You're going to get people in trouble with your gambling and you should be ashamed.
Why are you even still posting?
You're obviously wrong and keep moving goalposts.
LAME LAIN
plays pokers>has a hate boner for gamblingkek.
you've been telling people 11k the ~new floor~ and to BUY BUY BUY
Great project but still too early for the market.
Because it's the only non shitcoin around right now it's oversold.
Be careful snobs.
Don't get greedy and take your profits when it goes below 0.000105.> sold too soon pajeetI'm still hodling
DUDE LOOK AT THE LINES I DREW IT HAS TO IT JUST.....
I have not, look at all of my posts and please please please quote me one where I say 11k is the new floor.
I'll wait.
Yes I hate gambling, I opportunities to buy equity for cheap.
Which is how you play poker..
One of these posters is not like the other, one of these posters wants to sell.
4509645Also where I said for anyone to buy right now.
Please please please.
I never did.
They should've bought at 3k sats... Now is not a bad time to buy if THEY ARE PREPARED TO HOLD for a while..but please, show me the posts where I said to buy or where I said 11k is new floor.
Man I bet those people who sold NEO at 0.012-0.014 sure are sad now!
I'm sorry you're so angry Anon.
Have you ever been on /pol/?
I think they'd love to have you there.
wut?
Nope, /b/ for several years growing up then came to /biz/ when the board opened up.
Go ahead, shift the light on me faggot, you're still Lame Lain.
Go on, tell us how GUYS IN JUST A WEEK IT:LL DIP REALLY HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHow's that TA working Lame Lain?
Totally Assuming that a huge dip just has to come because of some lines you traced on your computer HAAHAHAHHA
that natural growthI wonder which discord group is doing this so they can dump
wheres the fucking dip
guys!
Just... MUH TA THOUGH!
HAHAHAHA
people selling at 249 and buying at 243Dip is close anon
you're a fucking idiot and you disgust me
4507742Where ya at Lame Lain?
Delete your twitter yet?
HAHAHAHAHA
FUCKING FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK I BOUGHT 1200 AND SET A SELL ORDER AT 9700 THINKING IT WAS CRAZY HIGH AND FORGOT ABOUT IT.
I WAS JUST CHECKING MY GAINZ AND REALIZED I SOLD LOWCUT MY LIFE INTO PIECES
new ath just setman, you are the best contributor to /biz/ ever.
Thanks for making several anons poorer with your contributions AHAHAHAHAHAHA
Okay, this should about be it.
It will push towards the ATH, either touching it or just barely passing it, but not be able to HODL it.
This will cause the 30 min stoch RSI to cross downwards and pass under again.
Unable to told the current level after a second attempt, it will dip down again, this time much larger than before where it was saved by the previous support line.>I expect it to take a large dip, recover some, then dip more where it will bottom out and recover quickly.My prediction is still spot on as of now.
It's doing what I said, push to the top, either touch it or just pass it, then dip, recover slightly, then dip more.
I was off by one hour (I'm not a god, my man), but wait and see, Anon.
Oh lol some more natural growth.Who willingly buys at ATH price, seriously guys.
hows that dip?
spot on predictionsYou predicted a dip three hours ago
IT'S ALMOST AT THE ATH WHERE IS THE DIIIIIIIP
Where you at faggot?!
Sitting there using your tears as lube to jerk off Lame Lain?!
People that are just realizing this is going 2$+ and has an actual team an project behind it.Won't get over 1bn market cap, but still.. some nice gains mane.
continually moving goalposts>look guys I'm still right!!
!hahahahahahahahahaha LAME LAIN
1 DOLLAR HERE WE COME
Namefagging as god never works
welp I'm fucking killing myself, I sold at 241k and it's 255k now
I only moved it once.
I was off by an hour.
Deal with it.
Watch what happens in the next timeframe.
No, you've moved it twice and left yourself an option for a 3rd time in one of those posts.
It's dropping as I type right now so I hope you're right for those anons you've conned so far.. but as of right now.. HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA LAAAAAAAAAAME LAAAAAAAINNN
Okay, so here's the same chart again for immediate reference.
Expect a dip to mid trend, then recover to one of the upper trends or perhaps slightly over, then larger dip down before returning to the channel and stabilizing.
This is a joke right?
nah dude, look at the lines he came up with.
It has to track and follow them... PPFFFFTT AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
I missed the dipbring back a moonrock for me plz
dont worry anon, according to Lame Lain the real dip has yet to start.
Look at his all knowing lines, it'll be down to atleast 8k sats soon for you to buy in..
People who namefag as god never seem to understand
It may be happening for you Lame Lain!
I hope so for those poor anons who were getting wrekt..
4509960You wanted a dip, right
HOW LOW WILL IT GET????
k walls k wallsheyyyyyyyyy here comes the DIPPERONIHow high will it go after this?
Is this lisk style bag collecting?
TIME TO DUMP THIS PUMP
If you didn't get in this dip, you are literally a beta faggot who will die alone.
I'll look down at you from Neptune if I'm feeling generous.
hmmm, yes, I'm content with my purchase
holy shit falling hard
goodi am gonna wait a bit more
ZOMG GET OUT WHILE YOU CAN
lol in your dreams faggot
Don't you remember to buy the dip?
Some of you cannot be helped.
4510214>Drops from 11800 to 11000 after a pump>See I was right, spot on predictions, told you it was gonna dip.You changed goalpost from last thread to this thread, remember?
Both amount of max dip and timeframe.If your TA works after all I'll worship you, but you know you're just stumbling in the dark as much as the rest of us.
I told all of you faggots, 11k is the new floorEither get in or FOMO when this coin starts pushing 2$
I don't like seeing lain fight lain.
:(
he bought at 17kthanks for buying my bags son
I bought at 6.5k but nice try #hodl
top kek.
he thinks just because it's done this twice in the past it'll do it again.
except this time the bounce made a new ath, and didn't get stopped at the old one.
This ~indicates~ a movement upwards.I don't believe or listen to any total assumptions (TA), however if thats the game hes playing, hes playing it wrong...
PLS HAVE MERCY LET THE DIP END
Ok I'm closing binance right now and just gonna play some video games.
I've been watching the charts for 12 straight hours since I woke up and only lost 150 PWR by doing that instead of just holding.Fuck trying to play the market.
Just buy and hold.
Buy and hold.
THROUGH THE FLOOR IT GOES
i guess this is the dip, time to buy?
turn off your monitor and go away for a day or two, come back and get a boner.solid.
Buy low, hold long, sell high.
These people chasing every peak and every valley will end up with no gains, but a lot of action...
It's looking pretty stableguys, this coin is a fucking winnerliterally the perfect storm condition type shitI regret selling 200 of it @8k...
I know it is I want a nice dip to hop back in the rocket
Where is the next dip?
I have $918 to blow.
Very risky considering how stable it's been...
That feel when people don't understand every dip will be instantly bought, because there is so much volume and new players coming FOMO in to buy at below 2$, that it won't stop being rebought.I love you TA guys, but use logic here.
A lot of people actually came in to buy now, just because of the product itself.
It will dip again, but there's too much going on for TA right now.
16000 @ 10850.
Bad choice?
Yeah I cant do that shit either.
Ive lost 100some as well.
Im still up 300% though.
Loving these gains
The dip is already over lmfao
next dip>next
sold at x10 profitI got burned in LINK with the hodl meme, not doing it againoff to the next moon mission
LOL RIP INCOMING DIP
you fucked up
"Many companies do ICO's with concepts when they haven't actually developed the platform, where we have a platform with real-life applications.
"This is a quote from the stupid Jew bitch in OP's post.She literally didn't even specify that they have actually developed anything.
All she said is that it has real world application.She implies that they have developed something, concealing the fact that they don't have anything but an idea.
Which is literally all the companies that she was describing in the first sentence.This will go no where you morons.
didnt want to push my luck, bought 705 little under 10,8k, gained 25 POWR in the process
at this point, its only going up.
get more if you can
This FUD again?
do the Costanza method.
If every choice you make goes wrong, do the opposite of every impulse you have and You will be a new man this time next month
I grabbed 8000 more at 10950
i fucked up by cashing out my x10 gains?
doubled my powr since last night on all these dips, im ready
bought 5 BTCsold 4/5 for 45 BTC ( $ 16706250)>you fucked up
could have been 20x, not to late to get back in
Link was always a shit coin though, of course hodling doesn't work for shit coins.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gFmKlkhoOXY
hey fellow powerrangers,awesome gains today.do any of you guys know how to mine POWR?I have never mined before and i can't find anything about mining POWR.
damn you made 16.7m?why is my life a joke
show me the carfax you fucking larper
FUUUUCK I WANT THOSE NUMBERS
goodnight fellow moonwalkers, cya at 1.5$
All In.This is the project we’ve all been wet dreaming for.It is going to make OMG market cap look like a tater.
can't listen to anyone who talks like "stupid jew bitch"
or it could have been x5it's a gamble at this pointI'm lucky enough that I got in at pre-sale no need to risk it
Its a token anon you don't mine it.
are you a burger to be this bad at maths?
welp have fun with your moon lambo faggot, i really hope you buy at least one
c'mon dip already, wanna buy them cheap powrzzz
do any of you guys know how to mine POWR?buy solar panels in Western Australia
in a decade maybe, there is a lot of money to be made in crypto
yes, i failed algebra and geometry
you missed it, it fell at 10750 now its stable, highly doubt it will dip much more
and hire some /k/ommandos for the emus
I know if I'm buying now it will dip yaaaaaaaaaa
Next jump up will push the ATHgood luck fomo boy
Not an argument
it actually moons right after you posted
I've literally been calling this coin for the past 18 hours and i've been right almost 98% of the timeget on my level kids
/k/Always ready for hire

did you know... that if no ones sells... wait for it... the price goes up!!!
doesn't even matter if they dothis shit has been almost perfectly correcting for the past 18 hoursmy dick is rock hard
alright, I sold the tip, when do I rebuy?
if it keeps going like it has its gonna be a while
small dip get in the rocket before it gets off
Right now
Literally the best coin since ethereum, and you actually realize to hodl POWR.
This one will go high and fast.
The only ones selling are idiots and people trying to buy back in at a lower priced.
They will both be burned.
I have 800 to invest right now I have no other investments should I go all in on POWR
either right now or the next time it drops a considerable amount.
It'll probaably never go that far under 11k.
we're playing the same game friend, some of us just need to increase their stack by swinging
KEGELS GUY HERE..............EVERYONE MAKE SURE TO DO YOUR KEGS'.
REPS OF 20 GO..........GOOD, NOW HERE'S TOWL.
QUESTION, HOW HIGH CAN THIS THING GO?
REALISTICALLY BRUHZ?
((((((THROW))))))))))
If you are trying to time this coin right now and scalp you are going to get linked.
HODL.
This is your chance to get OMG at $1.
Antshares at $3.
Monero at $30.
no bulli I just try to get more stock before the great departure
EOY predictions?
Don't be greedy, or rather do be greedy, and sell before the dip gets cereal.
.25$
I'm predicting $3 on the low end, $5 on the high end.
heres the dip guys
No one wants to buy this obvious top.
It's literally oversold right now.
If you were too beta to buy in before, satoshi himself just handed you a gift.
Don't fuck it up.
Please dip.
I missed my chance to buy back in.
OMGOMGOMGOMGO BIG HEAD AND SHJU)DOIHhnu9aiAIOW=pdrihjqDOQW*;DLQWÜselllsllelselll
I have two questions both of which were completely ignored on the official Telegram.1) The Aus Government locked the value of 1 POWR to $1 AUD.
How does this fit into it?2) Jemma (The CEO) works for the Australian Government as a Mayor for Perth.
How is this not a conflict of interest?
Is this legal?
Does this mean when she/POWR appear as a larger blip on the Government's radar they'll shut her down?Thanks.
This is the last dip before it goes over $1
you guys are smoking crack.
Unless they come out with anymore ground breaking news, it'll be $1.25 tops EOY.
The radical gains right now are from huge news and hype.
Nice FUD you've got there.
It'd be a shame if someone pointed out that #1 has no source and #2 is just mudslinging F U D that is actually a benefit for the price of this.
more hype and more news is coming
you guys have been saying this like 10 times in the last 8 hours
1) The Aus Government locked the value of 1 POWR to $1 AUD.
How does this fit into it?Link to number one?
what is OMG
please let this dip stop
Hurry up and sell weak hander.
You don't deserve this.
I'm hodl to the bitter end of this but these dips spoop me.
that being said I also only started trading crypto 4 days ago and bought in to power at $0.32
Wrong.
Sparkz is 0.1 AUD But you buy Sparkz with the monetary value of POWR on time of purchase
GIVE ME A DIP SO I CAN BUY IT ALL CRYPTO GODS!
it will eventually go 5$.
if pajeets hold (they dont have the nerves though, like 75% of people reading this), its eoy.
q2 2018 for sure anyway.
most legit altcoin out there, dont even compare this to link... it can go to ethereum level of profit.
hold the shit
YES DIP MORE
Great.
I'll hodl alongside you anyday anon.
Im going to try shouting at the priceGO HIGHER!!!!!!11111!!!!!^^!!
The delusion is strong in this thread.Look at the roadmap on the PowerLedger website.
This token will be totally useless for the entirety of 2018.
Look at how big the marketcap is already.
The price is going drop 75% in the meantime while everyone cashes out to chase other pumps like BCH or whatever the flavor of the week is.
So I tried to buy POWR with ETH but the Binance order has been stuck since yesterday.What do?
cool FUD you got there
WHY IS CRYPTO SO SPOOPY
FUD your mother if you want to FUD
its hyped but 10k-11k is holding.
its a fucking hold signal.when all pajeets will sell at 11k and earn their 20$, it will skyrocket because everybody is hodling
walls are down let's go go go go go
Lain again.
I took some time to re-run my calculations and go through my indicators again and figured out why my timing was off (ancient Chinese secrets).Here is an updated chart.
This is obviously not surefire, but from all my TA, including indicators and various equations, it should play out somewhat like this.
100% please do not share outside of /biz/.Love,Lain
The best traders are alpha.
You need it to be scary to shake out the betas.
If you're somewhere in the middle, the best you can do is find a coin you have confidence in.
This one is an amazing concept and will be huge one way or another.
More than any other coin since Bitcoin.
If you don't believe that, you should probably sell.
I think exactly this.
That's why I'm holding no matter what.
It's going to be fucking huge.
I'm just new to this and it's spoopy, doesn't help that my friend is constant trying to FUD this thing and insisting i'm gonna lose my ass.
How can it be FUD..?
I'm asking a question?
Anyway I've been invested into this since it was 40c and have never sold so I'm not trying to spread any FUD.Admittedly yeah it turns out the first thing I asked might have been a rumour.
Someone mentioned it on the Telegram yesterday but they might have made it up.So do you have an actual answer for the second question?
45112894511289Lets all Love Lain
Your lines make no sense.
Draw them correctly and you clearly see an uptrend.
More FUD from a Pajeet.
nice fud.
in 2 days you will comme with again some bullshit TA.
ta is good but not in this market right now.
according to your kind of ta bitcoin should have crashed and so ethereum
2 mins in paint using the line tool
I'm convinced that none of you faggots know anything about anything
you can't run from god
Sorry dude I got confused with Sparkz.
DISREGARD MY FUD.
But the second question still stands.
STOOOOOOOOOOOOPPPP
Nice just bought 100k
Calm down anon.
We just reached a double bottom(10500).
We moon now
I think I might take a small loss, think it's gonna dip to 9k
Single strangest Wokak I've ever seen
by the way im pretty confident that elon musk will deal with them somehow one day.
it could be a huge concept for his products and im sure he will consider if roadmap goes smoothly.
according to the deals with billion cap companies and gouv, its ok to bet on that
CLEARED FOR FLIGHT
Still 100% accuracy on predictions r-right?
We will touch 8k and then 7k, as seen:
newfag
its stabilizing on 10k-11k.
its talking time clé pajeets are buying and selling like retards.
do you think they know that if they hold and stop selling the prive will go up?
The meme lines on this chart.
Is Lain's TA a meme?
HAHAHAHAHHAH THESE MEME LINES ARE GETTING OUT OF CONTROL
I MEAN 3 LINES LOOK 3 lines
I figured out where I had made the mistake in TA and corrected it.
After this dip is over, compare the chart I just posted to the actual flight path and then tell me that.
stop TA.
why TA was saying about btc, eth, ltc?
yes TA was saying a big crash will happen.
but crypto are not only speculation guys, they provider real techs
man nooooooo noo all stupide crypto trading nubs make lines and its evertime the same LOOOOOOOOK LINES LINES
Exactly.
The guy who said this about doge in another thread nailed it, "crypto is a meme.
there is no adoption, there is only fuckery"
I'm starting to think lain is spouting bullshit to make an extra 1% off the dips... it's not going anywhere anytime soon rofl it's recharging right now and is completely in line with what has been happening
Only starting to think it?
It's been obvious from the start
just did some TA guys ITS NOT LOOKING GOOD SELL SELL SELL
yes, but only if you're not afraid of hodling for 3 months
no lol
Humorously enough, expecting a moderate BTC dip ($7250 or so) tonight too
Humorously enough, expecting a moderate BTC dip ($7250 or so) tonight too so funny I forgot to laugh collective consciousness defies your crayon box
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHODL
Everybody follow this chart.
We can make our crypto picks do what we want them to do.
We don't need Teeka.
We need a blue dot!
We've got the POWR!
Link for chart http://gcpdot.com/
4511732I WARNED YOU!
just hodl, not that hard to understand...
Right?
People acting like it is the same as the POT coin dump.
Please, do not HODL.
My chart was off by a bit but the one I posted just now is not.
Wait and see.Love,Lain
Yeah shits going down to 8k, get out
you really think it goes to 8k?i need to go to sleep and don't want to set my buy order too low
Hedge at set at 9
It's going to 8k, then recover, then 7k, then recover to 8500, then sideways, then resume moon
Your TA is absolute TRASH
Went close to 10k and bounced almost instantly back to 10.3k.
15K in 2 hours screencap this
Okay, now that we hit the green support line a bit more sideways until 9750.
Once we hit that, sudden dip down to 8000
Nah its gonna keep going sideways until like ~9k imo and then rocket back to 11.5k then correct and slowly rise
maybe tomorrow but not in 2 hours
That dumped fast.
Dissapointed i didnt wait somre more to buy an even cheaper dip
The hype has died out, it'll take a lower price ~9k or more news to move the price up with any significance
Keep up the good work mate, don't let bag holders chimp out on you.