THIS IS NOT A DRILLSCREENSHOT LIVE FROM BITTREXMOON INCOMING
this wall has been on and off this whole day anon
dumbass that wall has been all day, they put it and take it down, that order will never ever fill.
Maybe they're just showing they're there and when its time they will buy at current prices for the moon mission
You realize that only happens if the price falls down by over 50% from its current low after the moon.. right?
Stay poor and delusional.
this, it's Roger and co. letting us know to keep faith that they will destroy core and restore Satoshi's Bitcoin
Wtf is a wall at .1 going to do?
Absolutely nothing.
I've been watching this shit for the past 12 hours.
When is something going to happen?
They're signalling what the price should be.
.1
i have my sell order at 0.3 and i go to bed now.
Reminder bch is now satoshis vision and they are fighting against the evil core imposters
you are literally retarded.
How do you even feed yourself.
reminder you're a: 1. n00b2.
a shill faggot!
3. actually retarded.
pick all that applies.
Kek
I'm not even that optimistic but I'm heading to bed now too.
Aiming for six hours hopefully.
4349057calm down pajeet, I'm sure core deposited the 100 sats into your shill account
Biz you are retarded if you fail to realize that Bitcoin Cash will suck Bitcoin into its anus while dabbing.
Shut the fuck up core are the real scammers how can you be so dumb AAAAAA
you don't need to go to bed faggot, it will never fill
shill>for bitcoinstay poor with your bags of bcrash, faggot
It's going to moon boys, get ready
At this point I just want it to move out off 0.19/0.20 stage.
ALL fucking day of this shit
I'm going to be offline when Koreans wake up - what should I set my sell order at?
It's 9:21 am, they are already up
.207
Spoiler alert: Koreans are already up.
google>time in korea>
READ THISits fucking easy forget miner shit, forget korean pumpin (well koreans not entirely)Lots of people want to invest in bch and are scared.
If this shit shows the slightest sign of going up people will invest a lot of money.
Even if this is not enough to pump the coin at that time, it will at least get you to the point of getting your money back.
(If you simply bought the low)Like that its a great chance to moon to absolutely almost no risk.
Everyone who dont use this insane chance should leave crypto now because you will never make it
Thinking the whales at Korean exchanges are actually Koreans
Yeah, I did that after the post.
I'm sure there are some lazy bastards though that are still asleep
this is correct.
As soon as the big boys pump this it will be just like Saturday again.
One thing that is a constant in crypto is that people always fear missing out.
>Support at 50% of the current price.Congrats on this.
Just set it high enough to get out even or with a slight profit and get the fuck out.
yeah what I saw saturday night was unlike anything I'd ever seen.
the sort of black swan event like trump's electionthe billions that poured into this coin so quickly say it all imo - the market is hungry to replace bitcoin with something better and will fomo like crazy if this starts going up
thinking the chinks are actually going to sleep through this fiascoset your sell order at .0001, faggot
that's a pink wojak trying to stop the price from dropping, not a moon
The bitcoin Cash flippening is really just a way to prime the normies for the real flippening.
The day when LINK will finally replace BTC
Too many bagholders, they will dump as soon as it goes above $1400.
This shit is in limbo
There has been multiple 20% swings today, if you haven’t been profiting off those you’re a terrible trader.
I'm too scared of losing more than I already have.
I would stay out of bcc for now to be honest.
There are too many bagholders between .2 and .3.. that’s why the palm beach buy order didn’t Moon like people thought it would.If you’re bagholding above .3 best of luck.
You guys know that?I found a cool coin group.They gave me the signal before the BCH, DASH coin rises.
(I've tripled my money)I am making enough money now and I am going to make more money in the future.I would like to share this opportunity with some of you who have seen my writing.The address is t.me/DvaPump.Take the opportunity of your life not to be twice again.
If you’re bagholding above .3 best of luck.yes
This is it, trashers.If it doesn't bounce soon, then you're fucked.
The simple fact is that BCH is still more profitable to mine even at this shitty price, and will continue to be for the foreseeable future.
The BTC network will become unusably congested again pretty soon as more miners switch over, causing BTC to dump and BCH to pump.
It's inevitable.
The Indians are awake
muh flippening>it's the floppeningmuh cashening>it's crasheningdeluded bcrash pajeets
>there are people who actually bought at 0.3+>those same people thought it would continue to moon after already going up 200+%now all you retards have to do is sell low to complete the /biz/ cycle
If I don't sell I haven't actually lost money right.
no but your money is tied up until the next pump in who knows when, could be tomorrow, next week, or a month from now, or never like those digimarines.
I don't need the money (now), but if it never pumps enough to get out even again I'll be pretty upset.
If there was some guarantee it would do so in the next two years I'd have no problems closing my browser tab and forgetting about it.
I will sell you moon insurance.
If BCH doesn't moon in 2 years your policy will pay out.
I bought at 0.345 and it went down to 0.28 and then up to 0.42.
I watched as the price went down from 0.42 to 0.2, thinking the whole time that it will come back up.
Now I’m down around 50% of my total port folio.
Fuck Me Sideways.
How do I know I can trust you /biz/Send me some ETH dust and then ill believe ya.ETH0xE6fDcf5560864dac296C6E543f2BAb0E21F06Ae8Chat conversation end
you know that within two years it will for sure.
this isn't over.unfortunately this might might mean that segwit is back on the menu.
The bitcoin Cash flippening is really just a way to prime the normies for the real flippening.
The day when LINK will finally replace BTC*ZAP
you know that within two years it will for sure.
this isn't over.How do we know it won't be written off and die at 0.000001
The flippening will happenhttps://twitter.com/BITCOlNCASH/status/930196096042725376

You'll cave in and sell before it hits 0.1
the only thing that would kill crypto is a black swan event.
the only thing I can think of that would be akin to the MTGox event of 2014 would be if the fake tethers rumor is true
I'm not saying what if all crypto dies, I mean what if BCH specifically does, or rather, how do you know it won't?
where did that .1 buy wall go?
because it was written off from day 1 yet here we are.
when btc gets bigger blocks or solves their scaling problem then this coin can die, otherwise more attacks like this will continue
Literally who exchangeAwesome man.
I hear Bittylicious is gonna start trading *coin I want to pump* so you'd better get in on it
I don't, however that's also why I don't hold any long term.
I set my sell orders for 5-10% and if it moons past that so be it, I've made my profit and didn't get stuck bag holding.I also don't chase pumps after they go parabolic for a second time.
You wot m8.
Your update has kicked in and BTC is still more profitable, you do realize now after adjustin difficulty every block bcash price need to climb with btc price, otherways hashing power slowly goes to btc.
You do realize what would happen if someone dumped again like 2 days ago?
You are falling on the biggest scam of whole cryptohistory.
Its done by manipulating bitcoincopycat(bcash) markets.
BTC is far too big for manipulation, thats why jihan an co. created bcash in the firstplace.
Wake up, you got royally fucked.
Majority who bought bcash got fucked and cant profit anymore.
If you can still sell with a profit, you are the lucky one.
pump in 7 minutes
Bcashters are too deluded to even read this.
If they do read this they dont comprehend since they have allready bought in and natural defence mechanism is denial.
finally someone who isnt an idiot.
its all chinese moving money thru korea, its not actual koreans.
why would we bother reading your shareblue style shill FUD?
it's probably even more embarrassing than your other image slandering Roger with emotional attacks because he sold fireworks
i want what you're smoking mate.