I have spent all day figuring which coin will be Teeka's pick in the PBC report today.
I am not shilling SLR, nor am I fudding POWR.
This is ALL research I've dug up throughout the day, and spoke to multiple sources who have also done hard research.
You can see all screenshots in the attached image, and refer back to this section for each one.Powr just seems to be whale play now, as this pump is mostly FOMO.
The first objective was to hear from POWR directly, and if they had any proposition as to why it was pumping.
"Next month, I’ll find myself back in Lisbon, Portugal, attending Web Summit 2.0.
I’ll be meeting up with a former energy derivatives trader who has partnered with one of MIT’s leading minds on a solar blockchain project.
I’m looking forward to reporting back to you on that project."
-Teeka TiwariScreenshot 1: MIT.
Teeka himself stated it would be a MIT project.
Last I checked, SolarCoin is the only blockchain project MIT is working on.
Meagan, a verified member of the POWR team, directly refutes that their project has any connection to MIT.
Powr out of the question.Screenshot 2:Verified information that Solarcoin directly participates with big organizations like MIT and NASA.Screenshot 3&4: Nick Gogerty, the founder of Solarcoin, is also chief strategist on the Lykke team, who happen to be one of the exchanges Solarcoin is listed on.
In regards to derivatives experience, Gogerty is also a former analyst at Bridgewater Capital.
Rumors from other reddit posts have stated Teeka personally knows Gogerty and even advised him to stay lowkey regarding any type of visit.
Not convinced yet?
Ok.Screenshot 5&6:Notice a few days after the Zencash pick, Solarcoin's volume spiked from 50m volume to $4-$5 MILLION IN UNDER 24HRS?
Hmm, Teeka moving his funds in maybe?
Before that day, Solarcoin has hardly ever eclipsed $150k in volume in one day and it's been out for 4 YEARS.
Teeka > Low Profile Coins > Energy Pick.
Pretty coincidence.
Triptamine shut up
ALL IN SLR, THIS IS MY ZENCASH MOMENT.
OP I'LL GET YOU AN ASIAN GIRL IF THIS WORKS OUT.
Thanks just bought 100k
Nice post i will buy now i think its going to solar coin
pajeets, pajeets everywhere
nice research man, it actually adds up rofl
Its DNT
This coin fits Teekas BITS approach.
Very important.
Thanks guys!
EDIT EDIT EDIT, realized I mistyped $50k and put $50m instead LOL.
Volume went from $50k to $4-$5 million in 24 hrs.
Check CMC and you will see on October 21st.
OP this is actually good research.
You a real one.
God bless homie, hope you make many gains
Wow, these are actually some very good points, especially the suspiciously high volume on 21 Oct. Just bought 2k SLR, God speed anon.
I made better research,this is retard tier digging + i dont create shill breads
"I made a better post" - dude, do you want a cookie or something?
Nobody is forcing you to buy, lol.
This is awesome, just bought 1btc worth before tonight
Onieeeeechan, I also bought 100K desu.
I'll be having her tonight with some teeka masala.
Great points, just bought 9k.
Best of luck everyone
The volume went from 35btc to 110 already Even if PBC cancels this, i have stops in profit region
Great Stuff!
I bought at 70, looking good so far!
Pretty compelling stuff there - good work in pulling all that together!
Teeka's going to be pissed!
Good job man, i also think its gonna be slr... Nice chart today
im all in
Nice find OP thankssss
Looking good for me
you deserve losses if you follow these coordinated pajeets
Lemmie know how this is a pajeet homie.
I'll wait.
lol pbs issue november got released.It's fucking powerledger
Link?
Link?
It's a pdf file I paid 3k for itTake it or leave it
Lmfao aight man.
Im going SLR wish me luck
Luckily I grabbed solar a few weeks ago but it's looking a certainty it's the pick ....if this then this is 2$
also got some solar.
lets c
it's power ledger
Based on what?
So post the PDF you moron.
Looks like we are mooning!
Finally!
>So post the PDF you moron.send me $30 in ether.I pay 3k a year for palm beach
@iX754s8I I also have subscription.
There is no new issue you moron.
Good analysis however where is the part when Teeka says it's MIT?
Post proof that you have the legit pdf and I'll send you 0.1 ETH
lol....i'm a PBC subscriber, it's not out yet...not out till 5pm today stop trying to shit on peopleimagine how much better EVERYONE could do if we weren't trying to nig each other
4464443Thnks for being real fellas, you the best.
God bless
pm GMT?
The first screenshot is mine.Like a week ago I posted that on /biz/ titled "Make your own conclusion" and the POWR pajeets said "muh POWR is the next PBC pick" etc etcThese pajeets are so fucking dumb.
The CEO clearly denied their relations to MIT and her answer was crystal clear.I believe she reacted like that to avoid the possible rage from the pajeets when they discover that PBC doesn't pick POWR and the price takes a nose dip.I don't wish bad things for POWR and the CEO who's been working hard for it, but I do want to see POWR's price take a huge dump and these pajeets get rekt.
Why is SLR not on binance yet ;_;
might also attract people who missed the powr train.
you guys are stupid as fuck.
Even if SLR is ultra pajeet scammer's pick, it's still a shit coin.
POWR is going to take over regardless of what teeka says.Teeka is running a 90's style boiler room.
look up what that means you uneducated retarded faggots.
Kek i dont't give a fuck, i take a sweet x2 any day inb4 BUT MUH POWR BUT MUH TOKENS WHICH ARE 100% USELESS FOR 5 YEARS AND WILL BLEED OUT SLOW OVER NEXT MONTHS Slr is a VERY good pick
Hahahaha its none of those you faggots
Wow guys, this is a f***ing moon mission.
If it is the PBC pick we're all rich.
Here's to hoping friend
It's DOGE, like, for real.
Or is it?
Hey isnt that a bullflag.
Well im going in with a small stack and tight stops
You did research?
Find that hard to believe when looking at the coins you picked.
Lol I'm just grabbing this with some tight stops, literally no downside and potential easy moon if it hits pbcLike it's not that likely but even a 10% chance makes it a +ev move
WHERE ARE THE NON-BELIEVERS.
SHOW YOURSELVES/
i'd sell right now.
shits being pumped too much
Bro, it's going to pump until the Teeka pick.
Sell fucking half right now but hold the damn rest.
If its the pick you're fucking gold
5 HOURS until official PBC it out
When at like 4pm est?
supposed to be 5pm est
HERE IS MORE PROOF:https://imgur.com/a/2lrmX
not gonna lambo if you sell more - also done research thats points to slr - despite being PBC subscriber - just so I could get in before you jajeets
so slr it is?
This could be lowest dip before he calls it - buying that shit - do what you wish cucks
No one with actual money here cares about PBC and it's so-called "pick" though, so.... Watch POWR rise whether it is the pick or not, because it is a solid long term hodl.
risk reward should be ok. gl u guys
worth a gamble on a bit you dont mind losing reallylike betting a pussy bit on a football game, makes it more fun to watch
If you just take op research worth a small gamble - if you look deep and see op is on the ball - worth a decent gamble.
POWR doesn't add up to be the pick at all in my eyes.
Buy the dip - if SLR is the call - 2$ target pajeets - make sure you come back and thank op after, i sure as hell wouldnt share this shit with you
I would honestly buy the living hell out of anything between 91-93k sats right now.
There is no signs of slowing down until before the news is released.
This dip was profit takers, perfect time to buy more.
We dont care about these projects, pumps are only thing that matters.
slr is the coin , powr is token and it have big mcap already, dont match BITS system of teeka , and slr electricchain project is huge
Sorry i meant 9.2-9.3k sats, damn I keep fucking up my numbers today.
No one can stop you slr go to the sun
It's SLR, come on guys, crypto = ez money
Wow this is incredible, How did you know it was the pbc coin?
Thank you so much!!!!!!
I been sitting on 100k SLR dying to scalp some but can’t.I’m gonna sell half after pump, if it’s the pick.I’m keeping at least 10k long, if not more.I have spent 20+ hours researching SLR and electricchain.org and I’m convinced this is the most revolutionary, change driving tech since ETH.Tipping point in history may be today, kids.I know you’re all about pumps, but fucking try to save the goddam planet too for once.
This shit is real.
this.
cheers mate ;-)
They're probably both the pick.
Invest in solar power = invest in SLR + POWR.SLR PWRSOLAR POWER
When is that pajeet fuck posting his poo in the loo prophecy?
My moonsuit is hot and steamy as fuck.
I'm still confident that powr is gonna be the pbc pick.
Its gonna pump at least 1 more time short term.
He doesn't care.
He used to care, but now he has opened his PBC to unlimited subscribers he really doesn't care.
PBC or not this coin is flying!
Strong indicators of a run up to 90 to 95 cents right now, buy the dips now
His new subscribers don't know about the leaks from last month's newsletter before they were removed from the website.
Buying at anything under a 100 will be fine IF this is the pick.
I believe it is and I have invested heavily.
Just went all in , PB will choose power.
We are all going to be fucking rich TO THE MOOOOOOOOON BUY NOW OR LOOSE THE LAMBO
Very skeptical at first reading this, but cross referenced some of the information and it adds up.
Plus it's been seeing a steady rise, which, as we can all guess the investors who write the PBR are more than likely putting there own cash in right now.
The ElectriCChain is developing Solar Energy Blockchain-related projects (currently 12) under Observation of Business Partners such as GridSingularity / Ethereum, Chain of Things, IOTA, BitSeed and the MIT, NASA and IBM.
Specifically, a Blockchain-IOT Datalogger is being developed which will enable direct communication of solar power production Data to a unique Blockchain, the ElectriCChain for betterment of Global Climate monitoring and SolarCoin granting, hence incentivizing for further solar power worldwide and enabling the Energy Transition.http://www.electricchain.org/about/
you guys got me buying more fuck it - moon or doom
dunno if worth, but here is the list of domains that can join their slack, implying a connection... may the autism guide you, i'm too lazy
just have a look @http://www.electricchain.org/about/seems legit.
i mean solarcoin itself seems like worthless but it could gain some traction if ElectriCChain can pull that of.
at least good partners.
You forgot this in your research OP>http://dci.mit.edu/assets/papers/15.998_solar.pdf
You a real one.
God bless homie>t.
sub 80 iq Kang