I guess i rule the market... Whatever i buy is immediately go down and down and fucking down... and if i sell its allwasy go up...So if you buy something ask me before and i will tell you did i buy it...Im so fucking disappointed
You're just a teenager with literally zero patienceI bet you sell the instant you have a loss.
I bet you try to be an epic daytrader and do dozens of trades per day based on hilarious free TA indicators.
I bet you buy each Pajeet shillcoin that comes along.
You just buy the fucking dip
How patient do you mean ?
Shorted EOS and lost big time when it mooned.
Just fucking HODL and its easy money.
All the people who make 30k in a month have also lost big.
Buy Bitcoin and sell once it reaches 7k.
Thank you.
Also eth and sell once it reaches 350.
because you buy high and sell low
HOW DO I FUCKING AVOID THIS SHIT.IT'S NOT LIKE I'M TRYING TO LOOSE MONEY
unless something goes below your initial investment, selling at any price higher than that (enough to cover transaction costs etc plus net profit) is a profit.You don't "lose" anything if you bought low and sold high.
Buy big mcap coin and hold for 2 years.
If you really want to know, do your own research first, think about why a coin will moon instead of listening to bagholders and shills here who have their own agenda.Look at the market trends, identify patterns.
Sit back and think about your entry and exit points.Set a profit target, and stick to it.
If a coin is 1USD, and you buy it expecting it to go up, set a sell order at 1.5 or 2 USD.But also consider the very likely possibility the coin will drop in value as well, and set a stop-loss order (sell if it goes down to 0.90).Don't get greedy.
If you buy at 1, and sell at 2, but the price goes up to 2.5, you still made good gains.
Don't re-buy at 2.5 only to see it drop back to 1.And if you see a coin at 2, don't get FOMO and buy it high.
Bought POWR a few hours ago and already down 20%.Fuck you POWR pajeets for shilling me this coin so you can dump on me.
Should've bought HST instead.
FUCK YOU!!!
thanks einstein
You were incredibly late.
search for beginner tips on youtube, learn the basics of investment and play it by the book.take it slow
POWR will go up retards.
Nobody impatient will make it.
Thats why you dont buy on chartism only or on hype.
The project is the most legit one in crypto world except Ethereum maybe.
Even BTC is in war with BTC wannabes like LTC BTG BTH... POWR is a surefire coin, it will not go to 10k USD but it will definetely go to 5k.
Dont be like the pajeets who sold their BTC at 30$ with 200$ of profit.Be a millionaire => fucking hold.
>see ark is in a small dip>set a low buy order>dumps through it>set another low buy order>dumps through it>figure it will continue dumping like this and just exit with 5% profit>it's going up now.
I'll tell you the golden rule of cryptoThe only real longterm hodl is btc, you just go on alts and when you have more btc than what you invested, you sell itIf you buy alts thinking the price will rise faster than btc you are not made for the sweet gains
Can you read ?
I SHORTED EOS on Bitfinex with max.
Leverage just before it mooned.
are you from 2 months ago?