Why chainlink don‘t work:>loss of jobs, many would lose their jobs if automation happens and the big banks have legal contracts that tie them to the 3rd parties forever>the ERC20 token is useless because price is tied to ETH which can be crashed (means your money is gone)>the source data can still be tampered with when you attack the data BEFORE it hits the oracle so the whole contract already receives the fake data and kills the smart contract>smart contracts were labelled as Sci Fi fantasy in a study in 2008 by Dr. Anuz Braun and the MIT>its highly unlikely that the oracle problem was solved by stuttering potheads>at SIBOS they also show the „Sci Fi“ stuff and chainlink is actually a meme in the financial industry and they also show off these pretend projects>not enough approval by jewish communitys to ever jump to the chainlink system>big banks are tied to their contracts so banks don‘t would use 2 system but keep the current one (til contract ends (usually such contracts last up to 60 years))
>fud
Fud
Are you even trying?
4450339Its not, its called REALITY
fud
Check Linkedin you imbecile
F U DUD
Smart contracts are a meme, they will never work and this is why chainlink won‘t workIT JUST WONT WORK THEY PROOFD IT AT THE MIT!!!
GOOGLE WHAT THE MIT IS YOU IMBECILESDR ANUZ AND HIS TEAM CONCLUDED SMART CONTRACT TO BE IMPOSSIBLE BECAUSE DATA CAN BE TAMPERED WITH DURING ITS CREATION ITS A FUNDAMENTAL PARADOX THATS WHY ITS NOT POSSIBLE
Let me hold LINK you fucker.
What business do you have here, you cuck
Anuz Braun>Brown Anusright
Checked, your Dr Brown Anus doesn't exist.saged
this is some proper retard shityou can do better
Why do you care so much about the well-being of faceless people on an internet board?
Are you so kind-hearted?
Can someone please reward this gentleman with some LINK
that Linkie lies and delusionsHe is real, I read the pdf about smart contracts a couple of months ago.
Maybe your googlefu is too weak.You better sell lad
automation will never work because of the loss of jobs
No shit people will lose jobs.
That's how those organizations save money.
Adapt or die.They use a separate token precisely so it's price isn't tied to ETH.The data being fucked with before it hits the network isn't the fault or repsonsibility of chainlink.Who gives a shit about what some reandom faggot thinks?Ark doesn't have anything to do with oracles.Billion dollar organizations are hosting conferences to discuss pretend meme projects?Who gives a fuck about what the Jews think?Who the fuck signs a 60 year contract for technology that is rapidly becoming obsolete?
Low quality bait, but I'll respond in case some retard takes you seriously:>Many industries become automated and thousands of jobs are lost in the process, why wouldn't automation happen if billions of dollars could be saved?>They're working on making their own token like qtum recently did>A simple fix for this is to collect data from multiple sources>Why should we care what Dr. Brown Anus said almost ten years ago?>Stuttering pothead meme>Try having a stroke after you click the post button, not while you're typing it out>Dumb argument>The whole point of chainlink is to be compatable with legacy systems
Because I feel sorry for those who got scammed by a reckless Chad and his Autist Sergey.
no arguments on why smart contracts should even workAlso the LINK system can easily be scammed thats the oracle problem.>sell tampered data to oracle>make bank>flip money>they can‘t trace it back>endless money and endless fraudMan it even violates thermodynamics, people literally think that Chainlink is a perpadual mobile but its actually a rube goldburg machine.Anyway just wanted to warn the delusional bagholders that their „investment“ is a joke and a meme.
I hope some of you manage to wake up and sell and finally cut the losses and move on.
Show me his Linkedin profile bitchface.>b-but I read this pdf once 2 months ago I can't find it b-but IT'S TRUE ITS DA TROOF!!!
BLUMPF BTFO!!!
!Saged
Fuck off Rakesh, you're not buying these bags.
I post when I find it but its legit.Smart contracts are impossible, it was peer reviewed as well.
Not even Indian people would buy LINK, even a streetshitter can smell that scam.
Yeah I somehow doubt you know anything about anything.