So how is everyone's day going?
Comfy
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
>exited all positions before going to bed>wake up an hour before the alarm to see BCH at 2.7k>log in to poloniex and other crypto sites to watch that shit>dump to 1400 occurs>buy BCH with 60% of my money at 1400, sell it 2 minutes later at 1930>tfw I am sure that I would not have made more if I stayed awake the whole night>Sunday begins quite good
Was bad, now I'm laughing like a madman
>bought 3/4 into the pump>ride the dump down and sold where I boughtCould be worse
Bought some bitcoin under $6k which was nice.
Could have 2x'd with bitcoin cash but oh well.
Pic Related
planning an exit to all cryptocurrency ventures, I have orders set and do not intend to re-enter the market as it has become evident to me over the past 6 months that it is a dishonest market, rife with attempts to subvert it even further from its original purpose.
I already made more than I expected, only $3000, but that is enough to buy useful tools for me.
My exchange went down while I had 25k in BTH.
It is now work 15k.Thinking about killing myself because it took 4 months to earn that money.
What is a good exchange software to use?Poloniex any good?
It's down for me at this moment, and it does that quite often when there is a huge load of traffic, so decide for yourself
lost $10,000 in 30 seconds, 1/3 of my stack, how do you think
>bought BCH yesterday>sold earlier at $2.5kbretty gud
Haven't made a move in over a month.
Feeling comfy.
binance
Sold my bch for 1760 in bear trap before the spike, hodled since 600.
Cashed out of crypto entirely for now, maybe I’ll combe back when it’s more stable and not memes and FOMO drivenP comfy overall
Not invested in btc or bcc so spent the day fudding and trolling both sides.
Guess I should've been more productive with my time desu
>mfw bought at 0.4
It's going up again, you'll get your chance to break even.
Bought 6000 euro worth of BTC one week ago at almost ATH (I can afford to lose this money, np for me).
Didn't have any idea about anything, so started reading around.
Moved to bittrex sold all BTC to BCH, ETH and some other shitcoins.
Made some trades here and there during the madness, overall made 2500 euro in one week without really knowing what I was doing.
Now I am sitting mostly on ETH, NEO and VTC and few other shitcoins and opted out from the BTC/BCH craze while I was on top.Thinking of cashing out 6000 eur worth of ETH (what I invested first one week ago) and keep the gains (~3K) to mess around with.It's all good fun
I'm just chilling on my phat stack of Ark.
Got my staking payout tonight, not sure if I want to spend it on a nice dinner tomorrow or keep it in the wallet yet.
Ouch friend :(, any consolation swap your bags for btc in a day or two when it dips 4's, then ride up to the 8s or even 9s by end of year
So I sold my bch yesterday because I thought it reached peak already, I woke up, checked blockfolio and then AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA I'm probably going to sell all my btc for xmr to have a better store of value.
Fucked.
Someone pointed me to Cash vs.
Core wars on Friday, and have been paying attention to this shit without acting.
Should have gone surfing instead.
Just fucking great.
Just lost $12k on BTC.
Feels so good right now.
Angry at this board for buying into repetitive and counterfactual shilling.
its going shitty, i lost too much, and i try to ignore it.
i just realized thaat you can loose 400k as fast as you can loose 1$...
Learning about marketing, it seems so easy and yet I know it's more complicated than this.
I could live my life as a normal employee, but now I have the chance to aim for a higher spot and man I really wanna give it a shot, but god damn it's so spooky, I'm afraid to fail although I'm young so it should be fine.Then again, I don't want people to think I'm just playing around, I have to amaze them I have to get them BUCKS and CLIENTS.
FUCKING THIS.
Biz told me BCC would crash and burn and promised me a flood of pink wojaks and i sold it with a sickening 10€ win.
And then i wake up and fucking realize i could have made 50%+ if i didnt sell and went to bed instead.
IM SO MAD MOMMYYYYYBACK TO WAGEKEKING FOREVER
i mean bch lol