It's all fucking over.
It's over.
It's dead.
The dream is dead.I tried to stay strong.
I've bounced back from situations almost as bad as this.
But I lost all hope I'm down 80% this week and have no hope my coins will recover.Crypto is done people like us weren't meant to make it.
We were the late adopters.
Even though I bought Bitcoin at 2.5k I put it all in shitcoins and have half the Bitcoin now thanks to fucking Link and Request and I don't have any hope anymore that guy who said we were all gonna make it lied and this isn't the greatest wealth transfer in history it was just a fucking ponzi scheme wake up I'm so close to cashing out everything for a 50% loss on my initial investment.
i'm up 2x today on Confido and NIO, speak for yourself brainlet.
Just patient you fucking spergOr send me your Link and kys
chill out pussy.
rebuy btc after the next crash and hold till it hits 100k - 1MM$.
Just buy etherdelta coins dumbass, you're nowhere near too late
I have no idea what tech adoption life cycle isDid you really just say we’re fucking late adopters?
Late majority?
Are you kidding?
Read the damn book seriously.Too bad you lost on shitcoins, you do have a chance here if you would only hold the sure thing.
But no.
You gamble it on vaporware.
tfw start new job>job is keeping everything running>mostly nothing to do with sudden accidents when I need to react with light speed>find scribblings of my predecessor>mostly self improvement bullshit>he notes about investing in cryptowe are late adopters
i heard a couple normie co-workers talking about bitcoin in 2014...and i didn't care because i assumed if they knew about it, then it was already too late...back then btc traded at around $200.so yes, now is definitely the late stage.
we are late now.
maybe early for a few good alts, but definitely late for bitcoin....the risk reward won't be clear until after this fucking hardfork.this faggot, who usually pumps gold/silver, says btc will correct down to $5K this month:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QSiiMOZpf0M
I joined last month, and I made 150%+ returns.
You're just retarded.
he invested in NAV in march
who, bo polny did?
Any one can make gain off of King BTC, its the alt coins that become a real risk.
Confido 10x'ed in one day.
the dude that scribbles at work about watering flowers and plucking out weeds
We may not all become millionaires but we still have hope.
Normies have not invaded the space like you all think.
Every friend or person I know has practically no spare income after they blow it on meaningless shit like makeup and expensive coffees.
If they did invest it would be like $100 a month.
On the other hand I have sold off everything and dump every single pay into crypto.
The average persons would in no way out a risky amount of money on something that’s still harder to understand than buying stocks.
There’s still hope.
If real adoption occurs owning a whole bitcoin will be a luxury.
Just change your game up, learn from your mistakes and hold mainly bitcoin from now on and don’t go all in on risky alts.
YES WE WILL!
We will make it.Have faith.
18m BTC wallets ever created>late adoptersJust sell your bags and fuck off retard.
You really weren't meant to make it.
The amount of normies that will buy bitcoin isnt what you fags expect.
Majority of normies are poor as fuck and cant hardly buy 1 BTC at the current price.
Do you know how much Bitcoin transaction fees are?
If they buy small amounts of bitcoin, it will be eaten up by transaction fees.Imagine some normie trying to shell out $10 to buy BTC kek only to realize that transaction fees cost as much as $10.
yawnbeen hearing this dumb FUD since $1000 btc.
It's not about them buying and staying in BTC, it's just representative of how many people have entered crypto in the first place.
Many normies will see that a whole BTC is too expensive and turn to alts.
lol retard its a fact not FUD bitcoin is unusable at low levels due to its fees you silly goose
When BTC was at $1000 there were more non-pleb normies to buy in.
Even now there is much more room to grow.
But some of you fags are deluded to think this will actually reach $100k because of normies adopting it.
Unless you have hundreds of thousands in Bitcoin, you will not make it.We are past the early adopter stage for Bitcoin and you fags know it but are too scared to admit it.
Every fucking news outlet has covered it for fucks sake.
But whatever cope all you want.
The same fags that are afraid to get into altcoins now are the same people who were too much of a pussy to buy bitcoin at $10.
k+ blockfolios can still try for BTC all in, for everyone else alts are the only chance to get rich quick
Yup that was what i was trying to say.
If you havent semi-made it in BTC by now, you will never make it with a pure BTC portfolio.
Early adopter phase for BTC is over.
Just don't sell then.
The moneys not gone it will just take longer to get back.Unless you margin trade.
Then you are FUCKED
This.
This is a good strategy.
HODL
Why do people keep sperging this but transactions continue to climb.
No one gives a shit about fees when we see the gains we do each day.
No normie gives a shit about meme coins, bitcoin has market mindshare.
We just gotta kill off the fucks imposing KYC selfie shit.
I never needed a selfie to open a brokerage account and buy k of index funds but I can't buy a fucking bitcoin with an ACH transfer without giving all my info to pajeet.
kek, not too late to buy some phyzz ;)
Crypto.
Is.
Gambling.
Obscure bullshit like Bytecent is exploding over 100% right now.
No reason.
Meanwhile Verge is below 100 sats again.Alts are havens for faggots who love playing Soros.
Sorry bro.
Well, I’m visiting Vietnam as a crypto millionaire and this is happening all over the country:Pic related:
The Vietnamese are waking up to the god of crypto who rewards all the lazy old boys with their Tuk Laos
Apologies for the sideways pic
You'[re wrong it IS the greatest wealth transfer in history.>from your pocket to the whales'
Can it really be considered gambling if your aggregate odds of coming out with more money than you started with are well over 50%?Much higher if you're not an absolute retard at trading.
Newfag expecting to get rich in 6 months.
were at the institutional investor stage.
normies know about btc but wont sink any appreciable money into it until instituional investors give them the means to do so easily
I bought Bitcoin at 2.5k I put it all in shitcoinsgood goy.
go back to your wagecuck tax slaving life now.
we'll keep your money safe.
any crypto, including btc, in 2017>late stagethe fire has only begun to rise.
we are maybe 5% tops along the S-curve.
Transaction fee on coinbase for like $25 is only something like 1.50 if I recall correctly.
It's still the early adopters phase.
I think the handling is still a bit to complicated for "normies"(Creating wallets, exchanging coins) and there is not enough practical use (what can I buy with bitcoins).The only question that nobody can answer is, which Coins will survive and become mainstream.
So right now it's gambling.
Think like the IT bubble.
Yes many companies did burst, but if you had invested in apple, amazon, ... you'd be a rich man.
shitup and stop moaning .. is all I can say to you ....
You could just buy $NULS like a chad and stop bitching.
$NULSshill shill shill shill shill shill shill shill shill shill shill
7ups and heinekenswtf don't these danongmongs have their own brands?
You will make it.
If you know the right places.
https://discord.gg/5c4ghCj
if dubs everyone in this thread will make it
if dubs all you nibbas lose everything
if dubs you're a faggot and everyone here except you will make it
if dubs you'll get revitiligo and turn into a goddamn nigger
if dubs you will get rich
if dubs you will live a comfortable life of wealth and prosperity
4246628if dubs you both send me .2 btc each
the next gox will spook the idiot boomers that are fueling the current rally and there will be a massive sell off
if dubs everyone stops trying to get dubs
That's a rapist sketch if ever

This.
Here's some coins that will succeed long term:NEOLINKODN
if youve not already made enough to live for 3-4 years off today, youre too late