Fuck you Binance
What happened?
inflated BTG prices cause people are fucking fucks
they artificially keeping the price down to pegged with the other exchange btg.
Whereas every other exchange BTG is mooning, except binance.
Fuck you chink.
How is that possible?
Doesnt the order book determine the price?
Are you retarded?
It's like 10% higher on Binance right now than Bittrex.
It's because there's no volume on the BTG pair on Binance because they actually add good coins to buy so nobody wastes their time pumping worthless shitcoins.
Binance BTG price was always higher because it was opened first.
this is bittrex
People can't move the btg outside some exchanges, only trade them inside them
whoops wrong one.
Here the actual one
worst part is suppose to moon, since btc has fallen.
But this is intentionally.
Yeah exactly and it's selling on Binance for .0415I don't know wtf you were looking at earlier.
fucking depressing, initially i was going to go in BCC, thought BTG has a higher yielding.
Fucking binance.
Binance has high price, because they allow the trade pairing earlier than any other exhange.
But it never got low as on Bittrex.
You can't withdraw, that's why
yes but this is pure manipulation, because BTG as a whole suppose to moon to day.
But the one on Binance is staying low so they can eventaully allow the one on bittrex to catch up.
Worst is Binance is the cap price for BTG.
Who cares, sell it all for your free Bitcoin Diamond.
>buy btg on binance>sell on different exchange>profit
Literally not how it works
You still cant withdraw or deposit BTG with Binance, so the pairing there operates in it's own little quarantine.
why are you getting upset that a SCAMCOIN isn't acting like you want it to?bch is enough of a risk without going for actual coins that don't even have a functioning blockchain
because it wouldve mooned if i knew about other exchange selling it for cheaper.
Binance didnt allow the price to drop and now they are stopping the moon.
fuck off bittrex shill