https://pastebin.com/LrHc2mMf PBC leaked article on POWR According to billionaire hedge fund manager MikeNovogratz, the entire renewable energy market is set to become200-times larger.
That would be a 20,495% rise fromtoday.
(And he’s putting his money where his mouthis.
Novogratz recently put 10% of his net worth intoPOWR.)
This month's PBC is on the 20th, fuck off you faggot cunt.
finally indeed
Fake, his newsletter subjects are normally the webaddress after the / and that my friend it's not it
I'm 100% only and balls deep on powr, this will make me or brake me.If it ends being the PBC pick its going to moon hard, the problem is I dont know how much and when to pull out.
it's recovering from the btc rampage btw
Fake news, it's being released tomorrow.
4380464I actually subscribe to palm Beach.
A letter said they are post poning the article for this month and are releasing two next month
fake, im a member too and nothing of the sort
THAT IS FAKE!
Nice try, I won't drop my POWR bought at 3350 to let you accumulate more.
FAKE it is not postponed to next month, but what OP posted is also FAKE
>thinking business savvy billionaire Elon Musk won't just make his own blockchain over buying some low cap coin
I am interested in this project.
Anyone give me a quick rundown?
I think if you look at the trends (what people actually values), more and more people are starting to put an interest in renewable energies, as much as they are willing to support Saudi Arabia to follow their solar power ideas.If I could get my say into this debate (even though I'm not some /biz/ pro) I would say: Invest in renewable energy and also Nuclear power.Read about SMR and what they could do to civilization in the process of going from fossil fuels to renewable sources.I'm going to start trading soon but I want to understand the market so I don't lose money on this, but if you want to understand the market I think you need to understand the cultural changes that are happening and follow those trends to bend them into something positive.>on the note of the thread subject, power ledger is a fucking great idea
it's also super low now, it's a great buy that can moon extremely hard
Exaclty, I'm going to save and invest 50-100 dollars per month into renewable energyes (solar and nuclear to be precise).But I remain uncertain because I want to see what happens in Saudi before I invest in them.
Love the concept of "Solar parks" and it's a big future for Europe since almost all parties in power are focusing on renewable energies.