
not happening.
dump your shit coin, put it in EOS.
URRRRRRRHUGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHAHHHRAHHHHHHHHHHHAHAHA
Eos my god that’s the biggest shit coin of all.
Keeping my bch till 2020 100k apiece
nope
Please whales AaaAAAAaaaaaaa
Enjoy the slow bleed fuckos.
This is what you get for siding with Roger and fucking Jihan
https://pastebin.com/D09wHy2W
what the fuck am i reading here and how did you find this?
What did I just read
Holy fuck, thinking of cancelling my sell order now and just holding my BCH for the next month or so as the whales slowly sell off before the boom happens.
I don't want to sell at a profit and be left with fucking BTC that's tanking.
waiting a month in the crypto world
It will be good, I wont have to stare at candles all day and feel stressed out.
tl;dr someone summarize?
what did you mean by this?
switch to bitbean, going to break .000001
you're gonna watch btc break ATH while bch stays within range
WHAT THE FUCK IT WAS MEANT TO IMPROVE BITCOIN NOT DESTROY IT
BTC is fucked if it dips at least 10% or BCH pumps
it will be goodno
Consider that the mathematical construct that you refer to as "Bitcoin" is based on proof of work.Not proof of neckbeard and delaware incorporation papers.Just quietly.
supposing the imagined "flip" will be a matter of hours which it won't.
a lot of ppl are holding their btc as a long-term investment and not even looking at the market or considering any trades whatsoever.
so - if it would flip, it would last a couple of months at least.
This is the reason why baldy is desperately buying up Bitcoins.
It fits the puzzle.
Due to mining hashes and block time difficulty adjustments, if BTC dips 10% or BCH moons 10% it could completely kill the coin and leave it dead in the water.Seems like smart money knows it and is getting out, and that's why BCH isn't mooning, they need to get large amounts out without arousing suspicion or they shoot themselves in the foot.
Roger is probably going to be making small buys for the next month and then with his final thousands of BTC make a big pump to flip it with all his other whale friends.
It can't pump right now.
It has run out of steam.
To pump it at this very moment would be a lot more expensive then to wait for it to correct and then pump again.So let it correct first back down to 700$... then you can start accumulating again for the next pump.
Read the pasta.
The flippening can happen not because BCH is "better" but because BTC will just stop functioning.Also, just holding something as a long-term investment doesn't make it more valuable.
So let it correct first back down to 700$pls no
it will go down further, you can drop it now and pick it up again in a few days for a cheaper price most likely
4356589nah this is the bottomit wont go down below 1100$
however, this opinion is neglecting the very likely possibility that if the btc price drops it would be overwhelmed by buying orders of regular ppl seeing a second chance to get onto the crypto-train.
and what do you think normal ppl would buy?
BTC!
why?
because it's the only one they heard of.
for 95% of people crypto=BTC and they haven't even heard of other flavors.
therefore, the flipping is unlikely, especially a fast one
Yeah, about that..The thing is, a 10% drop in the BTC price is mathematically the same as a 10% rise in the BCH price for this scenario.Consider the amount of money that needs to move in either case.
anything is possible, but this is not very likely to happen, at least in the described way.
I think the scare of BTC literally not working would scare away normies.
You would see news articles everywhere announcing that "the Bitcoin bubble has popped".Read the article man it was pretty interesting to see how BTC could become a dead in the water non functional coin.
Like even if it went to 10k, if it's non functional you can't ever get that 10k out.
BTC would just break.
Norms who only know btc probably make up less than 5% of the volume, and it'd be easy enough to trick them into thinking bch is bitcoin.
not a lot of money considering how many ppl are in the line to get onto the crypto-train.
btc got mainstream during the past 2-3 months.
pls yes
if this would happen, all cryptos would break.
or loose 50% at least.
first time it started at 200---- and then corrected back to 350.this time it started at 300---- then it should go back to 750, before it can start again.
If it does do I double down and pour even more money into BCH to try and cover losses.
But the price of BTC is set to keep increasing making it increasingly difficult to take down.
We are in a very bullish market.
Do not underestimate the pump potential of BTC, 10k soon.
If they are planning to execute their plan it would have to be in the next week or so.
Kick them while they are down, because obviously BTC will recover.
well - there's only one way to know.
we will see
For anyone who's wondering, the next btc difficulty adjustment is in approximately 18 days.
But if hash rate declines wouldn't a massive btc buy in just slow btc even more?
By nature it only affects SHA256 POW backed coins with a hijacked incompetent developer team backed by hordes of normies who have no idea that they've been duped.
then it'll be slower for a while... so what..?
i think it is not such a big deal as no one is really using BTC for everyday transactions yet.
and we're still far away from that point.
I'm just here to watch the crypto world burn.
https://pastebin.com/D09wHy2WThis is a very obvious parlour trick (and cringeworthy samefagging, too).Highlighted is the fallacy, which is the lynchpin of the whole argument, but which is slipped in mid-conversation without being contested.
But it is fallacy.The devil's logic argument falls apart if you challenge the notion that all miners will instantly and consistently swap over to the token with the greatest potential for immediate, short-term profitability.
If you remove that fallacy, you kill the entire thread of the argument.This is proven to never be the case.
In fact, BCash itself would never have enjoyed its pump, had its ideological miners not continued mining BCH despite the fact they were operating at a loss.https://www.investopedia.com/news/bitcoin-cash-miners-took-loss-purpose/https://www.coindesk.com/miners-mining-bitcoin-cash-losing-money/tl;dr version: the monologue is based wholly on the specious logic that miner actions are 100% predictable, and 100% motivated by instant, short-term profitability.Argument against: Bitcoin cash's own history provides specific evidence that this assumption is entirely false and unreliable.
If you freeze ice, can you drink it?It's just slower, right?
That'd be a nice refutation if there weren't extensive documentation of miners doing precisely that like over here;https://fork.lol/But there is, so...
This whole "mine what you believe in" thing is foolish.
Miners don't do that, because they'd just be short changing themselves over mining the most profitable coin and then selling it for what they believe in.Nice try though.
You have to look at least once per day.
The price won't stay ATH forever.
Why is there 10k buy wall on bittrex?
You misunderstood the post you were replying to.The pastebin says that miners act 100% predictably.
And that they, predictably, follow short term profit.That is factually and demonstrably unreliable.
The life cycle of BCH itself throws up multiple cases of miners not following instant profit.With "All miners follow instant profit" now no longer a trusted theory, we have to replace it with "SOME miners MAY seek instant profit and switch".And, with that, the crazy monologue falls apart in tatters.
look, i do not argument based on what i would like to happen, but what i think is more likely to happen.
personally, i do not think that the flippening will happen in a couple of hours.
besides that, i think btc/bch can coexist.
the ratio needs to be found, i personally think something between 1:4 and 1:5 BTC:BCH
Once again, incorrect.
Check the actual data.
The vast majority of miners follow actual profitability.
Edge cases motivated by ideology like the initial fork of BCH or Slush mining BTC no matter what don't actually change the core calculus.
I agree with you here, miners aren't selling what they mine the instant they mine it, they're also speculating the value of what they mine.
They're invested enough to considering public sentiment and they'll be hurting their own brand if they let the public see that any new fork can fight for the BTC ticker and you're gonna have to change your store of value whenever a contender decides to make a move.
You idiot they have mined BCH at a loss because they know it will win later.
Show me them mining BTC at a loss and I'll believe you.
Even know it is wildly more profitable to mine BTC and there are still way more miners on BCH than there should be.
A N T H E Mhttps://vocaroo.com/i/s0JSnVMgKLjX
What we think doesn't matter.
All that matters is the mathematics of proof of work and the market price of the assets in question competing in a rivalrous fashion for a single resource, coupled with the difficulty adjustment algorithms for both assets.This is all down to markets and proof of work.
If it dips or BCH pumpsGoy do you know Roger Ver moved like 200k BTC to exchanges to dump?
He's just waiting for the right moment and probably isn't dumping alone.
I suspect other big blockers are coordinating the biggest BTC dump ever - if you haven't bought BCH yet prepare to get wiped out.
fuk this shit, let's make DOGE the new Bitcoin.
At least it's been around.
You're missing something there.The contender still serves the ledger.They just do it demonstrably better (more proof of work) than the original.Original holders that recognise this simply hold the new coins and are unaffected.
The more confident they are in the fork the more sense it makes to sell their old coins and buy more new coins, and vice versa.And the ticker is simply an artefact of the exchange consensus.
If all the exchanges agreed to call the DOGE blockchain BTC instead, it wouldn't change the actual properties of the underlying assets.
well a little pump just happenedbut probably over already
100 BTC sell wall on Bittrex at .2 eated or droped.
Didn't see,BTC looking set to dip.
i really dont know whats going on.
just going sideways for hours and then a 650 sell wall at 0.2 being brought down within 30 seconds
ITS HAPPENING
who knows manhope it goes a little further tho, make it at least 0.25im tired of small pumps followd by small dip then nothing for hours
It's not happening, just small lil baby pump
Probably won't happen for 24 hours after the fork but people are starting to FOMO and realise BTC isn't as safe as they previously believed.
Yeah I agree, once the Hard Fork adjustments kick in and start to even out BTC is in legit trouble
doesnt it adjusts every 10 minutes or somethingstop giving excuses, this shit is not going anywhere
hard fork already happend, now we just need a death spiral as described in the pastebin
>waiting for another pump Sweetie....
https://vocaroo.com/i/s0t7Aaa07vAY
you guys understand that the block reward increases the more transactions queue up and the more people are willing to pay in fees ?that's a pull back which makes miners switch back to BTC if unapproved transactions go through the roof...there goes your death spiral idea.
It adjusts based on 144 block average, you'll remember BCH was mining like 40 blocks an hour while pumping yesterday and is now the difficulty is in the process of normalizing to a 10 minute interval.144 blocks = 1 day, thus for the chain to stabilise it really needs a day and a bit, maybe longer.
Nice FUD though.
It stabilizes over a 144 block average or some shit.
It's still trying to adjust and won't be averaging the 10min block times for something like half a day to a few days
And now that people are paying attention.Something to consider from a game theory perspective;1) the BCH hard fork was scheduled for just after the BTC difficulty adjustment, which will necessarily subject BTC to the maximum amount of pain in the 2016 blocks it takes for a difficulty adjustment to react.2) the market activity on the 12th that massively bloated the mempool as people rushed to the fire exits in the inferno has resulted in a lot of coins that would otherwise not have been available for panic selling to be arriving right about that same time.3) Massive amounts of coins have been moved by parties known hostile to the coretards, but their trades have not yet hit the ground.4) Even if the coretards sell their stores of BCH into the ground, the BCH DAA will simply have them castrating themselves with their actions as it adjusts downwards and maintains profitability for miners regardless.
Fees are denominated in BTC.
This, like Slush ideological mining, is paper mache armour against a nuke.
MOOOOONIIINGG !!
en route !
Launch sequence initiated.
Is .211 the new standard for pump around here?
3 / 2 / 1 ....
wow such a pumonot even 200$
It's early but BTC doing too this time
ITS HABBENING
GET THE FUCK IN LOSERS, WE'RE GOING UP
Bought at 0.24 yesterday, woke up and its at 0.19 and going downWork today so was afraid of dropping further so sell at 0.1825J U S T from work seeing it rise now
wish i could join you boys but i sure as shit ain't buying this trash at .2
its over already?
i am sceptic
too late for them.
they will B H S L.
But if BTCs price rises it is economically not advantageous for the miners to not mine it, at the end of the day DEMAND for Bitcoin is more powerful than the mining cartel.Your argument is like saying that if drug dealers stop dealing Cocaine it would become worthless.
If trips we're going to 3000
SHIT ITS OVER SELL SELL SE
Wow, such a moon
Well boys the price appears to be holding steady at .straightTrash oh wait nvm it's literally starting to tank as i type this
Sold.
I'm taking a nap.
Well bought in at 1100 yesterday and sold at 1340, made some dosh so I'm fine
singles of faillooks like you stay poor, pajeet
And in light of Shit just got even more dangerous for core.Some major fraction of mining power is going to be taken offline from this.
It will have no effect on BCH because DAA, it will *aggravate* the chain death spiral attack on BTC by choking the total supply of SHA256 hash power available.
Your argument is like saying that if drug dealers stop dealing Cocaine it would become worthless.If drug dealers stopped dealing cocaine, there is no cocaine.
its going to pump at 2:30 pm to 2700
Yeah but then someone would start dealing cocaine.
My point is demand is ultimately the only determinant of value.