ABANDON BTC SHIP
as an eth holder, this was not the kind of flippening i wanted
YOU HOLD A MY LITTLE PONY CLIP CLOP COMMIECOINThis is why you will not be rich, but instead lined up against a wall while a smart contract sending your money to the state is literally triggered as you're shot by a firing squad of your peers.
ETH is not a currency coin and does not compete with BTC.
You should have known better.
I say this as someone who holds ETH and 0 BTC/BCH.
An Ethereum Flippening was never going to happen.
This is going out of control.The flippening is real
i sold 10 bch in august at .080 sats....where do i jump off
what the hell is going on?!
massive walls!
get back on.dont be a coward anon, you still have hope
BTC is standing JUST on the red line.
It's literally one breath away from plunging.
Holy shit.
How am I even supposed to convert to BCH if I only have $150 worth of BTC?
hello newfag
not a pump my man, organic steady growth spread evenly through many exchanges all over the world!go all in on bch :)
i mean this!
Be patient, when btc-bch flippens and counter-flippens, people will look for a safe place to store their value, i.e.
eth
we are safe in eth right?
right?
ETH will crash just like BTC It always doesOnly Bitcoin Cash is safe now
mwf coinbase people were pissed because they weren't able to sell their fork coin
What if coinbase knew that was coming and deliberately delayed implementation so normie morons didnt sell their BCH.>genius
What would they get from it ?
anyone could see this coming, the price was way too high last week, now comes the fear selling tidal wave, then things will stabilize and it will climb back up.
This has happened so many times, it's amazing to me how little pattern recognition some people have.
This guy isn't correct.However, I personally have BCH.
Riding this flippening.
There's no stopping it now.
So normies (people who have their BTC in coinbase are normies) don't feel that cheated and blown the fuck out over the flippening when they recieve their BCH.
BCH hash-rate has exceeded BTC, this could be the tipping point:https://www.coinwarz.com/network-hashrate-charts/bitcoin-network-hashrate-charthttps://www.coinwarz.com/network-hashrate-charts/bitcoincash-network-hashrate-chartBTC network is on the verge of collapse, with less and less hash-power available to solve the next blocks.
its a bit different when its 2 coins fighting for the same position.
highlander bro