Have you faggots ever used Kik messenger?
The CEO is into crypto now, and they have literally already made a token called Kin that they will implement with Kik.KIK!
One of the most popular messengers in the United States.
And now they have a crypto, which is currently going for fucking fractions of a cent.I recommend buying this shit, its listed on Coss.io and EtherDelta.
I've earned hundreds of free Kin from Coss dividends, but it looks like a promising enough token to actually purchase.Your welcomehttps://kin.kik.com
kys
kik is for underage sexting and other retarded normie shit, no thanks
what was the supply again?
infinate.they literally print more if the value gets highkek have fun holding those kin bags faggot
Don't try to shill this piece of shit here.KYS.
I will because i got them for free, you niggerAfter all, free money is pretty nice.
But you wouldn't understand, with your ODN ;)
P&D IMO .
Why would I pay a hooker with KIK?
>I recommend buying this shit>because I got it for free
LMAO>wow this token is almost too good to be true!
I've already made x amount of money by USING THIS KIN TOKEN!
doctors hate meLmao gtfo
43665934366455interesting FUD campaign.
Notice how they are all the exact same comment "KYS" and extreme anger.
Almost seems like the same person using multiple devices to post in the same threadhmmmmmmmmmmmmmwhy would someone get so angry at a thread simply presenting an option/opportunity?Just some food for thought to lurkers in this thread
Kin was one of the worst, greediest ICOs in crypto.
It's shit lol.
Lmao.
You're the one shilling your free bags.Fuck off, there's a reason this shitcoin tanked.
tanked>less than 2 months oldAlright I'm done being harassed in this thread, have fun being poor Pajeet, I'm sure you'll have over $100k someday if you really truly keep believing in your VertCoin
>p-pls buy my bagskek
already know this coin is going to be used for people over KIK to pay for Nudes - guaranteed it'll be up 100x from w/e it's at now if it gets scaled into their APP