So I had a contract with a freelancer for some logo design work.We weren't pleased with the quality of work (literally MS Paint crap) and decided not to go on with the contract.The contract states that he's only paid when the full product is accomplished.
Over the course of two months, he's made revisions based on our request but still the quality did not match our intended vision.Am I wrong in not paying this person?
Or should I pay him (even though there weren't any agreed hourly rate compensation in our contract)?t.
new entrepreneur
Pay him a little to compensate his time spent disappointing you so he can pay rent, but definitely dont go through with the contract or full payment if his work is garbage.
Source: Professional graphic designer.Curious: how much was the contract, and what was to be delivered?& Next time, see their portfolio before hiring
Two months for a logo?
I realize it's a subtle thing that needs to be "just so" but that seems hellza long for a logo!Compromise?
Out of 100 what would you grade his work?
Pay him that percent of the agreed upon amount I guess.I've never been on the commissioning end so I don't know.I think this is a great chance to reflect back and figure out how you're gonna avoid having someone turn in shit work - either by being more careful about who you commission, or maybe having very clear specific criteria before you agree on a price.
I did the porfolio was good and quite professional... so we gave him a chance with a few revisions and still the quality was lacklustre.Contract was 100 AUD.
He is asking for 30 AUD in compensation.
The deliverable was one logo according to our specifications.
AUD?
Yeah pay it and move on.
I agree with You are not obligated to anything, but it would be a very dick move to not pay a small comission for his work even though he did not achieve desired results.
This is the standard in most industries as far as I know.
Out of a 100, I'd give it a 20% but I'll go as high as 25% if he haggles.The agreement was a final product must be submitted.
Only revisions had been sent in so far and they were disappointing.
Can you post the logo he made?
wanna see
Assuming you are not trolling, You are indeed wrong.
Pay him and go elsewhere.1.
Would a reasonable third party conclude the project was completed?
Whether it matches your vision is irrelevant.2.
How the smegging FUCK have you not researched his work beforehand, not asked for samples from multiple artists before choosing one and/or been so negligent as to not spot work going wrong in this time?Even worse, you're making some poor other sod take the hit for your mistakes as a business owner, and then hiding behind deliberate mangling of the contract language.Embarrassing.
Pay him off, note it as a cost of you learning proper business controls, and move on.
30 AUDI sure as fuck hope you're being stubborn out of principle OP.
Can't anon.
Logo is confidential.Yeah I guess..
The contract was deliverables-based and they were not met.
It was not completed as it was still in the revision stages.And yeah, lesson learned.
What's funny is that the contract actually allows me to not pay him off but he brings up the time he "wasted" on the project and can't help but myself in his shoes, so to speak.I did research his portfolio and they were good.
It's like a different league in quality when it came to the actually project... literally MS Paint that I could have done with my hands.
Ohwell.
Contract sides with me on this but still, anon have pointed out that its probably more ethical to compensate for his time.
If you paid a deposit you don't need to pay anything else, since he didn't fulfill his part of the deal.
It's standard to ask 25%-50% in deposit on the freelancers side, so in these types of situations both parties walk away at a loss.
But speaking as a freelancer myself, if you hired this guy from upwork or freelancer or some other site like that and went bargain hunting - that is on you.
Double that if you hired a pajeet, if that's the case you deserve any loss you get.
I'm pretty salty about how the market is saturated by freelancers with showy portfolios that are 90% stolen/fake.
A tip for future, artists who actually know what they're doing will refuse to work for peanuts because we know our work, and I guarantee you if the choice boils down between bargain bin pajeet or someone pricier you will be far safer just paying the standard rate, even if it's higher.
At least then you can have peace of mind that you're not going to get screwed later down the line.
was his work actually "bad" or just didn't match your own vision?
there's a difference therei'm not a professional graphic designer, more of a self-taught amateur, but I've done some work for friends and acquaintances; I have reasonable artistic talent and am familiar with all the industry software.
even so, sometimes while my work is "good" (according to various people who see it anyway), the person who I'm making it for just has this very obscure, specific vision in mind that I can't quite imagine or get exactly to their specifications, because they have no way of showing me exactly besides a poor sketch and an explanation.
But if his work is just horrible then that's another story.
Maybe the portfolio he showed you isn't even his own
post the logo you crybaby faggot.
Reading this thread, the first thing that came to mind was a plagiarized portfolio.
Asking a freelance for a deposit?
How does that work and why would they even agree to that?>f you hired this guy from upwork or freelancer or some other site like that and went bargain huntingHe's not a pajeet, but I did meet him through my GF's friend who's into Graphic Design.
I was literally looking for a logo for a $100, and looking at Fiverr's rates, I thought I was a paying a premium with my $100.
Still I am convinced someone one Fiverr can do a better job than him for less.
No the freelancer asks you for the deposit.
If it is their full time job, you're essentially buying their time to clear a schedule to work on your project instead of taking on another paying client.
It's a protection for the artist, but again, if his work ends up unusable it also helps you because you can leave it at that and not have to pay in full.
>looking at Fiverr's ratesBruh.
I get what you mean, and I'm not trying to make you feel bad or anything, but Fiverr is a terrible place to get an idea for cost.
I don't lift a pencil for anything less than $50/hour.
There's a guy in the industry who recently dropped that he regularly manages to ask $20k a day.
Fair enough that's when you're already a top tier name, but the point I'm trying to make is that people underestimate how much freelancers earn.
Not to mention we have to pay our own insurance and the tax isn't great, plus you can't always get steady work and need a windfall.
You'll always be able to find someone who can do a good job for less - people undervalue themselves insanely and as a result perpetuate the meme that this work is cheap.
Just understand it's a gamble.
From what you say the guy sounds more like a hobbyist or is doing it on the side.
Nothing wrong with that, but if you have a business - hire a professional.