Right?
No one is actually buying anything with Bitcoin, everyone who owns it is hodling it.
Criminals are more likely going to use Monero for obvious reasons.
>Doesn't realise that every alt needs bitcoin to get money in and out of the market.Keep holding those bags until you need BTC to get it out.
It is the most solid way to avoid having your wealth inflated away by central bankers.As a currency, there’d be no need for it to be worth a whole lot, cf.
Greham’s law.
People don’t really buy much with gold these days either.
It’s an alternative store of wealth.
One that can be easily moves around the world without much regulation.
That’s the intrinsic value.
Not because you can buy a burger with it...That’s why people are hodling.
Because investors are going to keep flocking to it for this utility, and that’s going to drive the price up for other investors.
This.
While I do think Bitcoin is going to have its bubble popped short term, long term I think more normies are going to come into it.
My question is this:When the American stock market corrects, what will happen to bitcoin?
Will it go up?
You can buy gift cards and gold with it
The stock market won’t correct - plunge protection team will make sure of that, as will running the dollar printer even harder.
I unironically think the greenback will be fucked up the arse first which will moon the stock market almost as much as btc.
Timescale: petroyuan
Not because you can buy a burger with it...Why not?
It's more convenient than paying with a golden ingot.
not trading shitcoins to ETH to cash out
It has to eventually.
A lot of the market is so high because of quantitative easing and interest rates being so low.
The money from QE has found its way into the market, and where else do you put your money when rates are so low?If you want to get a bit scared, securities-based lending is getting pushed big time.
Banks are encouraging customers to borrow against their stock and bond portfolios to paper over budget gaps and cash needs, rather than sell their investments.
This is setting things up for a pretty gnarly correction.