You all want 5x-10x gains but none of you fucks actually do anything about itYou buy pumped coins, and then panic sell.Buy thisHold til EOY????
?Profit (5x)
What's your reasoning?
Also post proof that you are in Astro
They have an app already ready to be published with a working product.I own 1000 Astro, scouts honor
it looks ok....
Trying to accumulate while it's cheap.
Will probably sell some when the price runs up closer to dividend time, but also hold some.Taking a look at their holdings that they released two days ago it looks pretty solid.
They bought a fuckton of ETH, so the fund could be quite huge eventually, though it's important to remember that the dividends are only for realized gains.
For anyone interested in the report:https://astronaut.docsend.com/view/ruih4ia
I sure as shit wouldn't buy any based on that report.
You could have just bought ETH and sat on your ass all month and made as much as they did.Not to mention they are only paying on realized gains.
4498056>realized gainswhat fucking company would pay dividends on unrealized gains?
Very few, but there's enough retards who see +18% and think that's what they'll get that it needs to be mentioned
They buy crypto and give you dividends.
When ETH was around $290, they bought shiiiiiitloads of it and now its at $360.
These guys know the game being former investment bankers.
I expect the first few dividends to be GOOD so the coin price jacks up.
Why?
so the insiders/devs can sell and make some profit.
Maybe after a year, the dividends will probably go back to normal/drop.
If you wanna see how these guys will do, look at TAAS coin.
Exact same shit.
theres a lot of stupid mom and pops out there who want to dabble in crypto but have no clue what alt coin to buy.
These guys are trying to appease to that crowd.
The peeps just need to login to their phone app to check their daily ASTRO fund performance.
If you wanna see how these guys will do, look at TAAS coin.>TAAS>Tool-Assisted Anal SepsisYeah nah I don't think I'll be throwing my money away on this.
You know what, you're right.
With how retarded most people are on this board, it might be necessary to actually make that distinction.
Carry on sir.
Whats the % Dividends payout?
%.
There's some concern about longevity of the fund with such a high dividend payout, but it remains to be seen if paying out 5x their profits will be sustainable or not.
Bull fucking shit come on, I tried lurking there reddit or main site can you please post the information?
I'm already in one coin that's like this in August and it's paying me out 250$ a week and I only got in for 500$.
% of ‘realised’ profits via Astronaut investment activities will be credited back to the token holder in ETH on a quarterly basis40% of the profit will be reinvested into Astronaut, therefore expanding assets under management (AUM) and appreciating the token price of ASTRO10% of the profit each quarter will be used to fund the ongoing operation of Astronaut and its investment activities (legal, auditing, analysis)
realised’ profitsWhat's realized profits?
So once a month they'll look at their balance sheet and "realize" that they've made a profit.
This is when the profit is calculated and 500% of this amount is distributed to token holders.
Wait so it's only 500% per 3 months?
Or is it per Day?
newfag alert
I get 30% per day
yea off what?
$200 you fucking fag
I'm not a mom and pop but I'm getting tired of keeping up with the newest stupid fucking shitcoin or ico which is why I invested in astro.
I still buy icos and trade shitcoins but I've been spending less time doing so and would rather go with a more conservative approach like astro (or combicoin which is combined assets of the cryprocurrencies)That way I can actually spend my time doing other things
Tfw bought at 3$