New Coin On Bittrex just added!Mercury!
$MERget in on the pump :D super lower caphttps://bittrex.com/Market/Index?MarketName=BTC-MER
Nice just bought a 100K.
Probably gonna bounce back.
Guys running bittrex are pure crooks.
They got a nice share of mercury from the dead in exchange for the listing and now they're dumping for mad gains.
They better watch out
nice fud.
just bought 200k
Lol, they delist Darcrus and add a Wave asset from that shitcoin to the exchange.Buttrex has slipped.
Freddycoin
> the FUDoh shit
How did you find this?
And thank you for the 2x lel
elaborate anon
Aww yes nothing like getting fucked in the ass without lube
what the fuck just happened?
it was six fucking dollars a few minutes ago, and now it's $0.12?I'M IN
ANSWER ME /BIZ/
Everything dumps when it gets on exchangrs
Holy fuck this going to moooon fucking hard.
Price target?
What's your sell order set for?
I want to set a sell order for 5000 sat but i feel that is too cheap.
4351189WOOOOOBut srs does this mean I have to stay up all night staring at a graph again?
I'm really burnt out on doing that after the """""""flippening""""""
Same here.
Fuck and now bittrex is freezing up.
I mighr try my luck on waves dex.
Sell half now and ride the rest.
Bought 10,000 worth at .12I wish I had more money to invest.
Dont let your memes be memes
Bought 1500 @ .13, wish I would've went all in now.
When are you selling?
Is this gonna dump back down or can I sleep /comfy/ tonight?
I don't think you should sleep, but if you have work tomorrow just set for 10000 or something.
I still think this isn't going anywhere, though.
Why 10k sat.
That would give mer a crazy marketcap.
4351666Hey Satan, do you think this has a chance of breaking $1 this week?
Just so he doesn't get up tomorrow and realize he lost an opportunity by selling it for 4000 or something.
I'd do that.
Anyway, there are several coins at bittrex that follow this pattern of having a huge spike and then stabilizing forever.
Yea but do u think it will spike to 10k sat?