>tfw if you had a time machine you'd probably use it to buy Bitcoin at 1 cent instead of going back to advise Hitler on how to win the warHow do I live with this shame?
do both.>go back in time>buy btc>sell btc>buy gold>put gold on time machine>go back and heil hitler
Just help Hitler but ask him to deliver a message to your grandfather that'll be passed on to you once you are born and of age that'll advice you to buy Bitcoin asap.
go back to >>>>/pol/, evil degenerates
I'd not get fat, but yeah same...
With the money you make from btc you can become the next Hitler.
And stronger!
And what advice would that be?
Hitler was a jew plant.Why do you think the only times the nazis won any battle was when the generals disregarded Hitler's orders, you retard.
I'm curios, what could hitler have done to win?
The opposition was closing in on him from all angles.
Suicide was the only way.
Commanding an army HQ wasnt always about the battles
Hitler worshiper here.
Dont take the hitler pill guys, its not worth ithe is literally the reincarnation of jesus, Ive said too much
But also think about like this, it's the year 2050 and some of the shitcoins of today are worth hundreds, if you got a time machine and come back to this year, you'd for sure buy link while it's fbis cheap because it's going to be worth upwards 200$ per token by 2050
hitler fags worship a guy who's war killed ~40 million white people>hitler fags worship a guy who was funded by (((them))) in expectation to be paid back with pillaging the countries he invaded, which he did>hitler fags worship a guy who who turned Europe from a world empire to a vassal to the USFucking retards.
advice hitler?why not just go back in time and become one?
It's ONLY about the battles you retard.The pen is mightier than the sword only if retarded wimps are wielding swords.You think the war was one by speeches about freedom ?It was won by converting russky meat into paste is how it was won.
Hitler was a good guy with good intentions and I say this as a non-white.
They should let his reign kept on going for a little longer so he couldn't taken more jews and niggers and gays to the grave with him.
could've* FUCK
No jews were killed by the nazis.Half the fucking SS was made of fucking jews you retard.Without the allies bombarding the supply lines, and the typhus outbreak that followed ( since jews are filthy by nature ), none of the 50000 jews would have died.And, niggers, really ?
Not only did the nazis not kill niggers, they literally had nigger SS.
Nothing he was a literal retard hoped up on meth 24/7