"Perfect lambocoins don't exi---"
Also why is vitalik such a butthurt manchild?https://www.twitter.com/SergeyNazarov/status/927230750079860736Here Sergey being a gentleman and the other faggot didn't even like/rt it or reply.Is he a jealous faggot or...?
Link is going to I be worthless until it isn't.
The game is just trying to time when that is for maximum gains.
There is a reason even the fudders have broken down and admitted it's going to Lambo land but they just say it's months away.
>all alt coins are shit and none will exist in the fut---
All bagholders unite!
We need to get an answer on this.
What the fuck is Vitalik's problem?
yup.
i love how the FUD is now "well ok but IT WON'T GO TO JUPITER FOR A LONG WHILE, SO THERE"
he already said what he thinks of LINK32 million overvalued shitcoin
I think he's mad because someone else came up with such a revolutionary idea.
he also said CP is ok dude.
his words are meaningless.
As much as I don't like the dude I think he meant "Files on your computer can't harm anyone" but he said it on some autistic way.
He also thinks that you should be forced to sell your home if someone offers to buy it from you for market valueHe's an autistic, homosexual and pedophilic communist teenager
well for such a genius he clearly didn't think things through, because for a CP file to exist, somebody had to get hurt.
What is moon for LINK though?
10x?
100x?
Are we going to see $100 links?
(No)Moon would be 10x, meaning unless you threw in $25,000, which I know all of you don't have because you are children, then this is absolutely not a lambocoin.
and please tell us where you get this 10x number.
do you know anything about LINK at all?
I threw in 14k, does this make it a audi-coin for me?
After you pay capital gains it makes it an Audi A4 base model coin.
This piece of shit will only be worth .60 max...screenshot this Erc worthless token
PencilDick @PinkWojaksKek
"screenshot this" automatically makes me right
4361296Guy probably got 50k Twitter notifications during/after the con, give him a break.
Still not a bad investment, it's 3x the current price.
Idk why this is funny


No one knows.
But I'm in for 25k ish, I have 120K LINK.Im not even in that deep.
There's poeple with a few million.
tfw only 13k Link
Always makes me jealous seeing how much Link some whales have.
It's really silly though.
I'm jealous that Link could make them hundreds of millions and I would only be making tens of millions.Then I remember I would be over the moon when it hits $5 and I'm technically a millionaire.
I just wish I had the money to be over 2K on link, thats $400, too much for me to bet on a coin that may not work out.
How some people have over 10K just baffles me, what do you do that you have that money to invest in crypto?
?>that feel when 3rd world wageslave
Where are you from
you can always tell a newfag because he says "erc = worthless" trying to sound smart.
lol
Brazil.Check this out, I'm a lawyer,and at my last office I got paid less than $500 (converting to dollars to make it easier) a month.I'm trying to get rid of this existence through crypto.
Fuck that.
Buy bitch bastird.
Link will get you real.
Oracle is real problem.
Dude, I'm from Venezuela and barely managed to get 140 LINK.
Be grateful for your 2k.
I know that feel, man.Russian $400 scientist here.
Got 3k LINKNo matter how high it gets, I won't see lambos.
Had 102k.
Had to get into Nul so back to 50k :(
When will the price actually go up, and why?
Most of you are just buying this because of memes and shilling.
that's low tier man
Feelsbad man Im lawyer in small shitty europoor country and I still have 10k link, AND its only 20% of my coinfolio, AND coins are only 40% of my investments, AND i invest only what i can lose.Brazil man :(
Who /MOD and LINK/ here?
how many LINK do i need to get rich in 3 years?i have 11 000 now,is that enough?
Probably at least 100k desu...And that's pushing it imo.
1 million would be nice for 'rich'.
Let's say it hits $1 which is pretty insane.
That would give you a neat 1 million dollars.
$1 which is pretty insaneL O Lthis shit is $20-30 summer 18