>Hack of Tether was noted and is being dealt with>Hacked Tether effectively frozen>Nothing that was done has actually gotten out to affect the crypto ecosystemSo why are we all freaking out?
There's no reason that this news should actually mean anythingBuy the dip I guess
Well we're not gonna be able to buy the dip if you keep helping the weakhands think rationally
it's an excuse to post pink wojacks.
we like the drama
sheep sell and whales buy.
rinse and repeat until 100k
shut up op I am accumulating
That's way so go I guess.
Follow the retards to free money
It's dropping because it raises doubt about the rest of the stuff people have been saying about tether.The fact that they got hacked so soon to all the doubt, and the fact that the coins that got stolen were literally freshly minted YESTERDAY, is raising concern in many peoples minds.
>cryptomarket is rational
dealt withWe don't know that.
All we know is they froze a specific account.
Note that their website is down.
Note that there are two terrifying possibilities here.Either Tether is still compromised by the "hacker".Or this is an exit scam smokescreen.
>bitfinex accidentally forgets to add last 30mil tether creation to balance>on the tether "transparency" page yesterday shows tether value at -30>ho boy we got hacked!
all the other 600M we used to margin buy at critical moments are totally real!why would you "hack" tether?
It's worthless.
They shut it down instantly.
Makes no sense.The threads are unraveling.
They weren't hacked.
Someone fucked up when they printed new tethers causing the ledger to go negative.
They tried to cover saying they were hacked and hide the fact they are printing new tether without USD backing.
why exactly would they make such a big deal about it instead of just walking away with the money then?
lmao
They didn't actually fix the vulnerability.
Nothing they've said so far suggests as such.
They're still "investigating".They've only patched the largest glaring abuser of the attack.Nobody actually knows how much was actually drained out of them.How did they not catch this earlier as well?
Why let this go on for so long?
How long was that account around pumping out USDT?
Occam's fucking razor right here everyone
if unbacked tether causes the balance to go negative, then all tether before this is legit and backed by USD.do you even think before you type?
"lol its an exit scam guys cya"do you think that is legal?
Well this is what people conspiracy.
Which is why the market is dropping.People were already pointing to that specific address that's now locked, yesterday on /r/btc leddit.
How did they not catch this earlier as well?
Why let this go on for so long?
How long was that account around pumping out USDT?what the fuck are you talking aboutyou can literally see their balance on their transparency page, and its been less than a day since it went red LOLand what do you mean, "how long has this been going on", AND "why did they let this go on for so long?
"how can you imply its been going on for a long time when you have no idea how long its been going on for?
LMAOyou're so fucking retarded
Account that was hacked has never generated USDT.USDT was generated in another address, that we know tether/bitfinex control.
Yesterday these new USDT were transferred around a bit, before ending up in the address that's now locked.
no, dumbass, if they were exit scamming they wouldn't need to do any of this at all, they would just dump their tether for btc and dump btc on real fiat exchangesthey dont need to do anything with tether wallets directly
It's at $8k againNeat
This.
Save them for 2022 when each coin is $1 million and you will need a good folder full.
when each coin is $1 millionBTC will definitely be replaced by then