
OH BOY HERE WE GO
GDODAMNNT stupid fucking cashies/
I'm pretty sure this was exactly Satoshi's Vision.
Should be obvious to everyone that there is an upcoming correction.
Recent BTC has been partly a Tether pump and its slowing down.
People will start dumping back into alts soon.Just got to pray miners don't bail again while BCH difficulty is so low.
Not sure whether to sell yet tho.
wanted to sell BCH a few days ago to get Litecoin>hovering between 19 and 21 for fucking ages>put sell on 20>it suddenly starts dipping hard>wake up this morning>LTC is mooning>fuck it just sell now and jump on the LTC moon mission>make some money but then it dips>holding LTC bags now>Now BCH is going back upI FUCKING HATE CRYPTO FUCKING WHY DOES THIS ALWAYS FUCKING HAPPEN HOLY FUCK I CAN NEVER CATCH A FUCKING BREAK
HURRY AND BUY BACK IN BCH WE MOONING NIGGA OR HATE YOURSELF NEXT WEEK
Just got to pray miners don't bail again while BCH difficulty is so low.
Not sure whether to sell yet tho.Nope dude, the recent change in Bcash is solid as fuck check it out.
Roger deliveringMoontime
holy shit this is funny, thanks for the kek
https://fork.lol/>BCH running at 1.2x more rewardGonna watch hash rate closely.
bcashcoreshill kys
Fuck it I just sold ltc at a loss and already recovered in less than 1 minute on bch kek
unironically just bought wtf am i doing
Same.
Bought 4.
Already up 0.02 in seconds.This should be fun.
Im unbiased bro.
Im literally enjoying this drama.
Which is why im impressed with the recent change in bcash adjusting difficulty every 10 minutes.
solid as fuckThere's no magic trick here.
Either you hand out block rewards like candy inflating the currency or you lose hash power to BTC.
4405344I just did it, I sold my LTC at a loss.
After I just sold my BCH at a loss.
WHY DO I KEEP SELLING AT A FUCKING LOSS HOLY FUCK WHEN CAN I GET A FUCKING GAIN!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IfAnshCKW9s
STOP FALLING FOR THE FOMO.
THE FOMO IS KILLING YOU STOP RIGHT NOW.
nice try, you wont get my links.
kys as in kill youre self
Uhh can you give me a rundown on why he got so pissed people called Bitcoin Cash uhh BCash?
He also said he didnt want to call it Bitcoin right?
What the fuck is his endgame?
step 1- stop selling for losses
selling for a loss is STUPID STOP IT.
STOP JUSTNG YOURSELF FUUUUUUCKKKK I CANT STAND WATCHING ITTTT
He think bch is superior
dam back down boyz
holy shit back under 1000. wew
He think bch is superiorWhat?
I am so confused right now.
BCash is BCH.
What is wrong with him?
ohh you rike ah beet corn?
Why don't goys just hodl both?
It's bitcoin cash not bcash, alright?He plans to rename it bitcoin china soon
I sold 10 BCH for 27 ETH when it was under $900 and then realizing the price was shooting back up, traded back in at $970ish: 25 ETH for 8.2 BCH.Fuck me right?
I just lost 1.8 BCH for no god damn reason in the span of 30 minutes.I have lost already 7 BCH doing trades back and forth like this over the past few days.
Not even joking.
I am so suicidal, there is no one I can talk to.I got in BCH at around $550 - $600 so I am still in profit, but I am so fucking suicidal right now.
There's 7 BCH gone for no reason.No has it worse than me.
I should have listened to others saying to HODL and to just buy more at the dip.I'm so fucked up right now.
lol TO THE FUCKING MOON OP
.
send your crypto to a wallet2.
give the private keys to someone like your Mom or put in safe deposit box3.
wait a year and profit
Stop, FOMO is the worst problem in this board.
You need to promise yourself to not fall for it again.
NEVER, even if it moons, it doesn't matter.
Following the pump is the worst you can do, because there is so much fluctuation in this market that you will end up losing money.
You need to invest BEFORE and wait, or take small profits.
And we're below $970 again.
Heh.
At this point I have iron hands.
No longer selling or even opening my wallet anymore.I'll listen to the posts that say hold now.
I'll listen to the posts that say accumulate.Experience makes me stronger.
Got in BCH early, gonna weather it out.
Time to accumulate more.And now we're above $970 again.
Heh.Up down.
Up down.
Up.
Down.
Up.
Down.
I feel justed like no one's business.
YA-YAMETEEEEEEEE JIHAN SAN
the fork is tomorrow, miner revolt, jihan will also ttack , idc about the drama but this will launch another x3 in bcc, t.whale here who is becoming massive from this
Abloo bloo bloo!Boofucking hoo.
some of us traded our BTC for BCH around 6k and ended up losing half of our portfolio.
Man up, suck it up this is a market faggot with prices that swing if you get emotional and go on a JUST spree learn to not do it again
another forkWhat the fuck is this shit.
4405562Thanks anons.
So I feel so fucked up man.Look at this trade earlier today, 6 BCH for .8 BTC.
Then I fomoed and traded it back at a loss of 5.9 BCH.Then I got home from work today and saw the price dropping, saw all the meme posts on 4chan about BCH crashing, so I sold 10 BCH and then I browsed through Yours.org and r/btc and people said to hold and accumulate, then I was in so much regret.I traded back in at a huge loss.Already down 7 BCH this week for no fucking reason, literally, other than just trading back and forth.Feeling sooooooooooo fucking justed right now.
I should just crouch on the ground and get fucked over and over in the ass by the invisible justing god.Exactly, I'll take the first guy's advice and put it into a wallet to never look at again.
It was the perfect time to accumulate more, but I didn't listen.
https://bitcoin2x.org/ says hiapparently still trying it somehow lol
oh shit isnt today the day seg2x was supposed to happen?
this is all according to that "miner's open letter to other miners" github thing
https://blog.coinbase.com/bitcoin-segwit2x-update-b69a1c1e5ece>other miners might go foward with the forktomorrow bcc will pump n coinbase will dump at ath again but bcc will keep rising, thats why they want to credit people with equivalent btc
stop.I used to do what you do.
ive lost thousands of dollars trying to trade.
I lost 1.4BTC (which is a lot to me because I only ever had 3)You suck.
I suck.
Everyone sucks except the whales.
The safest way is to just HOLD.
I just sold my BCH for BTC, fuck these shitty alt coins.
Except Solar Coin, solar coin is cool.
(((also ETH, but not for investing)))
what's your trading strategy?>listening to biz and reddit>don't have oneyeah, fucking stop this.
Maybe you should stop listening to what anyone is saying here, most of all.
And other social media secondly.
The truth is very rarely heard around here, you can take that to the bank.
Exactly.
Just hold.
Whatever the fuck you have, hold.
Hold what you believe in.We cannot do anything in this situation, if we try to catch the highs and lows we just end up losing.
Nothing else we can do.Learn from experience.
I have learned from mine.
I'm not trading ever again pretty much, and I'll accumulate more on this dip because fuck everything.
STOP USING CHANGELLYhttps://bitfinex.comhttps://bittrex.com
CHANGELLY SHAFTS YOU SO HARD ON RATES YOU'RE LOSING HUNDREDS PER TRADE REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Quit FOMOing?
I'll have you know I've made millions through FOMO.
Price goes up?
I buy.
I get bored?
I sell.What's that?
BCH rose by $20 after falling $40?
Liquidate everything and buy it.
You'd have to be retarded not to right?
I ALWAYS hop on moving trains and ALWAYS make hella bank.
In fact I've fucked twelve girls in the past year just by telling them how much crypto I have, and its all thanks to impulsive decisions.
So yeah, I'll hodl when I'm fucking dead.
I only ever hold a single consolidated position.
Diversification is for cucks and virgins.
Today I sold all my LTC for 63.80 and bought BCH for 1040, which is suboptimal but I'm feeling hella good.
When I'm getting rich during the next Jihanakazi your girlfriends will all come hunt me ddown for the chad that I am.
suck it virgins
fucked twelve girls in the past year just by telling them how much crypto I have