its happening guys...link going main stream, with this rate all tokens that want external data going to use chain link, its just start guys...get on board with link , biz is blessed with sergey god to adopt this early, no buzz outside biz yet https://www.factom.com/blog/smartcontract-factom-announce-collaboration
Before shilling, learn to not sound like a pajeet.
It's giving all the coins you shill a distasteful curry tinge.
Good find.
>ctrl+f "chainlink">no results foundOf fucking course.Another deluded LINKie misinterpreting someone using smartcontract.com's CENTRALIZED service as proof of their dogshit fundraising token being adopted.And by the way this is just a regurgitation of old news.
Anyone buying LINK bags based on that article deserves to get dumped on.
fuck off retard, buy some link otherwise u will in shithole forever
smartcontract.com's CENTRALIZED servicesmartcontract.com doesnt have a centralized oracle service you dumbfuck.
if they needed a centralized oracle then factom would just use Oraclize.it like the others (Etheroll).
Coping this hard lmao.
its bit old news, so what its fact
https://www.factom.com/blog/smartcontract-factom-announce-collaborationYou are dumb as fuck lmao... chainlink is smartcontract product... and their only fucking product.
POSTED: JULY 28, 2016 BY IN BLOCKCHAIN, COMPANY UPDATES, TECHNICAL UPDATES
Try the companies real name, SmartContract.com.
Asshat.
being this retarded
The chainlink network is vaporware.The best it will ever be is an oracle marketplace like ZAP.
But chainlink is so far behind in development with only 2 developers that it won't work for years and ZAP will have taken over by then.
MIght as well flush your money down the toilet if you plan on holding this vaporware scamcoin.
zap target users are no secured oracles, where is chain link is for tamper proof secured decentralized oracles, now tell me where money flow, enterprise class chain link or some shit zap
very interesting to see service level contracts, bond contracts, and especially delivery gps contracts on this version of the site.
wait is this new!?!?!?!?
this definitely wasnt there before
old actually as that factom post was for 2016 if im not mistaken.smart contract has likely hidden these for the time being, but i am sure they will resurface once the network is live.
Quick stupid question so I have 2800 LINK in ether delta now what there is no type of wallet or something what is the next step to safely hodl.
Or am I already there.
I guess I'm a dumb shit for not knowing everything.
But a lol help would be Appreciated.. pic related
Withdraw the LINK back to your wallet, and access it using whatever.
LINK can be stored in any Ethereum wallet that supports ERC-20 tokens.
myetherwallet.com is a good one.
Jesus I sound even more like a retard.... proofread much??
So when I withdraw back to my wallet my etherium wallet will have sub Categories for tokens in it?
So the I can access Tokens or etherium.
Or is it interchangeable.
Does somebody have a screenshot to give me an idea what it looks like?
Ok so I have coinomi and I did a little digging it has tokens but does not have link but has a way to add contracts where do I get Into to add contracts for link??
Pic related
yoo retard, when you withdraw, they will come to your wallet, now go to Myetherwallet and load tokens they show up there.
keep them safe until Q1 2019, you will be rich .
Yes there are separate sections in MyEtherWallet for Ethereum and ERC20 tokens.
Thank you senpai....
I can't wait for all the threads of people showing of shit they bought with their LINK.
POSTED: JULY 28, 2016how fucking desperate have linkies become holy shit
In some wallets like MetaMask you will receive Tokens but won't be able to see them unless you set it up properly.
r/metamask can actually be helpful for newfagsPro tip: don't use Metamask to trade in etherdelta, it's buggy.
Also store safely your private key
Kinda scary
peak desperation was reached when they started trying to shill fake morgan stanley shit.
and that was before sibos.they in a whole other dimension at the moment.
holy shit boys, we could be looking at a marketcap similar to ETH before long, divide your links by 3.5 that's how many ETH you would have
Really?
What kinda bugs?
I've always used metamask for ED and never had a problem
I'll be able to buy about 10k worth of LINK around mid Jan - Feb period.
Will I be too late to make it by then?
the node network is not live yetwhen nodes are running you will be able to purchase data for your smart contracts from oracles using LINK tokens