why do you tards hate proof of work
It wastes energy.
We're NEETs.
environmentcentralization
Upvote and retweet
It's massively inefficient
BUY SOLAR COIN NOOOOOW
there's tons of energy availableenvironment?
?>centralizationcentralization of mining isn't really a problemthat's a good thing
I don't hate it
if you don't think thousands of GPUs running on full power isn't bad for the environment and energy consumption, I don't know what to tell you.
they're using hydropower, how is that bad for the environment?
There is no real advantage.
they don't know what proof of work is or how incentives work
this
They're not.
Most mines run on cheap coal.
centralization of mining isn't really a problemI can't wait for Proof of Space and Time
If your coin has a Proof-of-Tether (PoT) concept then your coin goes up to the milky way.
source on that?
the majority of miners in china and those use hydropower https://www.investopedia.com/news/importance-chinese-hydropower-bitcoin-ecosystem/what's wrong with it?
you can verify network rules running a node, as long as there's no 51% attack which is still not a huge problem
because we're all NEETS, and despise work
that is cherry picking.
hydropower only represents 20% of china's power grid.
every kWh is at the moment at least 70% coal powered.
bitcoin mining doesn't use the average of china's power, it's based in sichuan, not places with huge population like hebei.
if they didn't take the power from sichaun, then sichaun could conceivably transfer that electrical power to a neighboring province so they have less reliance on coal.for a fair view, every electrical use is powered by 70% coal in china.
that's not how it works, sichuan had leftover power from so much hydro energy and is nowhere near shanghai/hebei/jiangsu/fujian/guangdong where people live
you can export electricity you know that right?
I'm in EE, I know very well how power grids work.
If it was so easy to export they wouldn't mine in sichuan, they would just "export" the power to hebei right?
there's tons of energy availableWhat is opportunity cost?
PoS will free-up all that energy to be used elsewhere, where it is actually needed.
it's not needed elsewhere, demand creates supply and there is near infinite sources of energy to use
centralization of mining isn't really a problemAre you fucking stupid?
It's a huge problem.
not really, nodes can verify network rules and at worst a 51% attack could give miners a few fraudulent coins, double spending would work against their interests by destroying the chain integrity
your appeal to authority logic is unsound.
perhaps sichaun has beneficial tax schemes or maybe the company has assets there?
who knows?
the fact remains if they didn't draw power from the grid there would be less demand for electrical output.
then whatever hydro electrical output generated in sichaun can be exported to neighboring provinces that are currently powered by coal.france exports 39 TWh of their excess power to other countries.
Why do you retards hate retards?
miners give zero fucks about the network of a cointhey mine whats most profitable to themand sell the coins instantly
they can't afford hashing power so they like to stake their shitcoins thinking PoS is worth a shit (its not)
nope, they're in sichuan because power is cheaper there.
it's cheaper there because the further you have to transfer power, it's lost as heat because power grids are far from perfect conductors.
france is MUCH closer to the rest of europe than sichuan is to where people need power in china.
there's tons of energy available?What does that even mean?
Energy will always be available as long as life exists idiot.
It doesn't mean you should use it more efficiently.
oh >>https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_major_power_stations_in_Sichuanmaybe if there didn't consume so much electricity in sichaun itself they could shut down these dirty coal plants?
It's a non-issue because you can always use supply more available energy, and of course I'm not talking about true energy but easily convertible to electric power, not from heat itself.
give me a break, the french can supply excess power to the swiss, english, italians and spaniards for a profit.
you mean to tell me the Chinese can't supply even the outlier neighboring provinces with hydro power?
chinese government plans for more renewable energy will anyway, higher demand will increase their investment.
coal isn't that bad either anyway.
those provinces already have power
PoW with increasing difficulty is like doing a fuckton of math equations that are hard and long as heck because you refuse to use the calculator sure you can do it but is it efficient ?
which they could divert further eastwords to the coast if they allot the grid properly.
why are you so thick?
do you not even understand the concept?
hydro powers the closest province, in turn those provinces shift their grid further east to power other area's.
you can divert the grid as you please.
this is not even a answer, the point is mining takes up power and produces emissions.
sichaun does not produce 100% renewable energy and if not for the electrical consumption, you could close down the coal burning plants
mining doesn't produce emissions itself and hydropower is not efficient if they have to transfer it thousands of km in a power grid to use it, you have to realize the chinese care about profit.
pollution isn't really a problem anyway so there's no reason to shut down coal plants.
if a coin isnt proof of stake, its dead to me
>work
I don't even know how Cryptos work I just wait for them to start going up in price and buy
>why does a website full of autistic gigaNEETs hate work
4488741Because I can't be assed to set up a fancy mining rig.
But it's easy to just buy coins and stake on a VPS.
you really retarded.
mining uses electricity which does not causes emissions.
hydropower does not produce emissions.
however sichaun uses coal powered plants to generate electricity.
if you didnt have the mining that is drawing up power, then there would less reliance on coal power, less reliance on coal power means you don't fucking need to burn as much of it you dumbass.
and as i stated before you can divert electrical power eastward and have the next province do the same, in the end 70% of the power generated in china is coal, im sure if they reduced their reliance on electrical consumption there would be less need to burn fucking coal.
BTC and BCH duking it out over minershit and almost crashing both coins not even a week ago>Doesn't see how that's not an issue.
like I said before, the 70% figure doesn't matter because power is used what is produced locally, the further you transfer it's worth watts.
there's nothing wrong with coal anyway.
for a EE you really are fucking retarded.
what country are you from?
i want to know which magical land of retards can hatch such a fine specimen.>> there's nothing wrong with coal anyway
Hungary