The ICO finished yesterday.It's happening guys !!!
they are updating the website as we speak !
!coins selling under ico price with secret EtherDelta linkhttps://etherdelta.com/#0x017188526374f723ec66509ea0c44dd797a33c84-ETHBe quick goys, if you want a 100x moon mission buy anything you can up to 0.0002>exchange listing next week>standalone wallets due out next month>torrents 3.0 to be released in January
Lol k.Updating the website or taking it down because the scam is finished?
>paying for torrents tokenhaahaahaaahaahaaaahahahhaahhaahahahahhahaahaahahahahahahahahahahahahhahhahahaaahaahaaahaahaaaahahahhaahhaahahahahhahaahaahahahahahahahahahahahahhahhahahaaahaahaaahaahaaaahahahhaahhaahahahahhahaahaahahahahahahahahahahahahhahhahahaaahaahaaahaahaaaahahahhaahhaahahahahhahaahaahahahahahahahahahahahahhahhahaha*inhales*aahaahaaahaahaaaahahahhaahhaahahahahhahaahaahahahahahahahahahahahahhahhahahaaahaahaaahaahaaaahahahhaahhaahahahahhahaahaahahahahahahahahahahahahhahhahahaaahaahaaahaahaaaahahahhaahhaahahahahhahaahaahahahahahahahahahahahahhahhahahaaahaahaaahaahaaaahahahhaahhaahahahahhahaahaahahahahahahahahahahahahhahhahahaaahaahaaahaahaaaahahahhaahhaahahahahhahaahaahahahahahahahahahahahahhahhahahaaahaahaaahaahaaaahahahhaahhaahahahahhahaahaahahahahahahahahahahahahhahhahahaaahaahaaahaahaaaahahahhaahhaahahahahhahaahaahahahahahahahahahahahahhahhahahaaahaahaaahaahaaaahahahhaahhaahahahahhahaahaahahahahahahahahahahahahhahhahahaaahaahaaahaahaaaahahahhaahhaahahahahhahaahaahahahahahahahahahahahahhahhahahaaahaahaaahaahaaaahahahhaahhaahahahahhahaahaahahahahahahahahahahahahhahhahahaaahaahaaahaahaaaahahahhaahhaahahahahhahaahaahahahahahahahahahahahahhahhahaha
If they were taking it down it, wouldn't be under maintenance it would be gone.This is on their roadmap.
It is a scheduled event.
I made all this money trading FENX on tradesatoshi
NO PIRATED CONTENT ALLOWED
allowed>"decentralized"wow this coin is even worse than i thought
Lmfao.
What makes you thin they wouldn't they have free torrents also?I put a couple of hundred into this shitcoin, newfags don't know shitcoins make money when they hit exchanges.
Can we still buy this?
god damn eitherdelta's UI is such a pile of shit.
secret EtherDelta link>https://etherdelta.com/#0x017188526374f723ec66509ea0c44dd797a33c84-ETH
https://discord.gg/c87CJ8B https://discord.gg/c87CJ8BJoin the discord.
it only was started yesterday and already has over 30 members
I think I'll email the devs.
I was thinking the same thing.
I emailed the devs and they said I could purchase the coins directly from them.
ico just finished bro.
If you want coins under ico there is a couple of eth worth of sell orders on ED real cheap.
How is this listed?
The dev (eric) said that it wasn't supposed to be listed on the exchanges for 2 weeks.
I'm about to send the dev a couple of eth now.
.000 FENX SOLD @ .000000190 >THAT ORDERBOOKR.I.P, it was good while it lasted
Never count your chickens before they hatch bro.You are going to wish that was your buy order in a couple of weeks.
https://warosu.org/biz/thread/4464042is this 'secret' ed legit?
I thought the code would be FENX not Feenix ??
ED link is legit.
Can confirm that is the real fenx contract address.