Read, understand and feel the fomo.Ripple went from 200 mill to 15 bill because of 2 partnerships with banks.https://www.swift.com/news-events/press-releases/swift-tests-show-blockchain-has-potential-for-global-liquidity-optimisationCheap links for sale @ 2060 satoshi right now by some retard
Going to be so many pink wojaks the day it moons and people are caught with their pants down daytrading it
Source ?
Priced in
I give up trying to explain this to people.
Looking forward to the wojacks.That said, I’m still holding XRP from 5 cents and will probably keep holding LiNK after it does moon.
I’m committed to holding all my shot through 2018, unless I hit a mill I’ll cash out half.
SWIFT partner with LINKWhat the fuck is this thread?
Is there anyone on this board who doesn't know that Swift is incorporating LINK into its system?
That's like the only reason this coin even stood out from the other shitcoins in the first place.
Everyone fucking knows about Swift, how is this news?
That's a different thing.
Link will be the thing that brings all of Swifts blockchain projects together but it isn't Link being talked about.
Daily reminder that LINK is tanking
Daily reminder that you LINK eternal baghodler who will get JUST'd for the rest of the times
Should I just dump my 600k+ investment and come back later?
ripple, competitor with swift and has a working tech.
ripple has just signed a partnership with aramex.
swift is doomed, so link...
This is a reminder that it will happen in december 2017 and not next year.
linkies BTFO
thanks for the reminder.
but this is why most people here bought it in the first place
buy high sell lowNo.
Even though LINK will probably tank more, you're better off just holding at this point.Let this be a lesson, /biz/ shilling != potential
Idk about the dumb meme I've sold at loss and recovered before easily because I can move a large amount of capital.
This shit won't be done until next year why would I continue to bleed until summer
I know but most were expecting results @sibos while the correct dates for these results with LINK will be in DECEMBER 2017Just imagine , ripple went from 200mill to 15 bill in one week.
That’s x75.Link will do the same that is a x250 right here staring at you, and it will all potentially happen next month.
You're rational at least.
Ok that's a decent point.People talk about February being the "moon" month for LINK but haven't explained why.If that was the case, holding until Feb wouldn't be terrible.
If it's longer, I'd probably get over it too.
So... priced in?
4398706>I know but most were expecting results @sibos while the correct dates for these results with LINK will be in DECEMBER 2017>Just imagine , ripple went from 200mill to 15 bill in one week.
That’s x75.>Link will do the same that is a x250 right here staring at you, and it will all potentially happen next month.Ripple also has 100 + banks using their platform and their price has actually dropped.
It's gone down this year actually even with all the good news.
Guys I hold Link but swift doesn't mean it's instant moon mission.
Nothing will happen in DECEMBER.
The team has stated Q2 2018/ summer of 2018 as the time frame for when the main-net will be up.
Rent free in our head Starting to go a bit crazy though
i thought LINK was maymay
You know what’s even better than 100+?
11 fucking K banks The team won’t announce anything, BUT swift will announce it in december .Buy now and don’t fomo in near the news when its already at least x2
usingDeluded.
Being signed up to their shitty babysitters pony club and actually using it for all vostro nostro payments are two different things.
What if swift gets cold feet and backs out
You delusional linktards keep holding while bitcoin continues to surge.
When BTC hits $10k and link is under 5 cents Ill throw a couple crumbs your way lol.
Learn to trade loosers
Yeah sure.
Swift is just gonna roll over and let Ripple fuck it in the ass.
Then you tried but I know one thing - losing money on LINK won't feel half as bad on missing out.
please be truetaken from the swift raport
I'm buying every dip on this shit.
Poorfag here with 1.6K LINK , a-am I going to make it ..
It's true and has nothing to do with Link.
why not?
it says about data distribution and security of the data providers, chainlink is doing that
What if there is no partnership.
No nda.
No hope.
What if this entire to thing was just Sergey rubbing money over himself.
You bet your ass you will Marine
So we know that swift is going to use SOME coin to bind all their blockchain projects together but there's no guarantee it's going to be LINK if there's an alternative out there.
Swift has resources, could they develop a proprietary version?
Is there something out there that does what LINK does and might stand as a competitor?
We have to pin these down before going in.
Its blockchain tech in which the people related to the transaction are the only ones with the information.That isn't Link.
Have you read the white paper?You use LINK tokens to run a fucking node.
You can't just use any old coin.
Jesus Christ.
You are literally delusional of you think all of Swifts customers will use link Seriously delusional
Customers won't use Link you moron.
Swift (and others) will use Link to pay node operators and move data across the blockchain.
OH my god.
You think users will use LINK?
DELUDED.
I went all in on Link.
If it doesn’t moon, I may very well just kill myself.
I’m tired of life.
If Link doesn’t work out I will pull a Nicholas Cage in Vegas.
I get it man.
But don't worry.
We moonin'.
>SWIFT’s DLT PoC started in April 2017 and will conclude in November 2017, with the final results available in December.I-its not going to be link right?
Its a shitcoin right?
Please tell me it isnt link so i can kill my bagholding delusion
4399828SWIFT>Selective data distribution ensures that data is only stored on peers having a stake in the transaction guaranteeing data CONFIDENTIALITY>Only way to do this is by encryptionChainlink Whitepaper> If USER-SC is a contract for financial trading, Req could leak information about a user’s trades and portfolio.>To protect the CONFIDENTIALITY of Req, we can require that data in Req be encrypted under a (public key) belonging to ORACLE.https://link.smartcontract.com/whitepaperTELL ME AGAIN WHY THIS ISNT CHAINLINK
I only buy coins after they moonBuy high, sell low.