"Hi, Teeka's one-day-only live Q&A is about to begin at 8pm (ET).
Don't miss a single minute!
"Last time Teeka did this (early Nov), he HINTED at ZEN.
ZEN's price doubled in a few minutes.Seems people are already betting on FCT this time.
I pointed hits out earlier, got accused of shilling, and shrugged.Now I'm up 20%.I don't think it's too late if we see the kind of growth as ZEN saw.You missed out on the low prices (and you deserve to for accusing me of shilling when I'm trying to help you out), but I don't think it's too late to still make a decent XX or XXX% (if we're lucky).
WOW, Looks like at least a few whales agree with me!
I don't give a fuck how it's done, but I hope this gets pumped into the stratosphere.
alrighty boiz looks like im going to have no more btc left... im gonna go long on this one.
I'm gonna check it out!
still pretty early desu.
where can I find the Q&A?
nvm figured it out
www.TeekaTraining.comYou have to register but it's free.Even if I'm wrong about FCT it seems whales are betting on it, and there's also rumors about him featuring it more strongly soon.By the way, leaving this image here to pre-empt any FUDers who think I'm completely off base in thining that Teeka might start going HARD on shilling FCT (this was written recently.)
you can just use any old email address.
i just made one up
I know people in PBC and they are livid over their content leaked and stolen.
They hatched a plan a few weeks ago to produce countless fake leaks to throw people off.
It's even been said they are doing it in a way to inflict massive damage to those who act on the leaks.
Look for 3-4 leaks of 'official' documents, look for those coins to pump but then completely crater when the real docs are distributed.
You have been warned.
Your Factom and $20 will be instantly $8 soon.
looks like he is forcing a smile lmao
That sounds super interesitng, but it would be strange in this case, considering Factom is one of the most legitimate projects in the crypto verse.If it went to $8, anyone with a brain would go balls deep.
No but I did look at the price and noted it around after the equifax hack.
The price at that point was $28.78
Yeah, hard fork and BTC's rampage have given us a great discount on Factom.
4385753PBC subscriber hereFCT is one of his buys up to 20 bucks i think its still a buy at current prices.
And is a fucking amzing buy I need to buy 2k bucks worthAlso to you leakers expect CIA level shit to expose leakers.
Things like watermarked pdf docs.
Wording that is slightly different depending where and who you are on their list and shit tons of other methods I am completely ignorant of.If you leak Screenshots from now on expect your sub to be cancelled and refunded with a perma ban.
It's actually a buy up to $50
Also, thanks for the warning!
it's a buy up to $15 you retard
w/e Ive been reading his old posts over the last week.
Regardless its still a buy at the current price as its supidly useful based on my own experience with PPW.
Bills of lading for transport alone are stupidly high demand use for this coin
I don't get it, are you just too lazy to double check or what?
He's wrong anyway, against your advice, I posted a screenshot.
see post above (up to $50)
Do you still think PBC is worth the price?
Hi Tweeka, you little Pajeet.
Whatever, you idiots convinced me.
Let's see what this motherfucker can do.
I know its got good tech but I need to get in on this jump with 25k
Im going to uniformaly position my size 14 up your tight pink hairless asshole you little faggot.But srs dont hate cause you dont have a sub
Lets do it
Are you fuckin stupid?
People leak it and make thousands doing so, every single pick sky rockets.
Ofc it's fucking worth it you autist jfc
I was already holding some fct, if this shit skyrockets like his other picks, I'm gonne be fucking rich
FCT is one of the most amazing projects out there and it's incredibly undervalued right now.You normies won't get it.
DYOR and you will see the light.
Last time with Ripple people who bought at the last minute after he released the coin got dumped hard.
I thing I'm going to pass.
I don't think the dumpers were teekas people, but other bag holders.
Look at zen buy volume before pump and at Ath, barely anyone who bought sold.
Yeah, Ripple and BAT are fcking cursed.
Don't chase XRP or BAT hype unless you are reayd to sell EARLY.But I'm going hard on FCT.
At the very least, it doesn't seem to have any problem going to 300K+ for no reason at all.
So the fact that it has Palm Beach association is just a bonus.
kek look at the order book, you guys fuck up things fast
is it FCT or POWR???
It's fct you fucking bing bong
thank u sir, i am a dumb shit
Been meaning to buy FCT for a while now.
Has a tangible use and can work on (to my knowledge) any blockchain.
Quite a way off its ATH too.BUT I don't trust Palm Beach.
Not a huge deal of volume, looks PNDish imo
It's far from ath, believe me.
so why isn't it pumping smfh
He already shilled FCT in a previous newsletter retards
look at POWR order book, its taking a really bad hit, my money is on FCT 100%, but like you said it is not pumping.
he shilled zen like 5 times fuckface
its SLR.
It's at like 60% of its all time high, which came when alts were going crazy.
Should have got in at $12 a couple weeks back, but fuck it, I've done alright holding other stuff.
..Eh?
I thought I was done wiht this thread, but I studied FCT A LOT before posting here, and gotta correct this.It's ATH was in the summer of this year.
.0147~ Currently at about .0027.It's at like 20% of it's all time high.I agree though, summer prices were a bit of an outlier.So if we look at its peak in September, right before China bad news, hard fork, and BTC beat it into the ground, we still have a peak of over .007, which is almost 3X current price.Just go to a 1d chart and zoom out.
This is near low point still and will be until it goes up at least 50%.
why would this coin be the pbc pick?
this is out of nowhere and has nothing to do with the hints hes given
Basically, Here are a few theories:a) Teeka seems to have "uncanny" timing for refreshing recommendations right before big news hits (he started talking about Factom again very recently)b) In issue he made with new subscribers in mind, he pushed XRP, ZEN, and FCT.c) He is currently poaching for new subscribers.
He will need to steer them to his recommendations that aren't over his "buy up to price".
FCT is the TOP candidate for that, because it is so far under his buy-up-to, AND a long term hold (meaning he really believes in it).There is NO other long term hold that he recommends that fits this criteria other than STEEM, but he's been way more excited about FCT than STEEM lately.
is is FCT??
He literally LITERALLY said the next on is a solar blockchain...
No, not quite.
Not at all.What he said is he will be talking to a solar project and he "looks forward to reporting on that".He didn't say it would be this month.And you know what?
People already pumped POWR SLR etc.I don't think he wants a repeat of ZEN.
It would piss off his subscribers, and he was already apologizng last month.Even if he wants to do a solar project, it makes sense for him to delay itThere are a lot of signs pointing to FCt as A POSSIBILITY.
Enough that I think that even if it's wrong, there will be a hype train we can take advantage of.I'm invested in both FCT and POWR though.
don't get me wrong.
But guess what's been making be better returns right now?
FCT.
$FCT still going to the moon!It may be slow right now, but stay in.
BOUGHT AT 14$ AND 11$ BIAAAATCH
GAD DAMN FAK YEAH BITCHES, STILL 20$ TO GO
PBC is like,"Whats a coin with decent fundamentals that has not mooned for awhile" : the report
Lets do this!
Awww, look at the adorable PnD group shill Factom on both reddit and biz.
If you buy in, you deserve to lose money.
what are we waiting for again?????
Look at the chart for FCT, including its historical highs and lows, do some actual fucking research on the project.then ask yourself how you can seriously post this with a straight face.
Because it's a PnD.... That's how.
Factom is #36 in market cap.
May as well call posts about OMG or whatever pump and dumps then.Pump and dumps target small cap coins that they can manipulate.
You can't manipulate something like Factom without A LOT of money, twitter followers, etc.There's no point in shilling high market cap coins on biz, reddit, etc.
IMO.
Who cares don’t buy it if you don’t like it.
I got a feeling it’s going up so I’ll take a chance for now