>made $5k last week on crypto>finally quit my min wagecuck job>parents mad i'm unemployed even though i was making $50/dayshould i tell them how much im making in crypto?
No.50 k next.
nobut remember you don't have money until you sold
dont tell them
You are gonna regret that fuckhead
Don't interfere with natural selection anon.
This is OPs decision
why will i regret quitting hard labor wagecuck job for $50 a day when i dont have any expense and have enough trading crypto to make it?
Live the dream son.
Don't look back.
because you don't have the money yet?and holy shit, you think $5k is a lot?you think you can live with $5k in the bank forever?are you 12?
shhhhh
There's still better uses of your time than crypto as a main source of income.Atleast employment is good on your CV for future.
Though of course you can just lie.
'I made $20k on crypto' will mean nothing to future employers really.
kek, you need a few million to not do anything for the rest of your life, not even joking.
And that is if you are actually willing to spend that fortune.A better way to go around it is looking for passive income like property (renting), vending machines, casino's, gas stations, ...
when BTC goes to $500k I can retire.Yeah I don't have a lot :(
no and this
yout think you can make $50/day consistently for the next few years you fucking retard?
I think he was making that from the job, which he considers too little compared to his $5k
All it takes is one good trade a week/month to double your stack.
Of course you really need to know what you're doing.
all it takes is one bad trade and you loose 90%
what do u mean?
i made $50/day wagecuckingi said i made $5k... not that i only have $5k,
so how much you got?
4265352my bad, thought it was $50/day from cryptostill, good luck making $5k per week consistently, at least wagecuck for a couple more years, what the fuck are you gonna do with your time now?
you don't have enough fuck you money yet to do whatever you wantand it can take one bad trade to negate a couple decent/good trades, and I'm pretty sure nobody on this board really knows what they're doing (myself included)
Are you just that stupid?
You are happy you made some bucks on recovery days because of canceled segshit2x fork after bleeding for months thinking you can reliably reproduce this again and again?
pretty sure nobody on this board really knows what they're doingThere are lots of people who know what they're doing lol.
Still a lot of shitcunts.
I know what I'm doing, that's why I only hold BTC
think of my option, i will either wageslave or i will trade crypto and do my best to make it out.
if i fail at least i will have tried
so how much do you actually have
Basically what I'm doing.. Get rich or wagecuck trying
Ofcourse they're mad, they see a job different, it gives you a sense of ''direction'' and '''discipline'' and ''good for the resumé'' whilst really they're old and don't understand that whilst they were working their ass of some dude in an office was making millions flipping IPO's
is crypto in a bubble?
- the thread
Never tell anyone, seriously.
Everyone in my family thinks I'm broke/unemployed and doing contract work to contribute (wife is still employed).Feels good drinking fine champagne whenever I feel like it
My man.
Car washes and laundromats ftw