The KING MONERO
About to make the ATH our bitch, Koreans pumping it
scarface (1983) would definitely use Monero not bitcoin
It's pretty funny because no matter how high it goes it's called fucking MONERO HAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHHAHAHAAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAAHHAHAHAHAHAHI just can never take it seriously even if I wanted to.
eyo you dissin Monero pandejo?
It's like the worlds fastest car being called *shit box* it can never just HAHAHAHAHUEHAuhaeuhaeHUAUHAUEHEUEAUEA
When I think of monero I think of monaro I like the name Monero gonna buy me a monaro one day
4494152>Unique name that stands out from every bit[clone]>badYou could try a bit harder or just admit you didn't fill your bags yet
Not even a bad name lmao
yfw Monero was originally called BitMonero
got emOh boy that name they kicked around for like a month.
Really need to rethink my investments
No need to be so sensi, just pointing out how even based Monero was almost part of the [bit]clone naming scheme.
The name is fine.
The coin is great.
monero has the best name/branding in all of crypto
This.
The logo is sexy, the name has 'money' baked into it so normies accept it as legit, and it has competent devs and a real fucking use case.
Honestly it's the best actually currency coin out there right now.
monero is the only alt coin which has consistently gained against its btc pairingif you bought ltc/iota/eth/ark/qtum/etc with your btc and held you've been justdin ever situation except monero it would have been better to just hold bitcoinstop getting justd
Agree.
I think in the (very) early days it hadn't quite dawned on them the uniqueness that had landed in their laps.
I personally love the name Monero but then again I have been fluent in Esperanto to over a decade.
what other languages do you speak?
With whom do you speak to attain/maintain fluency?
I really like monero as a coin, but when do I buy in, rn doesn't seem like a good time
Sure you are, buddy
Literally the best name besides Bitcoin to me lolI guess it's subjective but this sounds like a butt post
Is it pronounced "Money-Ro" or "Mo-Ner-O"?
It's pronounced Moon-ero
the latter
Lots of new money is in the game, and when they see how Bitcoin is traceable, they will diversify into Monero.
It has started happening with some of the big BTC holders, a little at a time.
Volume is starting to ramp up; Monero always makes jumps and leaps up, then establishes a new floor.
Also Darknet markets are going to use this exclusively.
Would be the only crypto to survive if the government bans crypto.
It will be 10x or more this time next year.
Last year was the year for Eth, it's Monero's time to shine now.
The normies are going to come running, get there before they do
My ltc bags are heavy anon.I've held through the bch drama.I've held through the btc drama.I could have easy 5x me $$$, but I believe in LTC.
Help me stop getting just'd.
Litecoin is a shitcoin, will increase in value, but XMR will get to $1k before Litecoin gets to $300, can almost guarantee that.
Drop some bags boys, get in
lol litecoin costs LESS bitcoin than it did when Litecoin was at 3USD talk about getting justeduseless pyramid coin with that idiot charlie lee sitting on topprivate transactions soon muhatomic swaps muhfast transaction time muhmore like useless shitcoin
Should I buy 30 XMR or buy a rig that will yield me ~5 XMR a month?
Obligatory
How high do you think this bullrun will go?
Thinking of selling some gainz and rebuying the dip
Depends.
How cold are the winters where you live?
I love my mining rigs because in winter, it's like having a heater that also makes me money.
Power is spendy, it gets hot in the summer but its gonne be relately cool for the next 5 months
I think it's likely monero will test its ATH desu if u didnt sell at .020+btc a few weeks ago u should hold it should be there in a week or so
Holy shit it's mooning on bithumb
I can taste $200 within a week.
Went all in at $85, I am so fucking happy right now.
Only $10k initially but I'm gonna more than double that.
I fucking sold at $88
who in the 21 Monero club here?
Like 5 times over here
Is it worth buying 100 XMR, or keeping that in BTC?
xmr > btc
Actually been looking at this myself when I realized I have gained a ton but lost BTC overall.
This is accurate.
No other coin has outperformed BTC when you consider any legitimate length of time.
I grabbed 30 today because its all I could afford : /
I'd go half and half at least.
.3 Monero
xmr is flirting with $150 right now.
could we see another explosive upwards correction by the end of the year?
.
just about 1/2 a Bitcoin.
This coin will be the only one making it out of the tether drama
Should be at 800 EOY
As much as I'd want this to be, that's not happening.
$200-$300 though is very likely.
.348 Monero.
Not selling till $325.
This.
Big Time.
4496481Looking more and more likely for this week.
The test of the trend is happening right now and its the last chance to buy a dip before it continues its rise.
Goodluck, all.
4496467I'm thinking 2018 will be the year of monero> darknet completely embraces xmr after multisig> people finally start to appreciate fungibility as governments start more regulations and chain analysis> mobile and hardware wallets become availible> kovri???
Man it has so much momentum even the dip seems negligible
Between this and the fact that it's well-established and long-standing (low risk / high reward) Monero is an easy buy.
Wish I had more to put in
when kovri/i2p in 2018 is instituted buckle in
I've lost trading crypto more than I've gained these past 5 months.
The only correct answer I've realized is: I WILL NOT EVER FUCKING SELL MY MONERO until monero is number 1 and my 500 moneroi sets me up for life and retirement.
%.
Originally when I bought monero for long term I was thinking $1000 in 5 years.
I seriously think we'll be at or close to $1000 by the end of 2018.
It's going to be a great year for us.
BUY BUY BUY
Looks like the trend test is ending.Get ready for more gains lads.
about 1.5x the test height at a minimum.
reasons:what originally gave BTC value is it's very specific niche use case and that use case is rendered obselete by Monerowhen normies send their friends BTC and reveal there address they will soon realize they are inadvertently revealing the financial history they will buy monero
desu i prefer this coin anyway.
Only coin to fuck the banks and governmentAnd no i'm not a pedo
I mined 0.29 XMR and have $1300 to spend what do
4496683This.If you dont think corporations are going to use this then you are factually mentally deficient.
Also yeah, anybody selling anything illegal already uses it, but comparatively, thats small money
It's not to late!This venn diagram posted on biz actually encouraged me to look into monero more than a year ago Thanks biz!
Wow.
Checked support, and up we go.
That was quick!
lol.
Strapped in.
not going to lie, I thought it would take longer to test resistance...is there some news we dont know about?
this thing is flying up in price as if it was adopted by the government or some shit...
Seriously.
I bought BTC because I THOUGHT it was anonymous internet money.
It isn't if you view my bitcoin address and look throw it's logs you can cross reference where i sent and where i received and deduce my financial history with that informationif u think normies are willing to give out access to their account balance and financial history for a cup of coffee you are fuucking insaneask a friend to show you there bank statementsit wont happenbut send BTC it happens everytimewhen i sent money to a friend when i sent money to an exchange everythingMonero is ANON
Mass flight to Safety.
it is likely Kovri is near completion, GUI wallet incoming, Multisig being instituted
you're probably right.
never thought about the need for privacy like that...
Being able to look at every friend or co-workers purchases is... not something people are cool with.
"Hey guys, sally bought 2 BTC worth of dildos online"
Looks like Tether house of Cards is about to collapse.
Tether props up Bitcoin.
Tether implosion = Bitcoin implosion.
Bitcoin Implosion = Eth Implosion.
Eth Implosion= 86% of Alts Implosion.
During this time, Monero would tenx.
It's only Natural for people to buy in to Monero to wait it out while making mad gains.
thats why bitcoin will failthe second a friend sends me btc i look up his address online and see how he uses it you can find out a lot
all this, soon.
all the news should be out by or before the 27th.
yeah...Im actually incredibly unsure about BTC as a store of value now.Not going to lie, I didnt think Monero had a normie value until you brought that up.
I thought it would be mostly illegal online activity and corporations.Thanks for the food for thought, man.
It is going to affect how I trade from now on.
when Monero has multisig/kovri and a proper GUI wallet it will be better than bitcoin could ever beand no DNET market will continue to use BTC
when u r just sending money to internet anons no on thinks about BTCs open ledger implicationsthe second u start putting a face to your address u r revealing more information about your financial history than any normal human being is comfortable with
I second this.
Thanks biz.
yeah... this is actually massive.
Like mind blowing right now that I never realized this.gunna snag as much XMR as I can if it dips again.
NEO was my go to but after that announcement of an announcement shit, I'm done.
Does Monero even have publicity people?
Soon the true privacy king will rise!
this is the true crypto
no monero is supported by donations made by the communityno one is employed by monero and is is completely run by a community of true and reasonable crypto enthusiasts who donate to PHDs and devs to developgo to the monero subredditit is the least cancerous crypto reddit by far
we have had a GUI for awhile.
even have a pretty good android wallet.
just waiting on ios and hardware wallets
uh how would you know what he spends it on?
the address's are simply address's.
you don't even know who owns those or what they do.
oh, thats interesting.
Ill go check that out.
thanks again, anon.
it wont be hard to find out.
you spend money at taco bell and now you know their address.
that info will certainly be posted online and so you will literally be able to google what each transaction and find out what it was for.
no bueno, man.
Seriously this is the biggest thing for me.
In a shit show of coins which rely on marketing and speculation, Monero just gets shit done.
Fuck I love this coin.
uh what?
at the moment nobody is even required to 'register' addresses.
the only addresses people admit to are cold wallets.he could just send his bitcoin to another address you don't know about and spend from that wallet.
lol u r an iidiot u can google the btc address and if the wallet is operated by an online store it will show up in my search and i can put a face to that addressgoogle blockchain consultancy firms and analytics there are seriously multi million dollar corporations who are contracted by the government to cross reference btc addresses and put faces to themits called deduction
give me an example friendo.and if you are that paranoid, like i said, keep one wallet to store you bitcoins and another for spending.to the best of my knowledge, taco bell doesn't have one hot wallet to process all their bitcoin transactions.
Serious question.What do you think and especially what the deep web think about AEON?I'm not looking for a cheap Moreno, but it's actually almost the same thing.
and then you could see the wallet it was sent from and from there see all the transactions.
its a trail that you can literally follow.
just because an address isnt registered doesnt mean it wont be well known once crypto gets big.
yeah but you can't put a face to the wallet after he's sent it to another wallet.
you can only assume that's his but that would be logically irrational.
if he sends 5 btc to another wallet, you can assume he controls that wallet or you can assume he doesn't it's a 50/50.
how far do you want to go until you assume he doesn't control the bitcoins that are moving?
Do you even keep up with the news?Just a month ago a blockchain analyst connected/deduced neo nazis to a bitcoin address and then coinbase banned customers from sending btc to that address
ok here is an example.
this is all future tense obviously.
your neighbor goes to the sex store down on street x and street y, other people have gone to this store before, and because of that the address it receives funds at is already known.
this information will be online as all information eventually ends up.
Now, when your friend sends you $5 to pay you back for a drink, you have their address and can view all of its transactions.
you now know your friend frequents that sex store every wednesday.not good.
there is always a trail with BTC.
if he sends it to another wallet, you can see the wallet it was sent from, and once you see that wallet address you can see where else he moved his BTC.
still waiting on that example friendo.
4497150>alphabay_bust_document.jpg
how do you know he didn't spend that 5 btc on a company or paid someone else who controls the wallet?i don't want to be offensive but it's rather simple.
if i send 5 btc to another wallet, there is no way to prove that i own that wallet or it belongs to someone else.
like i said, it's a 50/50.
you can assume i control that wallet too, but how far down the line do you want to follow that 5 btc until you decide that i don't have control over every wallet it touches?
he gave you an example.
literally stopping a group from receiving money and they didnt announce they owned that address.
there is always a BTC transaction trail for every single movement of BTC.
I highly suggest you check this out, best wallet I have ever used for monero.https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.m2049r.xmrwallet&hl=en
https://www.chainalysis.com/
fuck u this is a scamuse mymonero.com or the hardware wallet
if you regularly send money to that other wallet, the fact that it regularly receives funds is seen too, making it obvious its also your wallet.
you would have to use a new wallet every few times.
The normal every day person isnt going to want to keep sending their BTC to new wallets and sucking up fees every time they want to make a transaction.
you could even look back 6 wallets and find out "oh all this money was sent from this company on friday, which is where my friend works.
Unless another co-worker regularly gives him thousands of dollars, all these wallets belong to him, and therefore all their transactions do too"
alphabay_bust_document.jpg>>https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AlphaBayhad nothing to do with bitcoin, more to do with his incompetence.at least give me a link or something that i can read.
Aeon; Designed to be stored and used on a phone.
Hello?
Mt gox?
Might be somewhat secure in 5 years of part time after thought Dev work.
Sorry.
https://www.chainalysis.com/a very large company who's sole purpose is to put a face to your bitcoin address read the fucking site
I dont have a link.
Im talking about if BTC was adopted by mainstream.
Mostly to demonstrate why it will be hard to have it become mainstream because of the privacy issues.
sorry if I have been confusing.
your reasoning is basically 'let's assume these are under his control and assume those aren't'.
that's a 50/50 and unreliable when you try to prove someone is in possession of something or not.
it's no better then a coin flip.
the point is you cannot prove someone owns an address unless they openly admit it.
otherwise you are making assumptions on top of assumptions.
Open source bro feel free to inspect:https://github.com/m2049r/xmrwallet
https://www.chainalysis.com/it can analyze the blockchain all it wants.
if you can't put a face to my address, you can't prove i own it.
furthermore, even if you can find out my IP, an IP is not a person.
connected to my own node scrubmonero to the moon
moneroujo is trusted by the monero community.
I have used it and it works great.
still have my xmr too
MONERO could literally go 50x from here.
you heard it here first bitches
It will see 1000$ before litecoin thats for sure lol
make a paper wallet with that kinda scratch anon
you are fucking delusionaldo you think a trillion dollar institution like the american gov is capable of pinning u down when every transaction is open and visible to the public?LOL
been in this for a while, I took the necessary precautions!
Run a light wallet>https://getmonero.org/resources/user-guides/remote_node_gui.html
Screencapped.
your appeal to authority fallacy is noted and LOL'd.the government can connect the dots with any string of addresses all it wants.
if they can't prove i own any of those addresses then the point is moot.
the onus is on them to prove i own it, not for me to disprove them.
can someone explain me this: 1.if monero is so anonymous as it claims to be, there is no way govts will allow for it to get widely adopted.
2. the anonimity has an inherently awful PRhow can this coin ever grow significantly with such obstacles.
or is it's primary value is in it's use case and I shouldn't bother with it if I want real gainz?
had nothing to do with bitcoin, more to do with his incompetence.His opsec sucked but the bitcoin transactions were just kerosene for the fire.
I'm not really sure what you're trying to argue here.
Opaque blockchain > linkable blockchain.
That's really all there is to it.
this is all u need just this
cold storage will always be more secure though.
i mean you willl probably be fine.
but that will be a lot of money in the future!
don't wanna leave any doubt
the opsec was the reason why he was identified and his servers were found, this lead to the blockchain which was incriminating but not the reason why it got him in shit.
if was additional evidence on top of shit that would've already sunk him.
got the new trezor t on order, should have integration with it pretty soon
When you cash out, that's when your identity will be linked with your bitcoin.
if they can't prove i own any of those addresses then the point is moot.
the onus is on them to prove i own it, not for me to disprove them.Instead of hoping that it's too much of a burden for them to prove, how about just make it mathematically impossible to prove by using Monero?Fine but if it were you, wouldn't you rather not have to disclose your assets (especially if they were illegal)?
Even after all that investigation, they still had no idea how much Monero he was in possession of, just that there had to be some.
Unless they torture the private keys out of him, those assets are his alone now.
cash is anon and governments allow it.
tor and i2p are still legal.
monero is unstoppable.
it is just software at the end of the day and any attempt to stop it will just cause a significant Streisand effect.idk what you mean by "real" gainz monero has been one of the most consistent gainers for 2 years
But incidentally it will not be connected to how I spent my monero
I remember seeing a leaked NSA report stating that all they can do to try and monitor/control monero is buy large amounts and just hold onto them.
Trying to find it.. Its somewhere in /biz/ archives but seems legit because it was from wikileaks.Monero is an actual problem for the NSA/FBI and they literally cannot do shit about it other than try control the market.We really need to accumulate more.
other than having your cover blown by giving up your ip address for a purportedly anonymous coin it's great
ah sir, all it takes is one stolen ID to bypass the KYC and AML protocols at any exchange.only a fool would exchange bitcoin, that you got from doing shady shit, to fiat without a disposable ID.
Do you guys think alcohol was less expensive because the gov made it illegal Lol
Non-issue.
Try reading something outside of the Verge subreddit.
shots fired
idiot you can easily tunnel monero through vpn or tor
having your cover blown by giving up your ip address Only people connected to nodes.
And this doesnt mean anything at all.
Transactions and balances still cannot be tracked or monitored or even tied to your ip address in any way, shape or form.But hey, at least the developers arent telling the world that they built backdoors specifically for the authorities, like a certain other 'privacy coin'.
So you would rather go through the trouble and risk of using a stolen ID rather than simply using Monero?
You wouldn't want to be too anonymous, now would you, goy?
if i were a criminal, yeah.
if you were a criminal, you would be caught pretty quick forging and using faked AML/KYC shit and playing with fiat.
yeah but after he got out of the slammer the government will watch over him for the rest of his life because they know he has access to crypto's.
good like cashing it out and spending it when the FBI are monitoring you for the rest of your life.
Fuck it, let's see how many more crimes I can commit.Pretty sure this is not how smart criminals operate.
you do realize identity theft is very effective and easy to do right?
So you would intentionally use the more difficult and riskier method that is not even guaranteed to work?
Once i got xmr on monerujo do i have to backup the wallet file or somethingOr is having the seed words written down good enough?
I wouldnt know Im not a criminal, Im just a shitcoin wizard
4497579lol, just use your own argument against why it would be trivial for him (or his wife) to get access to that Monero then?
Steal an ID or, more likely, make a deal with a buddy to help you cash it out in exchange for giving them a cut.
You're just digging a hole here.
how is it even riskier?
have you seen the exchanges AML and KYC protocols?
it's easy as fuck.
you don't even need see someone face to face like a bank does.
top right there is a view more option, get all the fine details, this wallet allows you to really get all the backup elements, view keys, and other stuff.
because if i get a buddy to do anything with me that's another fucking person in the world that i just did shady shit with.
i wouldn't rat myself out now would i?
if i tell anyone else then the possibility of getting ratted increases.
/10, I took the bait
Monero = tech backed by phds and leaders in the cryptographical spaceBTC = run by some cuck devout catholic who openly stated he would stop working on BTC dev if he was asked by the church or government
Waves is finishing testing on the Bitcoin-NG scaling protocol implementation.
It sucks that BTC community is stuck in a power struggle tugging each others dicks..
He's dead, hung himself after being caught.
Maybe there's a paper wallet
trips!Waves moon cometh
Dude comes into this thread to shill waves wtf idiot
call me what you want lolbe mad
Try www.shouldhaveusedmonero.xyz you will find plenty of examples
Real talk biz,Should I buy more now?
Or do you think there will be a dip sometime soon?
This guy.
Forensic science can link you to a crime by the tread wear pattern on your shoes.
Can get files off computers which have been in fires and under water or have been deleted.
And he thinks that the government couldn't connect him to a bitcoin address when every transaction is logged into a public and transparent ledger.
Ayy
1.
Better wallet2.
Kovri update (IP fix)3.
Transaction fee and timeFix in that order and shit will be huge
what more do you want out of a wallet??
I have used them all and they work just fine.
I prefer the cli version for the simplicity
also you can set the priority level of a transaction to low or 1 and the fees are not bad at all
Can get files off computers which have been in firesBullshit, if the physical medium has been warped and melted there's no way recovery software will be able to pull anything off a melted disc platter.
Even more so for SSD drives.
Monero doesn't scale, sorry to break it to yall
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jwbIZVlq-J4u r wrong
 lol scaling has been an issue for almost every cryptocurrency sorry to break it to you
The transaction fee is like 30 cents right now, are you so much of a pajeet you can't afford it?
probably thinks 'Ethereum' is a good name
I mean, to be completely honest, the size of Monero's blockchain, especially when it starts to conduct a serious number of transactions even just on par with Bitcoin now is going to be very significant
Ethereum and Zsnarks>tx fees roughly .01-.04 centssoon you won't have to bother with monero :)
LOL optional privacy is the most fucking idiotic means of sending a private transaction everyesterday he had 6 ethereum but now he has 5.75 and it doesnt show that he sent anythingi guess he sent it privatelyknowing someone did something private makes it not privateoptional anonymity is not anonymitykeep holding those ethereum bags u should have just kept your btc considering ETH costs as much BTC as ETH did when ETH hit 50usdhahaha
more like 10-40 centszsnarks are just a way to implement zero knowledge proofs in contracts, wont really work to make transactions fungible or private, you will still have the sending and receiving addresses and amounts public, and there would have to be a huge pool of users using one specific contract regularly to add any plausible deniability.
worth to invest ATH?
There's no reason to use Aeon over Monero.
Monero has the developers, the miners, and community support.
Aeon has nothing.
well its far from its ATH in BTC value if you're investing fiat prob not worth
B-b-but it's faster, mobile phone friendly a-and the dev behind AEON works on Monero too.No?
Aeon is essentially Monero's Litecoinwould u rather have bitcoin atm or litecoin?
It's like people forgot what gave bitcoin value in the first place
Aeon is not complete.
It is designed to be held and used on your phone.
GLWT getting MT Goxed.
What's the point in Monero when Zcash exists?
this is why: https://medium.com/@yobanjo/first-zcash-fork-in-the-making-ff2041b6c676scam fork coinmonero has been around and moving forward since 2014 who gives a shit about some hyped up scam coin thats a fork of a fork of a fork
wow he was right lol https://twitter.com/ThinkingUSD/status/932721036587442176
Monero can't scale doe.
they didnt forget they never knew in the first place
Yes it can.
It has a dynamic blocksize, retard.
Bitcoin can't scale.
Go ahead and shill your coin thats a fork of a fork of a fork of a forkmonero can scale and the fact that its having scaling issues makes it no different than ethereum and bitcoindid you read the article i provided?Zcash is a fucking scam that pays out the devs millions a month on the backs of investorsMonero is self funded by donations from the community since 2014
Well would you want to work for free?
Instead of relying on donations they just secured their position (the fact is they need money to actually work on the project and for marketing).
Remember a lot of coins are pre-mined or in the case of ICO's have 20-40% of the coins held by the devs.
At least in the case of zcash the devs don't get all the coins at once, giving them an incentive to actually continue to work on the project and to make the project succeed.
Please render a working link.
Interested.
Monero and all other coins arent resistant to the inevitable btc bubble burst.
And that bubble is popping soon, BELIEVE ME, OK?
The days of moon landings are over soon boys
“Zcash founders will make $858,916 per day without mining.”you think that's appropriate and not a scam?btw there's about to be another fork of Zcash because of thisno surprise get ready for Zwhateverthefuckcoinin comparison a volunteer with a PHD is looking to fund his work on monero through donations and is only asking for 35klol go fuck yourself
It's kind of different, because zcash has investment backing and more than 1 developer.
Also that figure doesn't seem accurate.
Currently the block reward is 10 ZEC and a block is found every 2 min 31 sec, therefore 572.33 blocks per day, which is 5723.37 ZEC.
20% of that is 1144.67 ZEC (or approx.
$343,402.22 per day at current valuation).Still a lot I agree, but it's not like it's all going into the personal bank account of 1 person who is sitting back doing nothing.
https://z.cash/blog/continued-funding-and-transparency.html
I didn't imply that it was one developer and monero has multiple developers they just aren't incorporated scam artists they are people who have PHDs and are passionate about the technical application of the product not PR and Marketing/Pumping there coin on speculationthey are honest hard working devs who understand bitcoins failings and are looking to improve it
zcash>privacypick one
If you've done nothing wrong you've got nothing to worry about.
I never do anything wrong its the people who want to take my money that do wrong
hahahaha awesome anonymity is not conditional if its actually anonymous
XMR is looking fucking TASTY right now
21 XMR crew checking in
btw who do you think pays for Zcash devs dumping millions of their coin a month onto the market to take profits?
the investor
That is why zcash will succeed though, the regulators won't destroy it.
FUCK IT just sold all my ZEC for XMR.
LOL dude give up are you a Zcash dev?
or did you just make a bad investment and wish u had bought moneroregulators cant even take down the pirate bayand why the fuck are you investing in a coin that provides anonymity you think it's use should be regulated?
seriously go fuck yourselfgoodluck on Zthemillionthforkshitcoin
I never bought any ZEC I just had a bunch from mining.
sure sureyou made a bad decision just sell your ZEC like the anon above for XMRall you are doing by holding it is providing the devs the opportunity to make more money because you've limited the supply with your foolish iron grip
That anon is me, check the ID.
I can admit when I'm wrong please forgive me.
Well forget Monero I'm hoping Maid is gonna correct back to 0.0015 senpai.
Bought the dip
well played
I had enough of LINK and BTC drama.
Time to get out of the red.
Monero was always good to me, time to get back to da roots...
love monero butits best chance is mass adoptioncoz it can't really touch ZenCash overall for tech and privacy and security of networkbut it has marketing and there is room for bothi will hodl both till the end of days
MAID already corrected back to $.10Its called Substratum, the MAID killa
While you're at it, you should quit saying stupid shit like this
a look another ZFORK shill
Sorry it was a joke, i should have added /s.
ZenCash ZClassic ZCash ZFORKjesus u idiot you really think ZenCash a scam that was forked into a scam that was forked into a scam is really worth hodling?
drop your bag assholebetter tech?
LOL better privacy?
LOL
Lads, do you think it will be better to hold BTC or XMR over the next few weeks?
I'm really positive on Monero but am wondering if BTC would be better short term due to the CME futures and Big Bang Theory shit in December.
I hold half BTC and half XMRXMR is the onnly alt that consistently goes up against its btc pairingas i said earlier if u bought lightcoin at 3usd with btc years ago u paid more for it than u'd pay in btc todaymust alts just JUST u if u holdXMR does not
 days ago sold 3/4 of my btc for xmr, now I sit on 70% xmr and 20% btc
Nothing wrong with hedging your bets, never go all in.
You still would have done pretty well if you bought litecoin with BTC at $3.
in Summer 2015 if u bought ltc with btc you would have paid .017btc today you pay .0085121thats called getting justd you lost 50% of the bitcoin u invested
its the only one I was able to mine, I think it is well designed and easy to get into.
It has a good hash rate and can be anon.
All these things make it attractive to me.
LTC has been worth more than 0.017 since summer 2015, during one of its bull runs early this year it went over 0.02.
Anyway thinking of potential BTC you would have lost is a bit retarded, would you be upset if you invested in a stock that went up 5x because you could have invested in a stock that went 7x?
Maybe but you would still be fucking happy that you 5x.
it will soon faggot
if you bought btc to have btc and then traded that btc you were holding to buy ltc u got fuckedu should have just held bitcoinyou trade in BTC u should care about how much BTC you gained or lostif you trade in usd you should care about how much usd you gained or lost
Do your trading decisions always net you the most possible profit?
Do you hate yourself for only making 5x instead of a potential 6x?
Obviously you want to make as much as possible but no one has a crystal ball and ultimately it is smart to not go all in to 1 coin.
Mi tute ne mensogas... kaj jes la nomo Monero estas bela, ĝi estas la REĜO, kaj via kapo estas plena je fekaĵo.
ill agree with you that you cant be always make the optimal decision but u got into this because of bitcoin bitcoin grew in value because it is a borderless decentralized asset as such it is the benchmark i make trades on not USD
AN UNKNOWN AMOUNT OF MONERO
As it should be
The benchmark is XMR.
that may be the case soon enoughXMR is what i thought BTC was when i bought it
Sometimes I imagine a world where BTC is the world's money and Amazon knows absolutely everything about everyone since they have the transaction data of most of the world's suppliers and customers.
Their blockchain analysis is unrivaled and they exert a kind of power never before seen in history.
we know xmr is greatbut its stupid to be an ignorant ass and call zencash a scamit's breathtaking and will never be adopted for the same use case as moneroit will be used by governments and the most private of transactionsthe end bitch
You kids and your goofy ass Z-whatever coins
Seriously
What are your thoughts on Dash?
Sorry sir but that is not the case.
There's no use for a currency with optional anonymity.
Just tumble your Bitcoins.
Why would governments use ZenCash?
If they were tying to hide funds they'd use XMR.
Where do all these ZFAGS come from that shit is a scam.
Is this a serious question?
Might as well ask me about Bitconnect
GUYS FOMO IS TAKING OVER.
I REALLY WANT TO BUY IN.
$200 INCOMING
Buy in faggot, 300 in 2 weeks
Well it is the other big privacy coin and it is doing better than Monero right now.
This is music to my ears however any reason for this?
Any evidence to prove it?
I hold both of these....
Dont wait to buy at the top.
That is how you get JUST’d
It's not a privacy coin, it's a masternode ponzi scheme.
Rebecca?
Why are the Korean's buying it up like crazy then?
Because ponzis are actually profitable, but it will fall apart eventually because it literally has 0 use cases
Because most people are tired of scams and this idiotic bitcoin civil war.
Monero is what crypto should be.
What BTC should be...
zCash sucks, i won't buy itzenCash on the other hand... i hold XMR and ZEN all day
Nice, bought 7 XMR and already going green
Except Monero couldn't handle the volume BTC has.
It's over anyway, Bitcoin got segwit, BCH will slowly bleed out after this weekend when no weekend pump happens and Bitcoin gold is a flop.
you know nothing about ZenCash then
Says it correctly within 10 seconds here, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ICbs5Vs2-Vg
I have 2ltc and around .05btc and .35xmr.
Would a poorfag like me have more luck just putting all of it in xmr
WE MOONING NOW BOYS.
I think I'm just going to hodl, sick of fucking up market timings, also Bittrex's 0.04 extraction fee is retarded and I don't want to go through it again.
MOON HOLE PLEASE.
This is true, but how exaggerated is it?
Doesn't bitcoin use different addresses for every transaction?
There should still be SOME disconnect there right?
Or am I misunderstanding exactly how shit BTC is?
I'd probably hold the Bitcoin but Litecoin is obsolete trash.
I'd sell it.
Charlie is a loud mouth who set up litecoin in 2 hours and somehow got Coinbase to shill it.
It has no use case other than being having a faster transaction time than Bitcoin.
recommends mymonero over the official cli coldwallet
Why would you use Bitcoin over Litecoin for daily purchases?
I mean, you can look up all transactions that have been made with a wallet address, right?
Stratis Tumblebit will make Bitcoin truly anonymous, rendering Monero useless.
You would use litecoin but if you'd use litecoin to buy coffee it'd be cheaper and quicker to buy it with ETH.
So why would you use litecoin?
Yes, but a wallet isn't a single address.
A wallet is a collection of completely random addresses that you control through a deterministic seed.
But no one other than you would ever know that those addresses are part of the same wallet as long as you don't crossover transfers and only use new addresses.BUT you can probably seriously narrow it down through over/underspending because of change addresses etc.
I dunno how bad it is, but it's not as bad as some people are saying.
I still think BTC is shit and XMR is infinitely better at the job but I feel like some people here think a wallet = address, true for XMR, not for BTC.
Why would it be cheaper and quicker to use Eth?
In my experience LTC transactions are much cheaper and faster.
Anyway Ethereum isn't a currency.
Also it appears the koreans are pumping all the privacy coins, Zcash has started moving upwards now.
:Litecoin is stable
It is faster and cost less Litecoin to Bitocin is what silver is to gold!
Litecoin is set to gain and rise in value as well
Litecoin is objectively better than Bitcoin and has been around longer than any other alt coin.
It has proven itself to be an excellent store of value over the past months with it being less volatile than Bitcoin.
It has excellent network security/efficiency due to it being mined by ASIC's, and it has Charlie Lee.
What's not to love about LTC?
I have a feeling LTC will be pumped up to a new ATH soon too (mining profitability is going down due to the market being flooded with ASIC's).
44971034497171This isn't how it works.
If done properly then a new address is generated by the website for every customer or transaction.
And if the user is managing their wallet correctly then you shouldn't be able to simply 'see the wallet and all its transactions'.
Bitcoin is shit but this isn't how it works.
If done properly then a new address is generated by the website for every customer or transaction.Forgot to mention, this is actually necessary because otherwise there's no way to know who paid what.
Generating a new address per transaction in bitcoin is done (among other reasons) for the same reason Monero has transaction IDs.
Ethereum isn't a currency.Bitch please.
Cigarettes aren’t currency but they are in prison.
There is no correlation between XMR and BTC.
It can anon, problem is blocksize.
But I do agree, Monero is not ready yet for main stream adoption.But it will be eventually and will compete with BTC for sure.
Just took the #8 spot on CMC.
God damn I love XMR
It may be slightly exaggerated but I think most experts in criminology and academic researchers, as well, have learned that you take down bad actors and or political opponents buy following the money.
I'm sure you've heard that term before; "follow the money."
With BTC you can send the transactions through loops and hurdles but the block chain is public.
The money can always be followed.
You might make it difficult or hard but it can.
Companies have large government contracts and grants to analyze the blockchain and put a name to specific addresses.
not a currency
Well it's a valid point.
no you are right i was just trying to make the point that that line of argument could go from ltc to eth to neo to gas and blah blah ltc is not very fast in comparison to the latter
It's fast enough, and will have lightning soon.
im sorry i understand people have emotional attachments to coins but i sold my ltc because a) it was costing me btc b) charlie lee is an idiot c) in a world full of "new cutting edge technology" it seems unreasonable to hold onto a coin that was literally created just as a parody/homage to bitcoin and nothing elselitecoin may see gains but it doesnt have a very promising future
have i missed the monero train?
Using ETH as a currency would be like using oil as a currency.
if you're willing to hold probably not but short term who knows this is an ATH in fiat but not in BTC
Esperanto
>had a position at 0.0152 a few days ago>sold because I didn't want to get JUST'd once BTC decided to go for the 8k penetration bullrun Whatever I do, I can't escape the justing
I don't understand.
It's so fucking easy.
Just hold the damn XMR and forget about it.
Easiest and most guaranteed money ever made.
fucking agreed i have a fair amount of XMR and I can promise you one thingI won't be sellingXMR is what BTC could have been

Guyse, elaborateIm in classsic ETH, got some comfy 10% gainz in 2 weeks but the shit is stagnant behind all the moon missions.
However it had some in the past.Is it good idea to switch into XMR?
What's the point of Monero once BTC and ETH can be tumbled?
OH AND ASIC RESISTANT?!
lol yes monero is better
ASIC resistance isn't always a good thing.
BTC and LTC have the most secure networks due to ASIC's.
post above sums it up better than i canif i send .5 monero no one knows i sent anything no one see anything coming or going because though the transactions are public addresses/accounts and amounts are not made public just TXseven if i tumblr my bitcoins if im watching the address i know when they send .08 and i can see the wallet it was sent toand even if theres there option of anonymity i can watch the balance and know if the balance was `1btc and goes to .8btc but no transaction shows up i know u sent a private transactionjust knowing someone chose to send a private transaction makes it not privateoptional anonymity is not anonymity at all
Yes.
I always kept a small amount of XMR, and used 80% of my portfolio to flip shitcoins.
These days I'm just tired.
Too much idiotic shilling, too much bitcoin drama...
I moved all to XMR, and finally sleep care-free
Is there another wallet for this coin other than the one from their website?
It crashes my computer everytime i try to use it
What's the point of Monero once BTC and ETH can be tumbled?good luck tumbling btc with its fees and slow transactions
monerujo and mymonero.commymonero.com is run by fluffypony the lead XMR dev and btc early adoptermoreujo is well known in the community but i am not sure of its backgrouind desu never used it
That's all well and good but from what I understand Monero couldn't be scaled to BTC levels of volume.
I'm not sure if there's really a market for complete anonymity anyway outside the black market, the anonymity tumblebit can provide is probably enough in most situations (unless there is a solution to Monero's scaling issues?).
What does everyone use to buy their crypto?
Localbitcoins
that is not true if you asked your friend for his bank account balance and transaction history would he show it to you?
no he wouldnt what happens when normie figures out that when he sends BTC/LTC/ETH i can see all his form transaction and total balance?
i dont think it will sit well when everyone realizes thisas for monero scaling issues i understand it needs to scale but bitcoin has the same issue and high fees and yet it doesnt offer the security and privacy of XMR normie might be okay with gov institutions with check and balances watching their money sure but i dont think you want the guy at home depot seeing itthat is were open ledgers like bitcoins fails why pay a higher fee just to reveal your financial history from the dude bevmo
How would someone even go about assigning a name to a wallet (unless you were some billionaire or something).
Example John knows Fred at work is always talking about the Bitcoin, so John is curious to know how many Bitcoins Fred has.
How does John find Fred's wallet address to determine how many Bitcoins he has?
ex1 i say hey fred I bought some bitcoin can I send you 5 bucks to see if itll work i havent sent a tx yetfred gives me his address and boom i look at the blockchainex2 hey fred i buy you lunch .0001btche sends btc i have his address
google Chainalysis they with Europol and international law enforcement their sole purpose is to identify bad actors and put a face to the account by analyzing the blockchainthe fucking IRS employs this company to find tax cheats using bitcoin by analyzing the blockchainu guys dont seem to understand why bitcoin originally had value because u bought it in 2016the reason i bought BTC in 2014 is the reason I buy XMR now
To buy XMR too?
I cant find anywhere that doesnt look like a scary as fuck virus ridden scam site
u can buy at localmonero it is listed on the side bar of the monero subreddit
Okay this is making sense now, is there really no other solution to this other than XMR?
It does seem like a pretty big problem.
From what I understand Monero has scaling issues though so it wouldn't work on a scale as large as Bitcoin (never mind going mainstream).
Thanks alot!But now I see how shit it is to be trying this and living in Kiwiland
Yes, there is literally no other solution at the moment.
That's why it's such a no-brainer to own Monero.
if bitcoin is seen as a store of value and fee are this high i think its safe to assume the scaling issues tho an issue is a nothing burgeryou pay less fees than btc and on the xmr blockchain your storing value that isnt publicly viewable you might pay a premium for privacy but i think most politicians, crime lords, millionaires, and average joes are willing to pay a slight premium to maintain the integrity of their account and keep their personal finances private
What's the point of your post
also the more the public is aware of monero the more people will mineand as monero can be mined in all sorts of ways including a javascript script coinhive used on websites like UFC the less of an issue scaling becomesif u have a heavily trafficked site it probably more profitable to mine monero using coinhive than it is to advertise
I guess I could put some of my LTC into Monero, currently sitting on 180 LTC.
Monero seems like it's at an ATH right now though.
Oh and I feel like LTC is gonna go up soon, it has remained around the level it's at for a while now.
Why does that mean anything?
Perhaps the market determines it has no more additional valueI just can't see why Litecoin is still a thing
i dont know if its the right decision u gotta decide for yourselfbut if you a holder not much of a trader its monero is probably the best betthe btc bch war hype is incoming and ltc price is heavily associated with btc pricepeople will hedge using monero and it btc dips harder ltc goes down with it
So it seems that if you have ZEC in a Z wallet it is completely anonymous?
As in you can't see how many coins an address has like Monero.
I see where you're coming from but the Korean's are crazy man.
I can see them pumping this to 5b+ in the coming weeks.
Like right now the Korean's seem to be pumping zcash now, why?
Because that's what they do.
Okay this is making sense now, is there really no other solution to this other than XMR?No.
This is what makes XMR so exciting and so brutally undervalued.
As it stands the dev team has (rightfully) focused most of their efforts on actually improving the underlying technology like with adding Ring Signatures or the future Kovri implementation, instead of user-friendly normie features like a mobile wallet (and until recently the only wallet available used a command line interface).Bitcoin, and all other cryptos, are only as anonymous as you are capable of successfully preventing someone from figuring out who you are by blockchain analysis.
As soon as they pinpoint you, they know how much money you have, who you are buying things from, and where your money is derived from.
All three of these can be STAGGERING problems in a hundred different ways (e.g.
imagine what the IRS will do to you), and because Monero is coded from the ground up to be the Swiss Bank account of cryptos, it is literally the only logical choice for anyone who wants to >Launder money>Hide wealth>Buy illicit substances>Donate to things anonymouslyFurthermore because everything is private it's therefore fungible which makes it literally the only cryptocurrency that is actually a currency, as any "currency" that lacks fungibility is not actually a currency because someone can qualify specific bitcoins as being "bad" or "tainted" if you don't like their past transactional history and not accept those ones in a trade, and if you are a holder of some "tainted" bitcoins you are potentially fucked.
This is a problem only Monero solves.
i not great at explaining thank you point was well made
Good explanation, thank you.Do you think there's any risk of authorities forcing exchanges to cease trading of XMR due to the potential for it to fund terrorism/north korea and the likes?
i imagine they'd probably have monero at that pointregardless if they cant take down pirate bay they wont be able to hinder the XMR network
You're right, as of now tx size is pretty terrible.This will greatly improve with the implementation of StringCT and Bulletproofs.
The latter has been already tested very successfully with a Java implementation.
Production-ready C/C++ impl is around the corner.
They may not be able to take down the network, but they could force exchanges to not facilitate trading of it.
Of course people could still trade it without centralized exchanges though, but that would probably significantly limit its growth and result in an extremely volatile price.
In theory, zk-SNARKs is better than RingCT that Monero has, but in practice the whole trusted setup thing makes it worthless.On the other hand, zk-STARKs may be implementable without a trusted setup.
But then again, Monero devs have said that if a better solution comes along (as zk-STARKs may be) they will consider it.And don't forget that Monero has two math PhD's working full time on the crypto stuff.
I'm personally of the opinion that any real censorship of XMR would have a Streisand effect.
Government censorship only serves as further proof of it's use case.
Just my opinion.
They may not be able to take down the network, but they could force exchanges to not facilitate trading of it.I would assume that a lot of exchanges would just move to TOR.
Plus as it's real-world usage increases it's value will be derived from the buyers and sellers actually using it to facilitate transactions, not from speculators on exchanges.
kek keep living in your delusional world
this
What?
It had crazy pumps this last week.
Furthermore because everything is private it's therefore fungible which makes it literally the only cryptocurrency that is actually a currency, as any "currency" that lacks fungibility is not actually a currency because someone can qualify specific bitcoins as being "bad" or "tainted" if you don't like their past transactional history and not accept those ones in a trade, and if you are a holder of some "tainted" bitcoins you are potentially fucked.
This is a problem only Monero solves.This is its biggest advantage imo, and the understated and under comprehended meaning of fungibility in crypto is a big problem.