Direct PDF download link:https://www.swift.com/file/45401/download?token=1SlvZHKAIn this post-Sibos official Swift paper, Swift reiterates the significance of the proof of concept Chainlink did for them, in the context of ISO 20022.Which is one of the top projects in the financial world, being developed by the likes of Swift and VISA: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_20022The other ISO 20022 examples listed in the paper include massive projects such as GPI (which is Swift's flagship cross-border payments project) and other large-scale projects (see pic).
So there can be no doubt regarding the importance Swift attaches to the Chainlink PoC.
Or if you don't trust the PDF download link (AAAAAAA), google "Leveraging international standards to unify emerging financial technologies" (with quotation marks) and download the PDF at the bottom of the article.
inb4 "it's not about Chainlink".See pic related.
So if you thought Swift was going to just forget about Chainlink after Sibos, think again.
MY LINK IS GONE YOU FUCKER AAAAAAAAH
Good stuff
this from october tho
Yup.The Chainlink PoC is being listed right alongside massive projects such as GPI, nostro reconciliation, SEPA payments, etc.Swift considers it a high-value target, to be sure.It's post-Sibos, the last edit to the paper was Nov. 3 and it was released to the press on Nov. 16.
4514432Sergey is alternating between eating Big Macs and snorting cocaine off of black BBW booty cheeks while Rory is furiously stroking his pencil dick in the corner with one hand and stonewalling investors in the slack with the other.
That’s why all his “updates” trying to hide the fact that this project is a complete debacle are riddled with typos.
A pile of unread resumes sit on the floor, drenched in Big Mac sauce.
Steve is the only one trying.
He’s locked away in his moms basement trying to learn GO.
It’s such an obscure and asinine language that he can’t find the documentation he needs.
He’s about to snap.
He keeps frantically calling Sergey.
Sergey only texts back, “new phone, who dis” and “32 million solves my oracle problem.” Steve’ mom’s basement reeks of the marijuana Steve smokes to cope with the stress.
A thick haze from all the smoke lingers.
All Steve can see are two faint lights.
One is the blue light emitting from his shitty 2010 dell inspiron laptop.
Somehow Sergey didn’t think they’d have money in the budget for him to get a new laptop.
The other is the glimmer of steel of his colt 45 revolver with his one way ticket out of his hell.
Yeah I was expecting feedback in December and it should be good since the demo went well.
I just hope swift is a bit vocal about it and mentions working with smartcontract in the future etc
Swift's December announcement is going to be about GPI, which has to do with Hyperledger Fabric specifically.This is pretty much unrelated to Link.
Tfw: (-_-)
That's not a bad thing.Swift is definitely keeping tabs on the project; so all there is left is for the team to finish and release the network.
Which is why they needed the ICO funding in the first place, it's a pretty significant task.
Yeah don't get too excited about this.
December probably isn't about Link.
Thy need to see the main net in action.
Latest in Q2, hang on
main net at the latest in Q2Probably this.But the potential for price mooning will be a constant presence.The slightest hint of good news at any stage between now and the release of the main net will have a dramatic effect on the price.