I just want 30k... fml
go work for a year that's like minimum wage you fucking retard
Just a Linke girl in a Bitcoin worldSell everything buy Bitcoins
It will happen.Do not buy shitty pajeet coins, buy undervalued projects that you think can 2-3x.
I went from $1000->$20000 in the last 3 months just by doing my research
GOIThis.
Get a job you slob.
$20000Nigga, I spend this much on condoms at least every day.
Step up your game if you want to succeed in the crypto game.
Get a job>Invest more money>Try to not fuck yourself by making one of 100 newbie mistakes in this game>????>profitt.
made more then 35k on an initial 5k investment
What were your best wins if you care to share?
Why are you holding so many shitcoins?
Plus with just that amount of money it's no point spreading.
What resources do you use for your research?
I am working.
I’m not trying to be set for life here.
I just want extra money.
ignore the bts idk why I left that there.
I heard a rumor about COLX shooting to 20sats soon.
Would you consider COLX and LINK shitty coins?
4446011Oh neat, double dubs.
Maybe this is a good sign.
2137 LINKnie obrażaj papieża kurwo
4446200You only got $600, just go all in on that coin if you think it's going to break out.
If it does i'll garauntee you'll wish you did.
If it doesn't then whatever.
There's no point splitting up between three or four coins.
Especially if you want to reach 30k, you're never gonna make it.And DYOR, ignore shills>
Funny.
I started out with about 500.
Now 30k.
Want 100k
new colx website dropping in 5 h https://colossuscoinxt.org/
I have over 30k and now I want a million.
The greed never stops anon.
I’ve done my research on both.
Both seem very promising.COLX Main selling point is it uses a lot less power to generate transactions with all the perks.
Hence why their slogan has “environmentally friendly” in itIt also has PIVX devs working on it, another big plus.
If this coin hit just 10 cents I’d get out and never look back.
Their downside so far is shitty marketing and a crappy website.
But the sites getting an update and even more in a few hours.
Hence the 20 sat rumor.
I have 40 and Im gonna off myself if I dont make it to 10 million
Someone plz help me any Crypto could help me :(
begging is against the rules, enjoy the ban noob
No begging