YOUTUBE INTEGRATION AHHHHHHHH BUY BUY BUYYYYYYYY
late news
Good idea to buy in case a big time youtube gives it coverage.
Pewdiepie, H3H3 have hate boners against the Youtube demonetization.
Never thought of that angle.
Seems like a bit of a stretch but anything can happen I guess
I think this is one of the biggest sleeping giants.
All this bullish news and it's only up something like 15% since the news came out.What the hell are people thinking is going to happen?
Youtubers will just not give a shit?This could be the solution to all this youtube demonetization bullshit.
Most people don't accumulate good crypto's, they flip them.
This is the best project in crypto, best team in crypto.
Most people don't give it a second look because it isn't riddled with buzzwords and pyramid incentives.
word of advice, hold back on these posts and accumulate as long as you can.
whats it called?
Yeah, I'm not supporting Youtubers.
No way.
Business with morals?
Well aren't you a rare one?
Unfortunately I'm pretty sure a lot of people won't touch anything around Youtube community with their hard earned investments.
BAT, nigguh.
Filename
Priced in
They’re fucking with YouTube, it’s going to make news.
Folks who have been demonetized and who don’t meet the monetization threshold will want this.
This is the best project in crypto, best team in crypto.honestly this.
It takes one good partnership to moon this.
BAT has an experienced, respected team and they already have a nice browser built..I see a lot of potential here.
It's honestly a decent solution to two things 1) bothersome and shitty web advertising + configuring browsers to prevent this and 2)solves payment problems / strange demonetization issues across platforms.
BAT can be one universal ad token that's easy to trade and cash out, and USERS can directly support their content creators.
It's not the platform paying the creators anymore, it's the users/viewers of the content.
I need to stop and just accumulate more until they announce some shit...
>The token can be used to obtain a variety of advertising and attention-based services on the Brave platform.so if Brave flops then this token is useless?
nope.
there will be extensions for other browsers shortly.
>-$57If I wasen't so lazy with trading I would have turned them into ARK or NEO.
4424874This.
Imagine being able to easily give people money super easily through any browser.
giving my shekels to anyone ever
By any browser, do you mean the browser with 60% market share created by Google the internet advertising giant that also owns youtube?Good luck with those bags buddy..
>Targeting is poor, making users more likely to ignore ads.
that's horseshit, fagbook targeting is excellent and google's probably as well.
Ok anon, I have bought 800k.
I hope this works out