ahahahahahah they took swift.smartcontract.com down after we discovered it.
kek rory you fucking fag, do you really think you can hide this shit from us by remaining silent?something humungous is happening the backscenes bros
Accumulate mown or regret forever

oh noo, will sergey spank my ass because biz discovered the comfydential website?Kek rory you dun goofeed this time
kek
le maximum kek
p-priced in at 3.1ksat
ITS HAPPENING
these idiots literally can't do anything right
So let me get this right.These guys are smart enough to write their own blockchain and connect it to financial services.But they are not smart enough to put a confidential part of the site (demo or whatever) behind a simple htaccess password as this link describes: https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-set-up-http-authentication-with-nginx-on-ubuntu-12-10Either these people are as dumb as rocks or they intentionally put the site up so you fucks would shill this as news.Either way its a fucking retarded situation.Can someone explain why this is a good occurrence?
JSON parser looks nicewhen will it be released?
i got 13k link i bought with some pennies i made with the bch dramais 13k link enough?
Just buy it and get rich bitch bastird.
can't fault this logic.
enough for what exactly?assasinate obama?
lmao nolinkers trying to jump through mental hoops just to make everything about LINK look bad
To make it
k x $3 = end of 2018
indianbro here, what the fuck is swift and how much will i make if i buy 50 links
Part of me thinks they put this up on "accident" to give the neets a bone so they shut the fuck up.I'm sure sirgayy and rory are sick of getting E-harassed.Anyways, anyone who owns LINK has already made it.
Part of me thinks they put this up on "accident" to give the neets a bone so they shut the fuck up.Or maybe we are just that good at being detectives
Priced in.
How much does $100 buy you in India?Because that's how much you'll make it
good godaccumulate
>not as shill at all
If you were good at investigating, research, and deductive reasoning you wouldn't have invested in chainlink so I doubt it.
yeah that's what they said about bitcoin, eth, ans, etc.
take a picture of yourself shitting on the street and I will send you 100 link.
If you were good at investigating, research, and deductive reasoning you wouldn't have invested in chainlink so I doubt it.>oh no, people are shilling it in the span of weeks and it doesnt have a billion dollar marketcap, it HAS to be a scamwhat a dumbass, you think like the average phaggot redditor.
Has to censor himself to even type out faggot because it triggers him>Calls someone else reddit
Buy LINK today, tomorrow or next week, just don't leave it too long because you will get left behind
calling someone a phaggot, faggit, etc is censoring the word faggot?
deluded nolinkers and their pleb tier reasoning.
Poooo
< 1/2
< 2/2
Bought all I can today, hoping the price stays reasonably low for tomorrow when I can buy much more.
WHAT DOES IT ALL MEAN?
if only we can get Rory to leak.
It's a good thing they're not leaking anything.
Makes them seem so much more respectable.
Big companies won't want to do business with people who leak news before they're supposed to come out.
4322131Love this work ethic.
POO IN LOO
kucoin and coss add them in a desperate attempt to bring in at least 1 btc trading volume to their sites>hey guys chill out look at all these new exchangessold my link bags for DLT, hoping it will moon and I can get back in Link at 10k
Are you prepared to look for some free rent?
Cause you gonna need it.
Can someone explain why this is a good occurrence?Don't worry about it, just look away and never buy any Link.
Nobody will care.
If you cannot tell just by the over-wording used inside of that image that this entire organization is a giant empty suit, then you're pajeet.
Why do I get the sense everyone in /biz/ and the coin community in general is fucking 17 years old on average.>muh flux capacitor plasma transistor 'maaaaan it moves at universe speed
Self published fake news to artificially pump the coin, because they're fucking desperate.
>"Rory can you tell me the time?
">"Have to get back from the team on this one">"Rory can you wipe your ass?>"Have to get back from the team on this one"This coin fucking reeks.
over-wording used inside of that image that this entire organization is a giant empty suitwhat are you even trying to FUD you retarded fuck?
over-wordingLmao, are you the same brainlet who said "mainstream smart contract" was word salad?
sell the news
How did these idiots even win a poc with swift.Sergey must be swindling them good with buzzwords and jargon, his ba is in philosophy after all.
an automated bond paymentwow, Ive been getting these since like 2005 lmao
Sold all my LINK at a 45% loss.
so rory and the team are "open" to being on new exchanges, but can't take 5 minutes to get listed on new exchanges.
this is comical
Over-wording?
Like what?
"Smart"?Because if don't understand the rest of the words in the image then I feel sorry for you son.
can someone explain to me what link is about?
i read the site the white paper and i see it on biz for weeks now.
im looking to get myself some link.
but what will make link itself valuable?
The biz way.
I want to buy a token that people will use for this service I read about but what will make the token valuable

lol i member that
k link holder here so take my shilling as you will.
ChainLink solves the oracle problem meme.
When a smart contract needs data from an external source it relies on something called an oracle to feed the data.
Imagine a smart contract that was made for betting on a basketball game.
How would it know when to execute the bet and pay out?
It would require an oracle to feed it data on the basketball game results.
But what if the data was incorrect, or tampered with?Oracles are currently all centralized which makes it the greatest point of failure in a smart contract that requires one.
If smart contracts want widespread adoption for things other than simply "send coin to _____, receive coin from _____" they need to interact with real world data that is trustless.
ChainLink is a network of decentralized oracles that fixes this issue.
It is middleware for enterprises to secure their smart contracts.
They work with SWIFT which manages bank transfers around the world.
test code exposed to public internet>not using a private network>not using access controlsI always suspected ChainLink were amateurs, but this seals it
That's not code, brainlet.
4322932Kek the absolute state of LINK fudders
Even if there's no application at that endpoint:>not using access controls on in-development contentThe conclusion is LINK is weak af
Not like Swift working with Link is even a secret.
At all.Why are you so emotionally invested?
Just walk away.
My man, these bitch bastirds do not understand oracle is real problem!
They will be poor.
Haha
I have 500 link.
Will I make it bro?
Woah!!!!!
SWIFT actually happening?!??!??
that will be $5,000 in 3 months
Don't worry I'm sure they'll stop calling it a scamcoin when it reaches $1k, in the mean time, I'll gladly hold for my ticket to lamboland
Swift does trillions/day.
If this is true we're going 1000x
So do I dump my 0.1 BCH into Monero or this?
I can just about get 1 monero, which would satisfy my autism
4321970432213143221684325398PLS send me a link, I'm broke as fuck 0x0D07100A32B3148DC8035CAd7328e01350a9c576
And Linkies jumping through mental hoops to make bad things look good Remind me again how GREAT IT IS that there is zero communication from the team?
see a (You)>hoping someone gave me meme advice to my query so I can go lose all my capital>it's a fucking beggarNo, you get shit
I can give you advice: Hodl Link for the forseeable futureI'm just fucking broke right now.
When I'm not, I'll still have your address
I don't have links right now, and all my bitcoins of various types are on my wallet so I'm wary of sending them out for trading
How exactly do I buy link?
I don't have a wallet or nothing I'm basically starting fresh
Ok, well good luck in the future Binance
And I can use my debit card to buy it off binance?
I don't need another coin?
rip in peace
Do you realize that the movie transfered through swift is not becoming "chainlink".
Link is not a currency.
Its a service token.
The token is valued whatever value the transfer service costs.If swift moves 1 trillion a day, the oracle cant cost 1 trillion a day.
Else companies would just giving free money to swift.
The oracle as service is a small fee.
That small fee is chainlink (even smaller since its supposedto be vheaper).Swift moving a trillion a day doesnt mean shit.Link Sargeant Shitter here before calling me a nolinker
Sold all my LINK at a 45% loss.
No, you buy Bitcoin from anywhere.
Then you transfer the Bitcoin to Binance and exchange it for Chainlink.
If you do go through with it, hit me with a tip ples
The token is valued whatever value the transfer service costs.No.The token is divisible to 18 decimals.
Link could be 1 million a piece, and you could still pay 1 cent worth of link.What values Link is supply and demand.
4325744No you can only do that with the big coins.
So what you do is register at the exchange (they'll usually require some shitty verification), deposit money (usually through a bank transfer, sometimes you can use cards or paypal or some shit but they'll almost always going to charge exorbitant fees for that - like 5%+), buy a coin that's traded for fiat, then buy link or any other meme altcoin for that big coinDon't use BTC right now because it's fucking clogged.
Any other alternative is good but BHC is extremely unstable and ETH has been going down slightly.
You'll probably be fine but you might get unlucky and lose like $1-2 in the time it takes you to do the transfer.
Right now people are hoping debating whther to get in a 20 cents or wait for 18 cents again.Look at this.
Its a swift partnershup.
THis going to a multi billion marketcap.
You'll be pulling your hair out when this is 2 USD per LINK and you're fretting maybe itll drop to 1.70 USD
You're right, just fomo'd into buying another 50k.
No fucks given.
fine biz you win, actually going to go buy 100k, fml shitty linkies, ill probably be posting pink wojaks in an hour.
lollll this is the shittiest fud, 1.5 trillion / day.
lets say 1 cent of that is link feesthat is still $15 billion/day volumeif Swift uses Link due to its utility/use alone Link would surpass BTC
What's the timeframe for that?
You idiots are forgetting the most important piece of info with this new revelationIt's alreadyP R I C E D INRICEDIN
Fees would never be 1% you retard.
2017>"htaccess password"kys