You bought fucking BCH but haven't invested in an ICO that will revolutionize the adult industry?
Seriously one few fucking ICO's with a purpose that is already built.
Cam site, XXX Video Marketplace, Anonymous Payment System, Adult Ad Network, and lots more to come.
Read the white paper if you don't trust mespankchain d0t comThey already have hundreds of models from myfreecams & chaturbate signed up to their model program.
Don't believe me?
Look at their twitter.
You have 9 hours to unjust yourself from your BCH mistake.It's an auction btw, so bid 100+ Market Cap to play it safe, If the strike price of the auction is lower than your bid you will end up paying the strike price not the price you bid at.
If you end up bidding under the strike price you won't make it and get refunded your ETH.
They already reached their funding goal btw so this will be happening.
Get in
Hotel room make me filling you - goal is : #cum #squirt
What the fuck are you saying?
No pajeets allowed to participate.
Literally got in yesterday.
Listen to this anon
looks interesting.where is the coin going to be available after ICO tho?
you are a retard aren't youlook at the picture you posted
 not reading your own picture
In the discord one of the devs said some of their Advisors (Joe Urgo Co-Founder of District0x & Matt Liston) are in talks with exchanges and it will be listed on them not too long after the ICO.
Until then EtherDelta
4336486Oh true ya was distracted by all the ass.
My bad.Anyway lets move on.
My bad anon
Don't fall for this cheap scam
Doesn't look carefully at the pics he promotes.Its written on the bio or whatever of the girl in that pic you pajeet.
Ill invest if i see a real website using it not just meme coins.
Whats the scam?
There is no benefit in using blockchain for this.
They're just using buzz words to take your money.
Read the whitepaper
This will 100% fail
Everyone is now telling how blockchain can *revolutionize* their business.
That's exactly like dotcom bubble.
It's a great technology, but not every single business really needs it
PORN REVOLUTIONIZES EVERYTHING3D, VR DVD, HD HDD fuck it im going in
True shit, balls deep
I didn´t knew Dana White was a whore on a scam site.
My thoughts are girls want cash not tokens so they will immediately sell for cash = constant sell pressure or the project is undercut by models running their own site with their own cam show taking 100% profits.
Please discuss, open to thoughts.
Nah, im good.
You can have this one if you want.
Misscolombia is a model from brazil, top fucking kek m8
>BUYING ICOSYOU DESERVE TO LOSE ALL YOUR MONEY