If you haven't dumped this shitcoin you are a idiot.
COSS will end like veros.
Rune is a incompetent business man.
They don't have in house devs.
Their exchange engine is shit and isn't scalable.
After a UI change and alot of more volume it will end like kraken.
Shirt exchange where you cant even place a order.Dump it or keep holding till it is below 100 satoshi
>they dont have devs>have coded a fully functioning exchange and dao contractWhat did he mean by this?
The engine was outsourced but it is shit and not scalable.
I told rune their backend is shit.
First he said to me it only needed some tweaks but then after 2 weeks, the idiot announced they need a new engine.
The dao contracts are easy to make.
fudding as usual.
COSS is a no-brainer at this price
2€ EOY
Nice FUD what do you have your buys set to?
Where do I back my truck up to load up on all these idiots that might dump?
Ah COSS, thanks for the memories and the sweet gains.
LOL, this guy is an asshat.
3 new ICO's coming with free airdropsNew UI in a monthfucking idiot.
Nice, might buy back in a bit after all.
Didn't you guys learn to read.
Engine isn't scalable.You really think 3 new shit icos will help this exhange.
Delusional people.
I bought in ico with 4 eth.
Sold at .20.
So I am comfy.
and you are a computer scientist who analyzed the exchange engine or what ?
it was a no-brainer at 2x price too...
Only idiots with no knowledge about IT call some one a computer scientist.
kekso you arent one
COSS is my 1st moon and only moon mission, COSS cover all my stupid trade and keep me in green until now so COSS always has a place in my heart.
But they need to see about the GUI and the deposit speed.
I really hope they success.
Holding 10k till next year, they do have a lot of work to do.
Right now most of their volume is from COSS itself.
That said, their ranking among exchanges is slowing increasing.
OP probably got in before the fork panic at 2-3x the current price.
I'd be pissed too.
it's real price is around 0.0007