Hope you're making money Anon.
What does /biz/ think of stocks?
I was looking into buying into a crypto mining company.
It's in dip right now, but holding pretty steading, good time to buy in?Obligatory FOMO articles:https://smallcappower.com/news/market-news/hive-blockchain-stock-price/https://www.cryptoninjas.net/2017/10/23/crypto-mining-company-hive-blockchain-adds-sweden-data-center/
why is their company logo HIV
I have a massive belief in HIVE that it'll be worth $10 close to the end of the year.
Especially so if btc reaches $10k
LOL!HIVE
Everyone seems to think the price of this stock is dependent on BTC.
It's not really, they're mining Ethereum AFAIK.
I actually bought 1000 shares of this at 3.05 this morning.
And how does that purchase make you feel?
This shit is on sale.
Best opportunity to make a shitton of cash.
Stocks are regulated and not as volatile as this other bullshit.Buy in now while it's cheap.
4362238OH SHIT!
!Low volume, 20 MA is about to cross the 50,ready for an end-of-day spike.STRAP THE FUCK IN!
!https://i.imgur.com/FSimua0.gifv
Nearly recovered today's early morning loss.
I know im being impatient but bought it like a month ago and nothing has happened except lost 30%
What is "stocks"?
oh this isnt HIVE project?
HVN?
Some other thing, right?
But it serves as an avenue for legitimate capital to flow into the BTC market.It's selling off right now because of the BCASH bullshit and uncertainty and the company diluted the stock with a release of 28 million common shares.Pretty good time to buy, since this is an actual business that generates actual revenue, unlike most tokens and ICOs.
Lol, no.
HIVE is an actual Ethereum mining stock.
Agreed.
Management appears to be keeping the tempers cool.
Dilution of the stock early prevents a news story breaking of a major pump and dump.This is primped for launch, with minor dips ever few months when the lockups keep expiring.
primed*
I'm screenshotting this.
When this is four times the price in a couple months I want to harvest salt.
Checked.For confusion.
One more rally before close!???
Wouldn't HIVE's source of revenue be put in jeopardy once PoS is implemented?
Not really, they state in their FAQ they will targeth ethereum, but can switch if needed.
Also PoS will be a minor player I believe, < 2% of the blockchain AFAIK.https://www.hiveblockchain.com/faq/#which-cryptocurrencies-does-hive-mineThey can mine whatever is profitable.
Either way, it's going to rally so hard tomorrow
Looks like it yeah.
Not too late to get a buy in.
I got in at 2.40 and 2.47, then fomo'd myself, doubled down on profits at 5.11 lol but in a year's time, I honestly believe it won't matter.
just sucks I couldv'e bought soooo much more
I'm confused -- why is a rally expected tomorrow?
Because graphs.
It's already rallying a bit now for FOMO.
Why do you say that?
and 50 moving averages are crossing.
Look up, "golden cross investing"
I am slowly building a portfolio with various precious metal and stone mining companies right now.
The money's just a few feet deep!
Because it's been dipping since last Wednesday on the share news, which closed today.
So the dip opening today was the "end" persay and the gradual rise leading into tomorrow should carry on.
It would've been better had it closed @2.80, where it opened-- so that makes a rally tomorrow slightly less likely but, I'm still betting on it being a solid 15% gain
Basically this.It's the turn around now.