Hey /biz/, I'm sick of all these negative threads.
I want to see some happy posts.
I want to see some success stories!
Post some success stories for me!
Your pic related is mine and also ARK.That's the only 2 coins that made me make it and ark is going to secure it even more (still has a lot of room to grow) I don't hold neo anymore however
biz is the home of successful people
It absolutely is, and I want to hear their stories!
biz told me to buy chainlink>didn't move my eth in time>missed the ico>put my 100 eth in powr ico instead because the name sounded cool>goes up 600% in less than a monthDon't listen to biz.
Once Zcash and Dash are deprived there will be one coin to rule them even moreDash $20Zcash $2Monero $2000soon...Nano S
ZCoin will be?
sorry anon- all the winners packed up and leftwe're here forever
I lost all I had with confido, I am offing myself anonl be a hero, btw my cousin vlad is russian mafia he will get revenge on me on the scammers behind confido
Started back in March with ETH.
Put like 1k in at 10 bucks to start.
Rode that wave for a bit.
Put that money in some of the really memed on coins here like Antshares/NEO and OMG.
Got nice profits from them and pulled out.
MobileGo got me a decent chunk also with their post ICO pump.
Took some profits for myself to pay off some debts and shit.
Since then Ive just been doing my own thing and growing my fortune little by little.
Right now I am heavily invested in some smaller coins right now that I am betting will go big.
You can drop 10k in a small coin at end up with a 200k+ bag.
Then you just gotta wait.
50 cents=100k USD for you right there.
MBRS, DBIX, NIO.
a couple cents after the devs print thousands and run the confidoExit
Not bad, my man.
I'm happy for you.
Keep it up.I put $700 into Antshares back in June, and through careful trading I've been able to turn it into $130,000 now.
The train's just getting started.
You and me both, we're getting to a million next year.
I'm an Etheroll ICO investor.
I was around during the DAO hack when Etheroll cancelled their first ICO, and then put about $746 into their second attempt.
I sold my stack when it was worth around $25000 and the time, then I heavily investing in Ark when it was sub $0.50 as well as Ethereum and other coins to day trade.
My stack usually fluctuates around $60,000 now.
However my luck hasn't kept up around those levels and I've been bleeding a bit, not in dollar amount but in bitcoin amount.
Speaking of ARK, check out this thread.
>tfw eth @ 5$
Any advice for how you did it?
I put 2k into antshares at $7 and currently my porfolio is sitting at $8k, mostly by being a retard.How can I be less retarded
>tfw btc @$6.90ama
Vertcoin, .50 cents, POWR, .13 cents, ARK, $2.30, Bitcoin, $3800, Storj, .66, XRP, .18, GRS, .40 centsThose are where my biggest gains are coming from.
I get in early, and hold on tight
Was eth the last major boom boom coin?
confido was the last
>Finnaly have 22 bitcoins>Occasionally jack off to Taylor Swift-22 videoFeelsComfyMan
so disgusting every time someone mentions ARK or Link I just write off whatever they said completely.I wish I wasn't this biased
Nice I hold some MBRS and NIO as well, pumped for the coming weeks
Me too.
Especially for MBRS.
I really hope they don't fuck it up.
The idea is gold.
If they keep the developments coming and after tomorrow ramp up their hype train with some marketing, I think big bucks are headed our way.
Wow really nice everyone.
I haven't had a profiting trade yet so I gave up on crypto cuz I lost 80% of my money.
Still check here from time to time.
Keep this thread up