When will these fuckers stop lmao.
These cheeky basterds printing tethers like nothing happened.http://omniexplorer.info/lookupadd.aspx?address=1KYiKJEfdJtap9QX2v9BXJMpz2SfU4pgZw
ever thought that 20m fiat entered the market and as a consequence 20m usdt were createdoccams razor and shit
"QUANTITATIVE TETHER" -Ben Bernanke
ever thought that 20m fiat entered the market and as a consequence 20m usdt were createdOccams razor lmao, then why doesnt bitfinex do a proper audit?
this has been discussed so many times already.
No, because they have legal and banking problems which is stated in shit load of articles.
But I guess being this fucking naive is bliss
Confido exit scammedOccams razor bro, they just have lawyer troubles they clearly stated it was happening.
Enough with the consipracy theories.
JOOST didnt scam us.
See where im going with this?
I don't actually see any tethers getting printed in that address?Freshly minted tethers come up as "Grant Tokens", not "Simple Send".
maybe because a private corporation is not required to show you their financial history/paperwork because u think "bitcoin cant go up like this must be some fraud"but in reality it can and does
The whole tether bullshit literally came from a single guy who sold all of his bitcoin at $1000 and tried to get a refund from bitfinex when it became apparent the market wasnt doing what he thought it would.Im amazed how people can eat this shit up.
Also they just got "hacked" for 30 mil
Is he the same guy who hacked them too?Maybe he's the same guy behind BCH as well.
attacking the dude instead of the argumentYou have to be fucking kidding me.
There are so many red flags right now and all you fags do is attack the guy.
Why dont you attack his arguments instead?
Talk to the guys during the Tulip Mania and they'll say you're fudding because you sold your tulips low.
That must indeed be the same guy.
Asshole.He was also the one who farted in your elevator just before you entered.
20 million dollars is enough to move bitcoin>muh tulips>muh tetherHey five eyes shillsGet mental help
These people do the same have same argumentation when defending IOTA or Blockstream.
Always diss the messenger, make the discussion about that, not their shit
get mental help.
attacking the dude instead of the argumentWell yeah.
The dude is a fucking retard and has zero proof of anything he says.
Why else would he dedicate his life to it if not because he is eternally blown the fuck out from making a bad call and refuses to accept it.
Dude is fucked in the head and so is every other retard who buys into the baseless conspiracy theory.
they expected uncle sam come after them thats why they not allowing us citizen on bifucknex.
I wish this tether scam go away so other real usecase alts boom/
Do you even understand how marketcaps work you absolute buffoon?
Even 20 million dollars can add billions to the marketcap which is a shitty metric.Well yeah.
The dude is a fucking retard and has zero proof of anything he says.
Bitfinex just got "hacked" and you faggots think there isnt anything sketchy going on?
You guys are r/Bitcoin lunatics.
Didnt finex just assure you guys everything was "fine" a few days ago?
Bitfinex just got "hacked" Nope.
Keep trying though.
4481420Get mental help nsa-kun
Nope.
Keep trying though.What the fuck do you mean?
They are literally the ones that made the announcement.
What are you even trying to say?
Ignorance is bliss huh?
"as an anon on a public internet forum i demand to see your companies financial history and bank statements this is because bitcoin cannot grow this fast""i demand to see your companies financial history i do not believe that many people want televisions and i refuse to think i missed out"
yes, because all bitcoin supply (all the marketcap) is up for sale at any given time, that's why 20 mil won't dent it.
tell that to the finex orderbook, and you might wanna econ101 again while youre at it, your education (self?)
is missing a few fucking basics
"i demand to see your companies financial history i do not believe that many people want televisions and i refuse to think i missed out">televisionsholy shit you're fucking autistic kys not even salvageable
Don't forget, you can always send us your money.
because bitfinex didn't get hacked?
tether did
Paid for NSA shilling and gaslighting about muh tetherHere's what the NSA ATTEMPTING TO INFLUENCE CRYPTO MARKETS CONSISTS OF:4481065447941044811024481196
Well guys I transfered to quadrigacx and cashed out in cad$ until market is safe
Bitfinex is the one issuing the tethers u stupid kuntsMuh NSAJust how fucking stupid are you?
You keep spouting this NSA bullshit in all the threads.
Bitfinex did not get hacked.
Fuck off you dumb cunt.
So did the exchange, BITFINEX, get hacked or not?
Bitfinex IS the one issuing tethers you fucking stupid piece of shit.
But whatever, go do as you please.
4481534Paid for Nsa shilling on /biz/ during price weakness in attempt to further cause crash, failed miserably, NSA now butthurt, floods more       
So did BITFINEX, THE EXCHANGE, get hacked or not?Ignorance sure is bliss huh?
NSA shillingAre you just memeing this or do you seriously believe this?
You're mentally ill srsly.
Bitfinex is the one that issues Tether>Tether gets hacked>Its ok, at least the exchange didnt get hacked (actually they got hacked before too)literally kys
visibly angry his astroturf failed, keeps doubling down>I-i have no ulterior motive goy!
I'm just an anonymous user like yourself!
maga!!
reminder this is an actual NSA shill
4481643>reminder this is an actual NSA shillWhatever, i give up on you brainlets.
Im out of this thread.
Anyone who believes people here are shilling the NSA deserves to get financially burned.
So bitfinex wasnt hacked then.
Got it.
Get fucked and suck my dick five eyes
you cant stop bitcoin noobs, you've been calling this shit since 3k, news flash 20m is nothing in crypto, check the daily volume
Jesus, how can you be this retarded?Bitfinex is a COMPANY, not an EXCHANGE.
It happens to manage an exchange, and also owns Tether.So yes, Bitfinex was hacked because allegedly some Tether was stolen.
Or they did it themselves.
Fucking pajeets...
I don't even know why I'm arguing with you.
Kys
muh tether makes bitcoin go up>muh tether is the reason crypto goes uphey NSA
iFinex is a company.
Bitfinex is an exchange.Now please stop posting kthnx
this comment proves just how deluded these tether fudders are, bitfinex is an exchange that's it.
iFinex is the parent company.. You don't even know what you are arguing you are merely trying to parrot the conspiracy as it makes you feel more knowledgable than the masses.
4481796because it'saNSAshillcampaignit won't end, are you people fucking morons?
They think bitfinex can use 24 million tether to inject 600 million into the btc/usdt pair.
They are beyond deluded.
It's a new paradigm.
The old rules don't apply anymore.
You don't understand shit.
Bitfinex is a company and iFinex is a parent company.
They are two distinct entities.
Now you can STFU
They are two distinct entitiesYeah thats what Ive been fucking saying.
Geez dude.
So bitfinex wasnt hacked at all then was it.
What's this belligerent NSA stuff?
Literally the dumbest argument ever.
Like, is this kid 14?
I don't care whether tether is real or fake, just like this kid has to ACTUALLY be mentally retarded to think the NSA is concerned with a fucking 4 chan message board tether discussion?
please.
learn some shit before fudding
you can actually because bitfinex allows washtrading lol.
tard.
I can confirm the NSA is interested in /biz/.
As are dozens of other agencies.I work with the nigerian secret service.
/biz/ is pretty much a hang out spot for spies and shit
the entire 24h volume of bitfinex is from wash tradinglmao
Holy fuck, a real live Nigerian SS agent right here on biz?!
I don't know where Tether is backed out not, but Bitfinex being hacked for the third goddamn time is insufferable.
This company is shit.
Since they refuse to prove it despite losing a lot of credibility every day they don't, and it wouldn't be that hard to prove, you can be pretty sure they don't.
ad hominemGreat minds discuss ideas, good minds discuss events, average minds discuss people.Not going to make it, bro.
Hmm man almost as if you're assshurt NSA who wishes his weak ass tether conspiracy would get traction
Not a single argument NSA
448157444815964481794(12)How to spot the newfag who bought Bitcoin at $4K and thinks himself a master investor.Bitfinex got "hacked" 15 months ago.They socialized the losses with a 36% haircut to everyone, in complete breach of their terms of service stating they wouldn't access customer balances.They promised audits that never came.
Then they lost banking, lost legal appeals, and suddenly the tether thing started to work out for them.
Convenient.
look how fucking asshurt this nsa kike is that their fud didn't drop bitcoin below 7700
company with history of malpractice and made by known scammers being fraudulent is a conspiracy>NSA agents on random /biz/ topics is sensiblethe absolute state of desperate newfagshold on tight to your btc
When did they get hacked before?
see bitfinex is cia
Didn't mention market caps.>HURRR DURRRR DO YOU EVEN UNDERSTAND HOW MARKET CAPS WORK?!?!?!?
!You're right 24 hr volume is a much better metric because it actually indicates liquidity... aaand it's still at over 4 billion dollars.
the NSA spammers are the real paid shills.
I didn't care about tether and thought it was just some bs conspiracy pushed by some people but this "hack" at this time can't be a coincidence.
This.
OPs just being a fag.
See here:http://omnichest.info/lookupadd.aspx?address=3MbYQMMmSkC3AgWkj9FMo5LsPTW1zBTwXL
So did bitfinex get hacked today or what?
YEAH GIVE ME YOU BANK DETAILS AND US NIGERIANS WILL MAKE YOU RICH$£$$$£$£$££$If you only knew how many lotteries you've won