BTCmarines, report your status.
Taken heavy casualties sir but us on the Bittrex front lines are holding strong against the yellow horde.
BTC marines are UNDERWATER
chilling in base for years, watching some movies and ignoring the battlefield
price where it was at the beginning of the month>majority of holders are somehow underwaterLadies and gentlemen.
THE ENEMY IS AT THE FUCKING GATES
Doing well.
Waiting for the big drop to play this strategy: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WV1EWBp0I6M
pink wojak.webm
Chaos BCH marines incoming, led by the foul Chaos BCH sorcerer Wu himself!
Our corebolters are spitting out propaganda at full pelt but it might not be enough to stop them!
We need terminators and an Imperial BTC knight here, stat!
Sir.
Literally on the verge of suicide.
I am down 15k.
Someone, please tell me it's going to be alright.
Kek
How much did you buy at what price?
BTC isn't going anywhere.
Just because a chink and a felon are taking a few suckers to the cleaners with a trash coin, doesn't mean that BTC isn't going to keep doing what it's always done.
Sold at ~7200, bought back in at 5700.
It'll probably drop more but i'd rather lock in my BTC gains.
kek
Back in 1999 i lost 50k in one afternoon daytrading qcomtook time but i got it back and more in about 2 weeks>patience and focus
This honestly, I got the BCH in the fork, so I'm covered.
I just don't want those fucking chinks to win.
I just don't want those fucking chinks to win.But 'Satoshi's vision' (while doing a fork to change mining difficulty)
I don't think I'll be able to make rent this month.
I BOUGHT at 7200 AAAAH.I bought more at 5700 and hope it all evens out.
HODL
smart money is moving into BTC now, look at unconfirmed transactions, they are clearing.!!
it's because bch difficulty tripled and btc is more profitable for miners.
I WILL NEVER SELL BITMARINES HODL.
F
I'm not selling my Bitcoin.
My forked coins are sitting in monero.
Heavy shilling going on here but holding strong Sir.
The miners are all in on BCH except for 1-2 pools.
The main reason they are mining BTC atm is to let all those transactions waiting to come to exchanges to dump BTC come through and dump.
I need more BTC, whens a good time to buy some more?
HODL IN THE NAME OF THE BITCOIN
HAHAHAHAH.
no.bch was 2.5 times more profitable until the difficulty update, which happened on 20:00 GMT.
they swapped back to btc as it is more profitable now.
You think it's more profitable to mine some BTC than to make their accumulated massive stores of BCH go 4x in a flippening?How many neurons do you have?
Five?They are all in.
They are selling their BTC mining proceeds for BCH immediately, just like Jihan has declared he has done for over a month.
you really are retarded.
it's currently more profitable to mine btc than bch.
if they think bch will 4x or some shit, then they'll sell their btc for bch.
whenever mining bch is more profitable than btc, they will switch again.fuck you and your math teacher.
Just got converted by an enemy monk
Reporting in.
Ready to buy the dip, sir
I'M IRON HANDING THIS SHIT.
Fucking brainlet.
k isnt much... barely a new cheapest car you can find.. you will probably get that back in a week or 2
wololo4329651Then explain why they mined BCH at a loss yesterday in order to inflate the queue size of BTC in a psy-op to make people realize how fragile, expensive and shitty BTC transactions are?You're the brainlets.And yes, they did mine it at a loss before the spike to above 1200.
Then explain why they mined BCH at a loss yesterday in order to inflate the queue size of BTC in a psy-op to make people realize how fragile, expensive and shitty BTC transactions are?i already told you idiot.
it was 250% more profitable to mine bch until 20:00 GMT.
then the difficulty adjustment happened.https://cash.coin.dance/blocks
4329717
let me guess.
Buy high sell low?
I sold mine right away since it’s a shitcoin, wish I held until yesterday coulda got a lot more out of it but oh well
Kek nice delusions, it doesn’t really matter if they sell the btc for bch it’s the unconfirmed transactions that bch shills are using for fud.
Get btfo some more
4329797But they mined it before it was more profitable.
almost every pool has both btc and bch.
as you can see in the chart, the profitability always changes.
which coin to mine is the miners decision to mine.
they will ALWAYS mine what they think is more profitable.
none of them mines a specific coin to "let people dump it".