Prove to me the "Tether conspiracy" isn't an NSA gaslighting campaign.
It is like saying prove me god is not real when you can not prove what is not real
In other words>I have no proof except hearsay?
pic
because the definition of gas lighting literally has nothing to do with "this situation".
An infographic produced by the NSAActually, it is.
fuck off nsa
Gaslighting is a form of manipulation that seeks to sow seeds of doubt in a targeted individual or in members of a targeted group, hoping to make them question their own memory, perception, and sanity.
Using persistent denial, misdirection, contradiction, and lying, it attempts to destabilize the target and delegitimize the target's belief.We are talking about a fact here not belief or heresy you just are incapable of seeing it which is not your fault its just a state of where you are at in you awareness..
Prove to me you are not retardedOh shit you already failed
"Tether conspiracy" is nothing but a coup attempt in Bitcoin
Reply to the op with "fuck off NSA" and if you get trips I will send 1 ETH
fuck off NSAfuck off NSA
"Tether conspiracy" is nothing but a coup attempt in BitcoinNo.
Doubting company run by anonymous people who behave very suspiciously and also happened to get "hacked" recently is not a coup on Bitcoin.
If a group of shady people can print more tokens that are "tethered" to USD at any moment, they can artificially inflate the price of Bitcoin.
The entire crypto market becomes unhealthy.
Also, if this is really a scam, the entire market ill be at risk when the scammers exit the market.
You bitfinex/tether shills are fucking disgusting by the way.
You're not convincing anyone with your "nothing to see here" attitude and personal attacks.
factOkay then prove it NSA shill.
bitcoin is only up because of tetherThanks NSA
Muh shady people
I call Russell's teapot.
The burden of proof lies on the one making a claim.
"When two parties are in a discussion and one makes a claim that the other disputes, the one who makes the claim typically has a burden of proof to justify or substantiate that claim especially when it challenges a perceived status quo."
If anything it's more likely to be the IRS trying to get citizens to put money back into FIAT so they can tax it.
But also: Could be a ASIC bros FUD campaign?Could be Money Skel trying to make people forget his Heroin vs. CP commentCould be Teeka and the Palm Beach boys manipulating conditions for their next pump.Or it could actually be true!!
It could be half true, but the lack of un-backed Tetehr has been exaggerated?Or could be a spontaneous FUD that /biz/, as is prone to do has accepted as utter reality just like their trust in Teeka, or their bagholding of coins like Digibyte and LinkThis!
This!!!!
Where do I buy "NSA"?
Not only, but mainly.Check the charts brainlet and come here again.
If that's in their profile you don't normally need to pay.
Wear protection though.
When Tether crashes and BTC goes even higher as a result, the nocoiner pink wojaks will be insane.