Why haven't you bought BAT yet?
Did you just assume my portfolio?
b....but...but i have
post that picture of their whole team.
the demon, the wojack, and the batchink
This
because it need huge market penetration to make a difference.
all or nothing, likely nothing.
Yes, please buy up to ~2090.
My bot is bagholding.
It takes only one YouTuber like Ethan, who is a jew btw, to shill this shit and we're on our way to the moon.
i have small bags so what
i did, and i got fucked, hard
I bought my bags at 10k+ sats lolsold at 5k for a loss but i guess it could have been worst,>but but muh guy who made mozilla is on the team
He made javascript, he knows tech.
The idea behind this is actually good compared to all other shitcoins on here.
It just needs some better marketing.
If your average pewdiepie viewer understands he can casually earn money through watching ads, the project will go lift off ez.
I have bought 800k BAT over the last 6 months and I will keep buying.
I don't give a shit what the price is, a percentage of my income is going into BAT from now until $1.I hate Google and the rest of the online ad industry with a passion, and I fully believe BAT is the right dagger to ram up their assholes and steer the Internet into a new direction.
He's happy enough making money on twitch now.
Shilling for BAT will be about as successful as moving your channel to Vid.me; complete loss of viewership and revenue except for an extreme small minority of die-hards.I can't ever see BAT being anything other than a nice little idealistic thing with no real adoption.
The real advertisement industry is way too jewy and manipulative to ever adopt a user-friendly model like BAT proposes.
twitchWait for Twitch to fuck him over.>Vid.meNever heard of this site, neither has the average YouTube viewer.BAT is a win-win for everyone (including viewers), Google ads is not.
not the one where the orc is smelly>not the one with super saiyan orc7/10
has anyone actually used their browser?
im curious how well it works.
i guess i see that as the biggest hurdle, like are people really going to abandon firefox or chrome to use some shitty no name browser , so they can use BAT?
i just cant see this taking off.
Been using Firefox in forever, but moved over to Brave since the last FF update.
They use the same extensions as Chrome now, so there isn't much difference between the browsers, other than FF being open source.
Brave is also open source and it has a build-in ad blocker and BAT.I have been using Brave only this weekend and it has done pic related already.
Vid.me>Never heard of this site, neither has the average YouTube viewer.Yeah, and even fewer have heard of BAT, and will be willing to install a browser or modify their own to use it.
If Vid.me, which has been shilled by many disgruntled youtubers, and is just a website, can't take off, how will BAT?Making money of youtube ads requires all those millions of dummys watching from their phones without adblock.
And it's only profitable for the advertisers cuz Google is making bank of the exploration off user privacy in the background.
The enthusiast sphere of BAT just seems to me like it'll always just be a vid.me, gab.ai, or voat level alternative.
User-friendly, but no users.
It's honestly pretty damn good.
I say this as someone who spent several years working on a competing product.It needs a bit of polish around the edges, and I would personally love to see a "dark mode" for low-light usage, but all the important pieces are there and glued together well enough.The BAT/payments stuff is a *lot* slicker than I was expecting.
The stuff here is just great: https://brave.com/creators/I really think we've been dulled into thinking crypto software projects are all either garbage or may-deliver-years-from-now vaporware.
Brave is neither.
Check it out for yourself anon :)
top kek
been using brave for about 3 months.
The native adblocker is nice.
It was sort of unstable at first, it would crash if you had more than 3 or 4 tabs open, but an update about 2 months ago fixed that.
The mobile browser also works really well and can reduce data usage due to the adblock
does is it have "private browsing" feature?
so i can do my illegal shit
Yeah, and even fewer have heard of BAT, and will be willing to install a browser or modify their own to use it.
If Vid.me, which has been shilled by many disgruntled youtubers, and is just a website, can't take off, how will BAT?Viewers will be able to earn 'free' money.
Imagine all these kids that would happily watch multiple minecraft videos and earn BAT.>Making money of youtube ads requires all those millions of dummys watching from their phones without adblock.
And it's only profitable for the advertisers cuz Google is making bank of the exploration off user privacy in the background.
Advertisers will make profits because there is no middle-man, a.k.a Google.
Only Brave takes a small fee, which will be even less if the platform gets adopted.
ctrl+shift+p and it opens a private tab
Yup.
And they are hiring an engineer to work on Tor integration, for even privater private tabs:https://brave.com/jobs?gh_jid=855571
yeah it does.
i only hold a small bag of BAT, not sure what the future holds for the payment/token system, but i can tell you that I have fapped gloriously for weeks now without once seeing a fucking livejasmin ad, and i haven't seen "open this page in app store?"
on my phone either.
I used to run adblock but even it didn't catch everything.
Brave is way superior in that regard.