https://finance.yahoo.com/news/tether-startup-works-bitcoin-exchanges-063304338.htmlJust look at the comments.
Normies, when will they learn?
>bitcoin and all the other dark web
Kim is a a fucking fag
that combination of overly-confident and completely clueless is genuinely nauseating.
mfw we need those people to buy in or else the market won't get any bigger
That's good for us, it means were still early.
They'll learn begrudgingly in a few decades.
44925264492537>"if a hacker hacks into bitcoin"
They remind of me 2012 top kek
This, holy fuck
its fucking EUROPHIC knowing that we arent too fucking late yetits when these yahoo fags are on board that we need to fucking bail
bitcoin>entirely untraceableTop kek.
like beanie babiesseems like someone is a bag holder
based diego bringing the bantz
>article is about tethers>rant about bitcointhis shit keeps on giving
ignore Bitcoin>suddenly all the boomers "Cash" is worth nothing
>thinking tangible physical wealth is the only thats real>doesnt realize that the world economy is built on credit and debt.>doesnt realize that 80% of the worlds wealth are just numbers on the screen and doesnt exist in physical form
How can you steal something that's not real He's got a point, you know
Wow.
Boomers have been handed such an easy ride financially that they believe they are experts in the art of wealth.It's actually painful.
To make things worse all of their pensions are coming in now after years of huge market growth post crisis.>a union job with a solid pension is what you need, mine paid for my house which is worth 50x original value and my pension is up 20x in the past 10yrs.
It's really not that hard.
*wheeze* literally every boomer.
My dreams aren't real but link still stole them from me.
normie comments
>thinking having a piece of paper with some green ink on it makes it realer
Wow...
I really never had seen nomies comment about bitcoin
Bitcoin isn't FDIC insured so I'm outLol that kiddo is under 18, almost certainly
Legit no hope for normies.
Its going to take years of explaining the underlying cryptography in the most dumbed down way possible to convince any of these retards that a hacker can't just hack their bitcoin...
I'm calling bitcoin bit-coin from now on