Hey /biz/, im a newfaggot looking to start investing in crypto.
I’ve heard a lot about XRP and how it has potential despite being stupid cheap.
Is investing in it a good idea?
No
Also if you have any suggestions for coins to invest in, I’m all ears.
I’m here to learn
yes i think XRP will do good next yearget some ADA too.
it be kind of like buying Ripple early.
xrp is super solid but its a long term hold.
price is stable and wont pump much.
its a good bag to hold for a few years
If you're in for a long term investment go for it, otherwise don't
Hold some ETH for a while and just lurk.
Don't panic buy or panic sell.
You just need some experience.
My ETH wallet:0x14bA4327999E9Bb46AB2b1C2b9f26D59798AFa5f
https://youtu.be/Ja9D0kpksxwADA.
Kind of quietly in the top 15.
price doesn't matter potential for increase price mattersi think xrp is a must own
I don’t know what to do with those numbers and letters anon
/biz/ hates ripple, in fact most NEET speculators hate ripple because the market never plays to their expectations during / post conference.Tech is promising, branding is A+, institutional support is slowly (*slowly*) dripping in, market cap is huge, potential use case is very real.As a long (all crypto is high risk i think) investment, it's perhaps one of the best to buy and ignore for 6 months currently..50 cent per XRP is not unobtainable within 6 months at all.
1 USD in 2018 might happen.
Or it could cripple down to 10 cent and stay there forever.
If you are fine with holding longer than 9 months at least, xrp is a good choice.
Since most of /biz/ seem to lack patience or are more into daytrading, most people will tell you to choose another crypto to invest in.
4337248ShillsRipple is the definition of a premined scamcoin.
the ripple company owns virtually all of the ripple in existence.
Why do you say it's cheap?
Even token price is cheap, the price could be overvaluated (i'm not saying thats the case).
Coin or token price is useless.
You should look at the marketcap + real value of the project to know if it's cheap
So if I wanted to buy XRP from my phone, how do I do it?
Is it possible?
i think you can from Mr. Ripple, a exchange in japan
Ripple is good90% of /biz/ fell for the BCH dump and pump meme, so don't listen to the no-ripplers ITT.
Accumulate and take it for the long hold
I would say invest in coins which are cheap and stable (by looking at their past gains).
As XRP is currently cheap too so this is the right time to buy it.
By early next year, major banks are adopting XRP to liquidate their currency.
When the institutional money will buy XRP it will see HUGE gains.
YOu can check this account for more info.
(https://twitter.com/TplusZero) FYI, this is not my account.
Good luck Fag
100 Billion Ripple tokens or XRP are in existence.
Ripple holds 61 billion of them.
this.
long hodl is for adults who have gained wisdom.
I mean that's really all you need to know.
and 55 billion will be locked in escrow at the end of the year.
If you want to actually make successful calls and not lose all of your money join our group.https://discord.gg/9jguGnM
Sure why not
1 USD in 2018 might happen.
Or it could cripple down to 10 cent and stay there forever.Say XRP has potential for a 80 cent rise or perma crash, get called a shill.
Stay retarded /biz/
XRP is better than sticking your money in a savings account, but at best it will 4 x over several years.
For most crypto traders this is obscenely slow.
However it is a pretty solid bet and you should see decent returns with little risk.
Bitcoin will probably see faster gains in a shorter timeframe though, and smaller coins like Vertcoin will have much larger gains over the short term.
Stay away from ICOs and total shitcoins that get skilled here, as a newb you will get wrecked with pump and dumps