As per subject.If you're on this board, know about the attempted flippening, tethers, etc - why are you holding your BTC?
So much uncertainty for the king...
Personally I want to see BTC live a long and steady life, I dont think the flippening is good for anyone in the medium term, though I do feel like it is a Netscape navigator moment.
Doubt anybody expects 10k before Tuesday next week at least, wouldn't you prefer to take a safe haven and ride out the storm (maybe dabbling in some BCH just in case, paid for by your recent gains?)
you want me to trade my real BTC for some fake ass BCH?
kys
That guy is going to have a boo boo soon.
I'm holding eth, it might emerge true victor while btcs are fighting
No, definitely dont trade your BTC.
But why not switch in to LTC, XMR, XRP or some other solid, stable coin for a few days?I would take even a 5% hit for that kind of security.
I am scared of Roger and Jihan desu, but thanks for the volatility regardless
I hedged and sold lots of mine during the peak but let's not kid ourselves: NOBODY KNOWS what is gonna happen next
fuck, even dirty fiat dare I say it
I tried moving money into alts and got burned.Had some nice trades during the last couple of weeks, so my luck must have run out.
Need to cease trading and move the funds out of exchanges at least for a month.BTC is still going strong, all the FUD and the flippenings have only wavered it to like 10%, I expect a big surge during the next 2 months.
However, I'm aware that institutional investors can play me like a fiddle.
So don't really know which coin to hold.
Currently diversifying between 3 coins, with 50% in BTC.
Absolutely man.
Been in the game 6 months, learned so much, made a lot, lost lot, tried different strategies and trying to learn as much as I can from anon bros.It's been a laugh regardless and after the next crypto winter, I will be heavily investing in the phoenix coin that rises from the ashes
Ha, no way.
It's end of the year and time for annual reports.
Fiat is going to tank.
Literally just till Sunday night/Monday morning, to ride out the storm is all I'm saying
I don't think anything will happen.
If BTC is about to fall, it might last for many weeks or even months.
Don't know, just sold BCH gains expecting the last breath before the dip.
But everyone is expecting one, and you know, thats when the pump comes.
maybe dabbling in some BCHgtfo shillBtw this FUD campaign is one of the weakest shit I've seen
Changed all my BTC to ETH (fuck you if you think I'm buying BCH), gonna ride this out and buy the dip.Sold high, gonna buy low.
bro, do you even TA?
Bitcoin diamond nigga
yep, but, bitmex dumps tomorrow and "buy the rumor sell the operationDS"
totally not shilling.
Actual adult conversation here, gtfo if you dont want to participate
I lost 90% of my crypto in shitty alts.
My last 2 BTC are now in a trezor.I got 0.19 in exchanges being traded trying to get some money back.
My BTC stay in the trezor until I can retire and just use my BTC directly without paying taxes.The other coins might help, or not, but if I lose the stuff on the exchange I'm fine now.If I make 1 BTC I'll put 0.5 on the trezor again, and like this forever.I'm viewing each BTC for the price they will have in 10 years, $200k+