Honestly how genius is he?I lived in China for three years and the people would rather steal a buck today than wait for 3 bucks tomorrow.
That's why I wasn't worried about him.
Boy was I wrong, that was the sickest long con I've seen in these markets.
Much more balls than market maker manipulation in the OTC Markets.
Why are the Chinese so impulsive to screw people over?
When people realise that they shouldnt invest ANYTHING Chinese -- blockchains, crypto coins, tech etc.
EVERYTHING IS AS CAM and will be flipped in a moments notice.
Comes with higher intelligence.See also: Jews
are you fucking telling me anon that if you weren't as smart as him you wouldn't do this too?
Honestly how genius is he?>I lived in China for three years and the people would rather steal a buck today than wait for 3 bucks tomorrow.
That's why I wasn't worried about him.
Boy was I wrong, that was the sickest long con I've seen in these markets.
Much more balls than market maker manipulation in the OTC Markets.
>Why are the Chinese so impulsive to screw people over?What did he do?
Chinks are just thin eyed kikes at the end of the day.
Because they're Jews of the East.
Nothing really BCH dumped so everybody is calling it a scam
would rather steal a buck today than wait for 3 bucks tomorrowYou've perfectly encapsulated the BCH "flippening."
If the chink miners actually succeed in killing BTC, they will have killed the goose that lays the golden eggs.
Investor confidence in crypto as a store of value will be completely destroyed for years, if not forever.
All for some shortsighted pumping profits on an asicboost shitcoin.
Just like stock market crash in 08 destroyed investor confidence in the stock market right?
autism shoes Kek someone make a jihan at a party meme
anyone who bought BCC deserve to lose it's money, no discussion on that period.
It's closer to the great depression because the time-frames are the same relative to inception.
If the value of the S&P500 index fund could somehow go to zero just because somebody decided they came up with a better index methodology, that would be a better analogy.Bitcoin is supposed to be the bedrock of this new market.
If some chink miners can effectively overturn its definition and destroy the value of people's holdings, you're kidding yourself is you don't think that's going to profoundly affect the way people view its suitability as an investment.
In short, if BTC is killed, there will be no "crown" for any other coin to assume, and crypto will never live up to its full potential as an asset class.