*loudly moons*

30k accumulated since 7-8k sats
fuck finally were mooning lads

Ohhh yea baby.
Holding 90k rlc until 2020.
Hopefully I'll be a millionaire by then
oh fuck, someone pls put up a wall for 2 hours
This is from today?That's awesome news, but IBM doesn't make partnerships overnight.
Both from todayThe partnership tomorrow is not IBM, something else.
"IBM claimed in April 2011 that 80% of Fortune 500 companies were using IBM cloud, and that their software and services were used by more than 20 million end-user customers, with clients including American Airlines, Aviva, Carfax, Frito-Lay, IndiaFirst Life Insurance Company, and 7-Eleven.
[11]" decentralized cloud computing is the future.
Trust me guys on this i exec will be worth billions especially with IBM in their corner.
Microsoft partnership>solid dev team>announcement soon
They don't have a microsoft partnership.
Pretty sudden spike there.
There's a lot of itchy trigger fingers it seems.
Will be interesting to see the reaction as news travels the next few hours.
had an okay entry point>trying to exit and reenter under 8k was sketchy cause the vol was so low>stuck in 8090 limbo cause I missed my 9k sell the other day while I was sleeping>only up 16%life is a very tolerable sort of sufferinglong live rlc, are we gonna hit over 10k or should I look for an accumulation point soon?
I just want more
Is "solid dev team" the meme of the year?>pic related
Forgot to mention>only 3.5kI'm an iexeclet
>tfw this will bring it to 2.50 by tomorrow afternoon at its current market capI THOUGHT I HAD MORE TIME
iExec could literally be running half the internet in the not too distant future.
This is brute force technology that even has IBM cloud asking for a meeting.
If you aren't balls deep in this you have my condolences.
$300+ price by 2023-2025
literally etherium under a dollarThis is my fucking point.
This project is fucking unreal.
The price could quadruple overnight and I would buy more out of pocket.
The ideas of a decentralized computing market is fucking revolutionary and it's already running at Iexec.Too bad they're so bad at selling it, for now.
Surely you mean too good because we can accumulate more?
don't make me triple fomo.
partnership will be tiny
Wow, we got an insider over here.
You had all last week to buy anon, it was hovering under 8k.
It might go back there in the next couple days but I can't guarantee that this doesn't find a new floor above 10k if this partnership news is legit.I'm already comfy all in over a week ago or I'd be fomoing with this news
oh i'm in for 40k since months ago, i keep wanting more hehe
any partnership will take it higher than where it is
since months agoYou have iron hands anon.
Your faith is why I hodl