GET IN HERE GET IN HERE
Bought in late ... at 1650 level, hope it turns out fine
OMG OMG TODAY I FINALLY UNLOAD MY BAGSIm a 2nd gen bcash bagholder
But anon, the flippening!
Satoshis vision!!
Fully loaded, 100% BCH, spacesuit on
And sold at 1705, this shit is scary
Can I sell my alts for BCH if a flippening happens?
fuck satoshi.
First I want to upload my bags(also make a profit at it) and then hedge with some cheap Buttcoins
Learned my lesson, not buying into this shit again

upload

ITS FUCKIN GHAPPENING
czeched.
No the crypto ecosystem will be shocked and there will be a short alt winter as the system moves over to BCH pairingsthis is the only true Bitcoin.
Do you like Jews or something?fuck you
You know who never gets ahead in life?
Quitters.
Also it should be noted that your a retarded lost cause if you can't separate your emotions from the potential gains of this coin.
18 hours till difficulty adjustment.Volumes not that high just yet.
I don't think it's actually on yet, but clearly many people can finally see the writing on the wall and are pre-positioning for the final battle.
No fucking way I'm taking sides in this dick measuring contest between BCH and BTC, I put all my holdings in ETH this morning and when the dip comes I'll just buy at a profit.
I hope BTC wins, because thats the brand normies are familiar with
You got a long ways to go kid.Im pushing 500 BTC in a few hours.
Watch.
Same.
I don't think anybody actually thinks this crap is going to happen, but I desperately need to unload these bags and until then I'll keep on shilling
pretending to be a bch bagholder when you're hodl btc
Fuck normies.
They don't get to make the rules.
They need to learn what they think doesn't matter, reality doesn't give a fuck.
good reason for wanting btc to win
Flippening>Dragon slayerWhat is the next one going to be called?
this is why stacy never loves you and tyrone will always in.
This is fee money.
We go 2500 today.
You can also pick a lot of cheap crushing alts along the wayi bought at 2days ago ATH and you all laughed at me and told me to go suck Jihans cock.
Well then, Im in the green now and Im pretty /comfy/ now
how high we going?
Miss me yet?
Buy the dip
its 9am in Korea.
We pump tilll midday
there's no dip retard
I can't believe how no one is talking about this on the cryptocurrency subreddits.> inb4 REEEEE plebbitMy point is how few people are paying attention to the great price action of the 3rd biggest crypto in the world.> Didn't buy in at $1100 after selling off at the peak of last weeks pump.It's like people hate money.I predict BCH will pump to $2500 again and then the new floor will be $1500
Resistance at $1800, if we can break that it's moon time.
censorship
Bitcoin cash previous bagholder here.I genuinely hope bitcoin core dies and you stupid cunts lose all your money.Because of your constant did I sold 10 at barely above even, I would be at 20 grand now.
I only have 5 left now.Your reckoning is near, and will be just.
I believe in you Jihan
czeched.
Also reddit spacing, welcome new friend.
The thing is such matters usually go over normies are usually unaware of their surroundings and chose to ignore environmental stimuli.
Autists however do not and process everything.
This is what makes autists autistic
I suppose you didn't see the dip from 0.223 to 0.211 pal
Dubs of intelligence.
U are correct.
There is a very simple way of solving this conflict:Just call bitcoin cash, "Coin Cash">Coin Cash
FYI, for anyone that wants to know what the actual conspiracy theory is, you can read about it here:https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoincash/comments/7f39m0/the_operation_dragonslayer_conspiracy/?st=jad7w3yc&sh=df2a081a
talking about supporting jews while voting for coin that would exclude out everyone but the biggest of the big miners in the future
 satoshis have been deposited to your account
It's the Chinese Koreans again you fucks.
Stay awake and sell at a high tonight.
Or wake up to losses.
This right here.
Just starting to lace up the moon boots and put on the suit.
Launch happens at difficulty adjustment.
Should I sell now??
Should I buy now??
Everyone in this thread, starting to get scared, worried if they should sell or buy, please read this post
4531121the absolute state of /biz/
They just want to keep PnD'ing.
Makes complete sense.
If life has taught me anything it's to trade opposite to what is biz's meme of the dayShorting bch now, target 1100
I can't click link from Mimi app to another thread.
Short work break I bought in right before the pump out of time for analysis
That post has more parts, it's not just that part, go read the full thread.
No you need to do the opposite of what reading Biz makes you feel you need to do.
gonna buy and sell before bed
GTFO now you're getting played
I was just thinking this.
If bitcoin crashes it would crash the whole market, no one would trust Bitcoin Cash.
The rich boys aren't going to break their toys and throw them away like that.
Why go for one big cash out when they they can ride waves of PnD over and over again indefinitely?
this is the right way to do this.
don't wake up to losses
yes,if you take side you are being stupid.
we are here to make money.buy now around 1700s sell at 2500s,
I was with you brother.
BCH has made all of the pain go away.
It showed me the light.
whens difficulty adjustment?
https://bitcoinwisdom.com/bitcoin/difficulty
this explains so much lol.
most of 4chan responds to every stimuli while most normies glaze over things.
good way of putting it anon.
Nov 24th, 20:25 18 hours, 42 minutes (120 blk)https://fork.lol/pow/retarget
You don't drown falling in water senpai, you drown staying there desu
BITCOIN IS WORTHLESS SEND IT HERE AND FREE YOURSELF1BFdf5Pe3YHVS83pyytDhAXYLHhrHn4Wfi
Sent, thanks man
send all, thanks
The absolute state of biz, indeed.
and whats expected to happen to bch price at that point?
go up or dump?
just sent 100k, thank you sir
I don't care who's side you're taking in the pissing contest.
It's free fucking money.
Get in boys.
Chinks will pump this all day
Miners will switch to BCH pushing up the price.Let them be true believers.
Someone has to pay us.
Satoshis vision is alive and well, anon
this be bcash territory anon
Satoshi wanted to reveal our ip addresses
What do you support the chinks or something?
BTC HODLERS < NOCOINERS < BITCOIN CASH HODLERS
can't wait till doegcoin annihilates bch shit
Go back to Israel Schlomo nobody likes you
I hope we're all gearing up for the junior varsity flippening when ZEN reks XMR
Getting close to the 1000 BTC wall.
This should be interesting to see what happens if people start eating into it
did the same thing but for monero