Good morning, /biz/ - I am looking for some advice.Since we are living in a modern "Golden Age", there must surely be some way we can all get rich and fast, but "how" I ask.My story is that I have been working on a personal project for a couple years now.
The intent was always to monetize it but without implementing any advertising or classical marketing (at a price).I will not go into too many details, but the project was designed around the philosophy of "sell something people want.
"What I am interested in hearing about are some alternative methods to funding/marketing a project.Picture unrelated but I would like to continue to provide a good life for her.
Plush faggot detected
Not entirely, but thanks for no useful contribution.Related to my issue, I have a website (a fancy .io) and I have tried utilizing Coinhive (to provide the ad-free experience I desire).
I crunched the numbers and I would be averaging $0.02/hr or around $176/year - almost enough to cover the costs.I haven't looked into ICO's, but is that a viable path?
How about some incentive..?
Comfy looking hamster den with based looking hamster broEveryone here will Make It as long as they say KEEP IT UP HAMMY
You've been pretty vague.
But if you're in the market of online sales, you've got to do the basics.Is the market relatively undervalued/unknown?Is it a niche product?Competitors?Is the product a one time buy or a recurrent buy (like supplements)?What are your over heads?I made a decent bit of cash selling supplements online via ebay and amazon.
Best product I was selling at the time was a multi vitamin valled natures gold.Im too busy to do it now, plus fitness/supplements are way saturated.
If I was getting back into it now, do not underestimate the buying power of teens.
You can make a decent profit by getting a few attractive peope to shill your product like "mud clay".If you're looking for something atm, and this just honest advice because I'm too busy, is Retinol.
It reduces fine lines/wrinkles, aimed at late 20's women and up, but is used by teens too.
Once people start using it, they dont stop, and will constantly recommend to their friends.
In this age of narcissism and instagram, targeting females with money who are desperately trying to preservet heir youthful looks is a solid go.
My gf bought it recently despite flawless skin.
Odler girls in work were using it during summer and just keep stacking it with other skin care routines.It has the label of a treatment AND a preventative; giving a huge fucking market.
Only thing is you cant import it in some countries.However you're up against all the insta shills etc, and unless you're an extremely attractive female, you are best off trying to be the person these shills buy their product off.