Wait so this operation dragon slayer, how exactly will it kill the dragon/BTC when BCH's difficulty will just readjust if it has too much hashing power?
Pls explain to brainlet
It won't adjust for 2016 blocks that's the point and when the miners leave it'll take even longer to adjust.
dunno mang.
got me 2 hundy in da finna bcash hot fire for a night or two.
No dude, BTC's difficulty might not readjust but doesnt BCH's difficulty readjust every 10 minutes?
bch daas only goal is 10min blocksminers will all switch over to bch because it will be much more profitable to mine because of the bch price rally that has started and is going to 8k
Sorry dude read it wrong been up for too long.The growth of bch during this period will counteract the increase in mining difficulty keeping the rewards high.
It will adjust, but not enough for BTC to become more profitable if they manage to crash the price of BTC.So basically they have to do both.
A pump of BCH, dump of BTC and chain death causing fear sales of BTC to further cement the downwards trend until it's gamer over.I'm pretty sure they have the BTC wealth to do be able to do this, and it's 100% certain that they could cause chain death even if BTC was more profitable for a while due to the hashing power that sides with BCH over BTC.Overall I'm not concerned that the flippening won't happen.
It seems to me to be extremely unlikely that it won't.
4519153Ohh now i get it, thanks brahs.
So why are the corelets so calm about this?
If the BCH price rises, or BTC price falls, BCH will become more profitable to mine.
This will draw miners to it until the BCH difficulty averages back to 1:1 (but BCH will have more miners than it had before).If the BCH price continues to increase, or the BTC price fall (or both for double the fun!
), even more miners switch over until it settles at 1:1 again - but even more miners will have permanently left BTC.
This means the 2-week/10min average blocks on BTC will be 4-week/20mins if 50% of miners switch to BCH, worse as more switch, and miners will never switch back to BTC unless both the BCH price falls and the BTC price rises.
I've never seen one that wasn't a shill
1- Miners go full BTC some hours before the BTC difficulty adjustment.2- When its completed, Roger Ver, Jihan Wu, etc.
starts selling their btc in 4-5 marketplaces at the same time.
We are talking about billions going out from BTC into Bitcoin Cash.3- Miners, that are with Jihan, switch to Bitcoin cash, hashpower adjusts up indeed, but Bitcoin cash prices also go x3-x5.
Profitability stays superior in Bitcoin cash due to such price.4- Mining a btc block gets eternal, to do the necessary blocks to make another BTC adjustment can now lengthen in time to months and months.5- Everybody realizes it, sending out BTC now will be suicidal, so everybody sells their BTC for another coins (Mainly bitcoin cash, which makes it go even further in price and profitability for miners).6 - Death spiral is in his prime, now can happen two things:a) Blockstream calls their secret mining basecamps that were buried under the great lake of Plovosky (Sarcasm, but hey, maybe they probably got some mining backrest awaiting for this moment to enter in the game) and suddenly bitcoin have a lot more of hashing power.
With this, only one problem is resolved, now they need to reverse the price changes and somehow return all the investments that fleed from BTC to BCC again to BTC.
Maybe Bitfinex starts to fraud-issue billions of dollars from USDT-Tether, but that would play against themselves medium-term.b) BTC is uncapable to generate hashing power and the next difficulty redjustment happens not before of 6 months.
People flee from BTC completely to Bitcoin cash leaving the maximalists and the people who doesnt give a fuck about those btc that bought by 0.5$ 6 years ago.I dont give a fuck about this battle desu, but the chances are with bitcoin cash, they played it better and both sides have to accept it.
Check out https://fork.lol/Despite BCH being consistently more profitable to mine during the last week/week and a half the miners haven't switched over to BCT in order to keep the difficulty high when next adjustment happens?
~1.5 days https://fork.lol/pow/hashrate
They survived this many years, they just keep spouting delusional nonsense now that it's clearly over.
Blah blah king this awesome that, don't try and distract me with like, facts and mathematics and physics and system architecture and shit.In short, they're going to get fucking massacred, and no crowd ever more richly deserved it.
Just this.
If that happens,> BCH takes over the crypto market> "real world" banks, institutions, investors all start dumping crypto en masse, because if bitcoin, the flagship brand can get manipulated and drop into a death spiral, all the alts and shitcoins are not safe either INCLUDING BCH> confidence in cryptocurrencies is irraparably destroyed because of petty infighting, power play and politics> cryptocurrency loses legitimacy, governments start banning any cryptocurrency wholesale to stem capital outflow> BCH supporters have a short-lived feeling of victory following the realisation that they fucked up and all their bags of internet money suddenly crashed like a whale from the skyEnjoy crashing the whole cryptocurrency ecosystem.
Enjoy crashing the whole cryptocurrency ecosystem.If the operation dragonslayer works, every altcoin (mostly BCH) will moon as people rush to sell their BTC.
Its only BTC that will die.
blaming BCH for trying to create satoshi's true vision>not blaming jew blockstreamers trying to make BCT unusable as a currency, fucking the fundamentals therefore creating a massive bubble
BCH is another altcoin, calm down
It's not manipulation.
People keep phrasing it like some kind of attack but nothing could be further from the truth.It is simply miners and stakeholders en masse choosing to abandon the core fork, because they have rightly recognised that it is against their rational self interest to support it.Nobody is to blame for that but core.
You don't get political seats in Bitcoin.
You try to maintain a grip on power contrary to the interests of the ecosystem and the ecosystem will take your fucking head.
"real world" banks, institutions, investors all start dumping crypto en masse, because if bitcoin, the flagship brand can get manipulated and drop into a death spiral, all the alts and shitcoins are not safe either INCLUDING BCHYou did little research or you are just a guy trying to FUD/Deny Bitcoin cash.the DAA adjustment prevents this from ever happening to Bitcoin cash.
Bitcoin cash can't die cause a miners attack.
BCC is literally invulnerable to a death spiral, THATS WHY THIS PROJECT WAS SO ATTRACTIVE IN FIRST PLACE.
Ffs educate yourself.The rest of your sentences depend of this first fact, so are also bullshit.
If you think bitcoin is that important you're deluded.
The only "outside investors" that cared about bitcoin where the less intelligent big dick speculators and normies who didn't know any better.None of those 2 groups were ever going to do anything except park their money in BTC anyway and many of the normies get their BCH from normiebase in january anyway.Ethereum & utility & platform currency tokens will become popular throughout 2018 because the services they are included in launch that year.
It's not going to be anywhere near another mt.gox.
Bitcoin just isn't that important.
It's not productive and it's not useful for anything, and now there are cryptocurrencies that are.The big crypto drawback will last at most a couple of months and it won't be anywhere near as severe as you people pretend to believe.
what would they sell into stocks?
fiat?Anyone that owned btc before the fork owns bch unless they were brainwashed into selling.
Smart money accumulated bch.crypto and precious metals are the only thing worth buying.
2018 is going to be the year of mass adoption and it will be the biggest bull market imaginable
You clearly don't understand cryptocurrency in a global, mainstream sense.Let me learn you some edumaction.Big banks, investment institutions, big private investors are pouring money into crypto BECAUSE of Bitcoin.
They do not care about BCH or any other altcoins, regardless of their technical superiority to Bitcoin.People can shout and scream that LTC, Dash, ETH or BCH are technically better, but they lack the 1 thing Bitcoin has: a brand name.In the *real world*, *normies* like some of the autists here like to call them, are the people who hold the big money.With the long bull run that BTC has been going on, there is a lot of excitement, but also the expectation that its just a fad, just a bubble, and it will pop at any moment.That could really become a bubble if BTC is shown to be vulnerable to manipulation by a relatively small group of manipulators (big mining groups), because for fucking sure, the mainstream world at large will turn away from cryptocurrency as a whole, and only use blockchain technology for other purposes.
the DAA adjustment prevents this from ever happening to Bitcoin cash.you think average joe or politician x is going to care about DAA or some bullshit?They will read the sensationalist headline "BITCOIN CRASHES AFTER MASSIVE DUMP, CRYPTOCURRENCIES UNDER FIRE" and that's it
there are alot of miners outside of China that are ready to pick up the slack if BTC loses some hashing power
Big banks, investment institutions, big private investors are pouring money into crypto BECAUSE of Bitcoin.
Are you talking about the CME futures senpai?
That shit is cash settled.
The institutions that held BTC also had their share of BCH when they forked.
>They do not care about BCH or any other altcoins, regardless of their technical superiority to Bitcoin.This is stupid desu, ever since BTC's transaction speed and cost became shit, you guys have been using the store of value meme ever since.
We all know that BTC's store of value meme is mainly because of Bitfinex's Tether pumps.
Look I love BTC for making me profit but its getting harder and harder to defend this shitcoin.
ON the contrary, I think BCH from a technical standpoint really does have merits.
But an artificial pump and dump that happened in a few hours?Like I said in my other post, DAA isn't going to matter for shit when real world, big mainstream money see BTC going down.
They will drop cryptocurrency like a hot rock, and everyone else will follow except some holdouts who still believe in MUH CRYPTO.
Those "big investors" are just speculators.The actual investors are pouring money into projects like Ethereum, QTUM, NEO and their tokens.
You know, like, things that are actually useful when the blockchains are integrated with services in a way that drastically increases efficiency and competitiveness in various markets.Tulipmaniacoin is a bubble that has no earnings potential besides growing as a bubble.
This is no longer the case for all of crypto.
normies are the people who hold the big moneyyou're a fucking retard hedge fund managers hold the big money and none of them sold their bch because if you understood bitcoin you'd understand you can't say what bitcoin is until one of the contentious hardforks comes out on top: nakamoto consensus
nah, BTC and cryptocurrencies are here to stay
That might be true but Jihan had a fleet of bugatti veyron's and other might coming with skodas...
Most of those miners outside china have sided with Jihan & Co.
It's the rational choice for all miners to side with BCH over BTC.
https://halongmining.com/this is going to change alot of things in the status quo, especially for Jihan and co.
You can't be that retarded.
Do you think a guy who is gonna invest 200 million dollars doesn't have a technological adviser that knows exactly how cryptocurrencies works?Really?
miners mine what is profitable
also, it will interesting to see if the Japanese will live up on the promise for a BTC miner on a 7nm dyeBitmain is starting to face some real big players run against them.
none of the trust fund managers sold.
CME is just one public face, and certainly not the biggest.
Other truly huge interests which you don't generally see on the news, but their money is felt.
If you saw how quickly BTC recovered when China first announced their hard stance on crypto, you'll get the idea.
But as you say, CME's futures are cash settled, which tells you that even they are hedging their bets.I don't really give a shit about whether BTC is a store of value or a medium of transaction.
Satoshi's whitepaper and vision aren't set in stone, and he isn't around to police it anyway.Circumstances change, and BTC evolved into a store of value, well there's literally thousands of altcoins that fill the role of a transactional cryptocurrency already.Also, Bitfinex is only one big exchange, it doesn't control nor represent the whole cryptocurrency ecosystem as a whole.
If it shuts down, there's many other exchanges like bittrex and poloniex who're more than happy to get their market share.
The USDT is mainly a Bitfinex issue, NOT one that affects every other site who just use USD instead of an internal coin.
Sorry.
My Dragon stepped on your knight.
Purely an accident, I assure you.
It's over.
people still believe in the institutional money memefucking hilarious...you probably think CME means wallstreet bigwigs will pump a trillion dollar in BTC at ATH, because that's what hardened investors do, buying high, it's the PERFECT strategy.nope, bitcoin futures literally means they're comfortably watching from the sidelines, BETTING on the price, they aren't actually buying bitcoin, it's like betting on a horse race.
that's what you people are to them, a bunch of retarded horses, entertainment.
and they are absolutely right.
If you saw how quickly BTC recovered when China first announced their hard stance on crypto, you'll get the idea.> The USDT is mainly a Bitfinex issue, NOT one that affects every other site who just use USD instead of an internal coin.My man, i dont think you understand that those are tether pumps.
Tether pumps affect the market as a whole.
But I'm not going to bring up the tether scandal here since the thread is about the operation dragonslayer.
>I don't really give a shit about whether BTC is a store of value or a medium of transactionSo even a hardcore corelet like you admits that BTC's only purpose is selling to a greater fool.
If that doesnt scream BTC is in a bubble, then i dont know what does.
the CME is probably the biggest credibility boost for BTC.
futures and options are the main tools that institutions use to hedge.the question is which of the top European institutions will be the first to follow suit.
probably the Germans.
?I was never talking about people who have $200m invested, I was talking about the general opinion of cyptos.
I really don't give a shit about all your "corelet" vs "altcoin gud" bullshit.
I'm in to make money, and i'm not averse to buying BCH low and selling it when it gets pumped.IF BCH was the main cryptocurrency brand, i'd be saying the same thing about it as I am about BTC now.Tether pumps are no different from the BCH pump n' dump either if you're talking about market repercussions.
The point is, *one* exchanges' comparatively small fuckup isn't going to affect the ecosystem as a whole very much.And if you want to talk about bubbles, EVERY fiat AND crypto currency is technically a bubble as well.
IF BCH was the main cryptocurrency brand, i'd be saying the same thing about it as I am about BTC now.BCH is a fucking fork of BTC.
By that logic, you expect BTC to never have significant technical changes.>I really don't give a shit about all your "corelet" vs "altcoin gud" bullshit.
I'm in to make money, and i'm not averse to buying BCH low and selling it when it gets pumped.Yet clearly you keep being emotional towards Bitcoin core.
If you're here to make money why are you so against the possibility of BCH taking the role of Bitcoin in the crypto space?
A betting platform is the biggest credibility boost.I really hate this world.
if anything that image only strengthens my point.
whatever you people think, bitcoin is nothing more than a hot potato, one little black swan event and your "digital gold" won't be worth anything.that's why wallstreet plays it extremely well by implementing CME.
you can make a lot of money off this sweet volatile asset, but you don't actually have to hold it.
btw, remember what happened after the last mania phase?
bettingif by this you mean that trading derivatives is betting, than sure.you bet on if your bidding/asking price will be filled based on your prediction as to where the market is heading.
but it has been like this since Babylon.
You misunderstand my point.
If in another reality BTC was a fork of BCH, i'd be saying that trying to kill off BCH is a stupid idea.I'm only emotional about people who think killing the golden goose will make them more money, but in fact its *BTC* that's drawing in mainstream money INTO the cryptocurrency space.
Not BCH, not ETH, nor any of the other cryptocurrencies.Go ahead and ask people around you if they know what Bitcoin is.
And then ask if they know what is bitcoin cash or other cryptocurrencies for that matter.Kill off BTC now, and people lose faith in cryptocurrency when the mainstream world in general are only starting to come to grips with it.
If people REALLY wanted BCH or some other more worthy cryptocurrency take BTC's place, let it happen as a matter of natural progression and phasing out old for new (like cassettes to CDs to DVDs to thumbrives etc), not hyping "dragon slaying" BS.
BCH taking the role of Bitcoin in the crypto spaceNobody is going to buy into crypto if $130 billion worth of money can magically crash to zero because "LOL xDDDD THAT MONEY WAS OUTDATED BY SIX MONTHS :PPPPP DON'T YOU KNOW MONEY BECOMES WORTHLESS IF IT DOESN'T GET ITS SOFTWARE PATCH ON TIME xDDDDD"tldr; kill yourself you underaged teen reddit retard.
how retarded are you my friend, cant you see the natural progression and phasing out happening right now?
Fucking blinded retard, btc is done, bitcoin cash is bitcoin
Nobody is going to buy into crypto if $130 billion worth of money can magically crash to zero because "LOL xDDDD THAT MONEY WAS OUTDATED BY SIX MONTHS :PPPPP DON'T YOU KNOW MONEY BECOMES WORTHLESS IF IT DOESN'T GET ITS SOFTWARE PATCH ON TIME xDDDDD">tldr; kill yourself you underaged teen reddit retard.Judging by how emotional you are, you will be the first one to kill yourself when you lose a lot of money because of BCH taking over.
Might i suggest slashing your wrist vertically?
You fucking mongoloid.
Haha
fucking this, well said anon
The institutions are into ETH, they don't care as much as you think about BTC, the entire "storage of value" is all in the head of r/bitcointards, no bank is taking this meme seriously, for them it's just a very new and extremely volatile asset.In fact lot of people are actually betting on Ethereum becoming first marketcap in the two coming years, even Ver said it recently I think.
Crypto people might look at alts.
But BTC is propped up by casual investors and non-crypto institutions.
They'll pull out into fiat or maybe metals, NOT other crypto.
chink calling others mongoloidHow does it feel cucking for Jihan?
You're his little Internet white knight and you probably aren't even getting paid.I bet you'd suck off his micron dick for free too.
thinking this is a natural progression and phasing outkys.
You are blind my friend, kys
Bitcoin core are :-> Communist> Statist> Uncompromising> Stuck-ist> Betting on solutions that will not be ready for years> A centralised dev team unwilling to recongise they are centralised > Comprised mostly of blockstream employees; CEO of blockstream tweets like a child, slanders others and has multiple conflicts of interest; Blockstream owned by DCG - governing board includes many banks and bitfinex> In favour of Censorship> Deluded in their understanding of economics, to the point of making BTC a ponzi> Adding features for the sake of complexity> Deluded in that they think they are the best and only devs capable of taking bitcoin forward> Deluded in that they think transactions that could add value to the network are "spam"> Incapable of listening or debating> Incapable of doing business with> Incapable of admitting they are wrong> Incapable of apologising> Misunderstanding of the value miners add to the network> Trying to create patented third party, off chain solutions that don't work on paper> Falsely claiming they are the only important voice in the community> Falsely claiming there are no solutions scaling challenges (big blocks, validating nodes shouldn't scale / claim they cannot be optimised)> Falsely claiming mining is unimportant> AND MOST IMPORTANTLYThey will end up HODLING FOR LIFE.
Dont be like core
I dont even hold BCH... yet.
Its just that you corecucks keep using the same bullshit arguments about BTC being a store of value.
Its pretty hard to defend the piece of shit coin BTC.
In fact you sound like the average r/Bitcoin subscriber lmao i wouldnt be surprised if you're the one from plebbit.
So show me, how many news sites are focusing on ETH, or any other altcoin for that matter.
How many mainstream stories are about"I became a millionaire because I bought ETH!
"For that matter, are JPMorgan, billionaire investors etc talking about any othe cryptocurrency other than BTC?Just check cointelegraph, or bitcoin dot com, coindesk or ANY other cryptocurrency news sites.
Every single one of them are focused on discussing BTC, and alts only get an article or two here and there.AGAIN like i've said earlier, I have no problem with alts, in fact im betting to make money off them.
But make no mistake, every single altcoin out there will die if BTC dies, because cryptocurrency is still not widely accepted in the global economy as a whole.
"Normies" are still skeptical about crypto, and are going to dismiss everything related to crypto if BTC fails.Get it into your heads, money is flowing in *THROUGH BTC* to filter into altcoins.
Cut that off, and you're killing the whole source of money going into cryptocurrencies.
calling others corecucks>honestly expecting people to believe he isn't a Jihan soyboy shillGo ahead underaged b& and post your portfolio.
I bet you aren't even worth $500 with your retarded grasp of basic economics.
you seem to think bitcoin is some kind of bank...like if you put in one billion, you can also get one billion out of it, it doesn't work that way.
price is fully dependent on market sentiment.
you don't need a huge amount of money to prop up the price, it could very well be completely artificial, but as long demand > supply that doesn't matter.
however, that also means that if the demand starts fading you're fucked.
Just wait.
Bitcoin as we know it will be erased from history and bitcoin cash will be rebranded as bitcoin.
The normies will never have a clue what happened, nor will they care when they find out.
They will use the tech regardless because its what everyone else does.
calling others corecucksIf you noticed, i called core supporters "corelets"  before you started being so aggressive.
>I bet you aren't even worth $500 with your retarded grasp of basic economics.I have 90k in crypto alone.
100% of my money is inherited bieeetch.
how does it feel to wagecuck for money while i literally just received it for existing?
Noob
FYI banks and fiat money also works on that principle.
If everyone wanted to take out their money from a bank all at once, that bank wouldn't be able to pay everyone out.The gold standard was thrown into the dust, and practically all fiat money is not backed by assets
Jesus christ bitcoin maximalists are retarded
Hey dickheadSee this...Thats you, that is
this is what desperate bagholders actually believe
Average joe gets its news from TV.
As soon as they start pitching that Bitcoin Cash is an upgraded version, everybody else will follow.
In the end it's all about greed.
If Hedge Funds can by BCH at 1K when BTC has been proven to reach 8K why not pitch it?
4- Mining a btc block gets eternal, to do the necessary blocks to make another BTC adjustment can now lengthen in time to months and months.But if mining a block gets eternal, that means people won't be able to do any transactions, and if that's the case, how will they be able to move their coins into an exchange to trade teir BTC for alts?This only works for people that keep their BTC in exchnges, and no one with more than 0.5 BTC does that.
if you can't form a rational statement to address my points, kindly sit in a corner with your bags of devalued shitcoins.
Uh, why would Bitfinex's cold wallet have 128K btc?https://bitinfocharts.com/bitcoin/address/3D2oetdNuZUqQHPJmcMDDHYoqkyNVsFk9r
I might be a wagecuck, but I highly doubt someone with your retarded lack of vision has $90k in crypto.Enjoy crashing the entire market for 5 years.
You can watch your $60 on Bittrex go to zero.
Hey dolphin, do you work for blockstream ?
supporting a coin where 90% of it is held by an actual communist and backed by a communist government>calling others communistAs for the rest, didn't read.
>tfw holding equal amounts of BTC and BCH and 20% in ETHEnjoy worrying about which coin will win, I literally can't lose.
hello, i'm very rich too sir, shall we suck each others dicks?
I'm pretty sure communism isn't a race, but whatever they say on r/bitcoin I guess.
I don't understand your point.
one coin moons>other two dumpsyou just lostthat said, I'm similar (35% vs 32% vs 25%).
The rest are some other shitcoins
i know people have said this crypto thing will collapse for years.but the bubble will burst, inflation is to high.
Oh yeah?
How about my dad?
He agrees with me and he holds a lot of BTC too?
You really want to play this game faggot?
crypto is growing against gold
Imagine being so desperate that you photoshop a picture just to win an argument on the internet
Ethereum is a safe refuge from all the Bitcoin drama, unlikely to crash anytime soon.I believe in BTC and think the BCH flippening is highly unlikely, but not impossible.Either way, my BCH has been nice gains so far, BTC has also increased greatly, ETH has seen a recent increase.I think the most likely scenario is that BCH crashes down to it's previous levels of $300-$500, and BTC continues upward to $10k and above.Eth will likely chill at $400-$500 for a while, but i see potential to hit $2000 before the end of next year.I could survive a total ETH or BCH crash, but no crypto would survive a BTC crash.Play it safe anon, you will be happy you did when you see the entire first page filled with pink wojaks in a couple of weeks.
He started using the inspect element meme first faggot.
4520278>Shitcoin trash shills think $1.1m absolutely must be shoppedThis is how I know you're underage b& poor trash plebbitors with no stake in the game and no grasp of economic theory.
Would you prefer if i made my inspect element $500k?
So my larp would be more believable?
Stay poor.
Meanwhile you shithead kids are going to cost the rest of us a lot of real money, and this entire industry will die because of your "lol xDDD muh based gook" fanboyism.You don't care, because you aren't responsible enough to have the money to care.
maybe i mined a shitload of bitcoins back in 2009, impossible scenario, right?>no stake in the game and no grasp of economic theoryfuck off m8, crypto is nothing more than riding hype waves.
Absolutely this.
BCC shills are absolutely delusioned and don't know what they are doing.
They want BCH to succeed because they missed out on BTC, not realising they'll never make it.
crypto is nothing more than riding hype wavesWrong.
Digititalized currency is the largest breakthrough since the Internet, and dumb games like the one this slant Jihan is playing will destroy faith in the industry forever.You are impeding progress, by degrading this transition into "le epik maymays", "moon missions xDDD", and "corecucks btfo'd!!".
You dumbshits will destroy everything.
boohoo...if you actually care about crypto btc and bch are both shit.
POS>POW, so ride the BTC/BCH waves and put everything in ethereum.
BCH supporters are absolutely fucking retarded
I hate normies.
They can go away and come again another day.
Its not real,A bunch of LARPING faggots trying to get rid of their Bcash bags.
Pathetic actuallyand what a dumb fucking name.How anyone can think this is real is beyond me.
These are the exact kind of posts shareblue used to make on /pol/ during the campaign>former Trump supporter here, look it was fun and all but its getting harder and harder to defend this idiotWhy are you shilling here?
I also transferred everything to Ethereum while BTC and BCH see who has the biggest crypto dick.When it's done I'll just buy the dip.
Shut the fuck up you deluded brainlet.
Mindless corecuck drone "urr hur dur bitcoin always king" DYOR and maybe you will learn the reason why anyone with a brain is buying bitcoin cash and not holding "muh useless store of wealth"Blockstream is owned by the bankers, fuck the bankers they are the root of all evil and i would rather eat Jihans asshole than submit myself to a corrupted bitcoin core aka future slave coin
bch will pump ofc, will this flippening happen?
maybe not.
either way, I got bags of bch to cash out when the pump begins, trading for eth for a safe trade, ggwp both sides are retarded
GUYS, cant we all agree to dump BTC and buy BCH ?
lets all just fucken do it now
why not show what coins u hold and then send a transaction of .01 cents to proof its ur wallet?