It has started.First it was NEO, now it's QTUM.Jump on this spacerocket!
pump my bags:the post
what, you didnt sell that fat green candle anon?
Not OP, but I'm not selling any until 50k sats, and even then it won't be my whole stack.
QTUM is going to be a big deal.
I sold all my NEO to buy QTUM yesterday :)
4455346Read the chart on more time.
Here we go, guys.
nah, for the longest time when all the good news was releasing (mainnet swap, etc) qtum was worth 10-11 bucks.
The news did not pump the price because this was in the midst of the btc run up after china dip (ie the period of blood alts) and thus we saw value in btc dropping, but usd value holding.
Then, more recently (past week or two) we see a rise in USD price to around 14 bucks per.
This is why I sold the big green candle this last hour.
But make no mistake, when it drops back to 176~ in an hour or so I plan to buy back in.
Its already happeningOf course thats the riskier path, with your path being buy now and hold for a month or so (safer gains).
Because I agree with you - QTUM is going to be a big deal, basically the real Ethereum of asia (NEO is western hyped bs, all volume on bittrex etc etc)But big green candles in such a short time period?
(ie 2 hours) are the perfect opportunity to increase your stack by 10% or so
inb4 'pricing his coins in usd'When btc is this volatile, you also have to pay attention to usd price
I will concede one thing though, and what is probably responsible for those green candlesQBAO ICO (on QTUM) crowdsale has started earlier today.
500QTUM minimum contribution.
and has 3 (or 4?)
tiers of bonus tokens based on contribution (% bonus) with 3 days for the first, 1 week for the next tier, and then two more weeks for the third (10%/5%/0% bonus)I was expecting more of a volume spike, but maybe its flying hard under the public radar
>was going to take /biz/'s advice for once>looked at the chart for QTUM>can't even see what OP is talking about, so I assume he's on a 1 minute chart.I'm out, fuck you op.