Regulation based on Neo, to avoid scam ICO's Neo forces ICO to pay 500 GAS to register a smart contract.
This act as a solution for china's problem with scamy ICO's.I am convinced on this.
going all in .
hope for the bigger news.-- buy the rumor sell the news.
I hope so too anon.
I hope so too...
when the fuck is this supposed to happen?
lol.
there are tons of solutions put there.
who the fuck buy gas.
shill, drop bags.
"there will be no news about regulations tomorrow, just so that everyone is clear on that.
"https://twitter.com/malcolmlerider?lang=en
https://twitter.com/malcolmlerider?lang=enI am saying buy the rumor and sell the news.
this will have a decent FOMO tmrw.
if the news turns out sideways, have a sell ready already.
this is the news lel get rekt>http://neo.org/competition.html
http://neo.org/competition.htmlThis is not news idiot, this is normal ass shit.
To build on the NEO platform you have to pay 500 gas up front.
Price already dumping
http://docs.neo.org/en-us/sc/systemfees.html500 GAS to initiate a smart contract for developers.
Isn't 500 GAS like $10?
How will that solve anything?
This isn't exactly news though, this has been discussed multiple times already.
Anon... Each gas is currently $25
KEK500 GAS x $24= $12,000.
To build on NEO you have to put up a chunk of change to let them know you are serious.
I know the news
4460856Fugg I fugged up.
Sorry anons.
Gas (GAS)$23.85
is this news bullish?
Some gay ass bull
depends, I think it is, but it remains to be seen if the announcement is priced in, or if only the announcement of an announcement is priced in.
I bought more at 40, but I'm not all in.
the news will turn out sidewaysno regulations = uncertainty = low priceBig investors want certainity
But much like the moon to 50 dollars followed by Jamie dimon and China FUD, and how the BCH flippening was cut short by the BitThumb hack, it seems like the neo news will be concurrent with the BitFinex fallout.
Neo and Eth might be solid hedges, though
News is a fuckin smart contract competition you brainlet.
Check the price and forever hold your bags.
This has been discussed for awhile before today.
This is not the news.
NO SHIT IT HAS BEEN DISCUSSED A WHILE> THAT IS WHY IT IS SO DISAPPOINTING AND THE PRICE IS FALLING
Tell me where this is proven to be the news.
the news is shit we've know since it was a fucking antOk
Dude the price isn't falling, it's been fluctuatings for a few days now between 38 and 41 idiot.
Have you been paying attention at all?
This is not the news.
The dude who made the initial hype announcement was already aware of this and there's nothing new posted on his twitter.
I want to dispel the neo fud.
So heres an article proving it was openly talked about on the official neo reddit 3 days ago.
NEO and Microsoft to announce dev competition.
: NEO - Redditif you look at the cooperating company, you get a hint about what the news will be.
Now, feel blessed as i have shared with you whats been allowing me to accumulate for so long.
so there is coming big positive news?
i cant fathom being this retarded
He's a pajeet, leave him alone.
Already, many have read this tweet and the price has jumped a dollar.
I suggest you all do the same and sage this thread.
This is the single best trading advice given to me by someone we all know and love.
When someone points at the moon, don't look at the finger.
If you make it, please tip me ETH or any ERC20 token here:0x81D69967d330d3C876a2376e13C1750722EFF765cheers, to the moon