I want my daughter to own some cryptocurrencies that will be useful in the next 15-20 years.
What coins should I buy?
I have $130-150k to spare for my daughter's crypto investments.
spankchain
Bitcoin
if you are droping that amount buy BTC.Only buy 5k at a time spread a week or so apart just in case it dips you will be able to average out better.
Put it in a trust that she can not touch until she is 40, and old enough to make sane decisions.
I know this is the most popular cryptocurrency right now but I don't see how it's going to survive on the next decade.
Ethereum will be the only cryptocurrency in the future.
Ethereum.
Vitalik will secure the future of your little girl with his blockchain technology visions.
Her hymen belongs to him now, though.
Also, BTC and NEO, the Chink bitcoin.
buying an obsolete coin at the height of its exit pump
Don't buy Eth at ATH.
Maybe 10 BTC but I was hoping there might be some good coins that offer special services like inheritance, security, transportation, and probably healthcare services.Already did that.
I also had my stock and bank accounts inherited to her just in case I die tomorrow.
Buy her a hand full of Monero, ETH, some BTC and a bunch of newcomers.
Pick coins who have their own blockchain, stay away from ERC20 tokens.
Ethereum is the most future-proof coin right now IMO.
It it already the most powerful in features and usage, and the roadmap is very solid with many scaling and functionality improvements.
What a cuck having a daughter
What's ERC20 tokens and what's wrong with it?
What's ERC20 tokens and what's wrong with it?They all run on the Ethereum blockchain and are not autonomous projects, literally everyone can create an ERC20.
The only ERC20 you need is Ethereum itself.
get a nuls masternode for cheap under 10k then live off that for the rest of ur life.
The only ERC20 you need is Ethereum itself.Fun fact: Ether itself is not actually compatible with the ERC20 standard.
It is planned to become so in a future update though.
So this ERC20 tokens are hackable or what?
Why?
Wait until you have a son.
Your daughter can find any cuck to take care of her.
I'm already 56 years old and I'm satisfied with a legitimate child who can inherit my stuff.
How did you make your fortune gramps?
Good for you anon, you obviously know this but don't listen to /biz/tards on family advice.
Also your only chance if you're planning this far ahead is to buy currently established ones.
BTC and ETH.
Monero (XMR)
IOTA anyone?
My father had owned a lot of lands during the Soviet era.
Sold some of it when the stock market opened for the first time in the early '90s.
Selling watches/cameras, and doing repair services always gets you anywhere back in the days.
Buy neo bro.
Just compare the stats of investing in MN for Dash with MN for Diamond (DMD)
The only thing maintaining ERC20 tokens is ETHETH has already forked and has transaction cost and speed problemsETH could be usurped by a rival coin (NEO, LTC) or forked or just die putting those tokens in potential limbo over the next 15-20 years.The tokens could be set up to be exchanged by their creators in all those cases but you would have to be on it and do the exchange when it happens.Not a good scenario for a invest and forget it type dowry for daughter.
Good observation from a beginner, bitcoiners are stupid

For that long term and that initial investment you shouldnt be greedy, go with legitimate coins35% BTC35% ETHThen split the remaining 30% as you wish.
Most "projects" for specific applications currently are scams that will be worth nothing in 2 years, much less 15.
Stick to protocol coins (Dash, NEO, EOS, Tezos), privacy coins (XMR, ZenCash, ZCash) and maybe apps that seem attainable (credit cards like TenX/Monaco)Anything else needs to be monitored short term.
Exchange coins are one of the most legitimate uses of blockchain currently, and I wouldn't bet on any of those lasting more than ~5 years based on previous exchanges going under
test
Would you also recommend IOTA?
Tangle seems to be promising, it has some big player partners (was it BOSCH, VW?)
and transactions literally have no fees.
Buy Omisego/NEO/ETH/XMRRippleWIth the NEO/ETH and omisego she can live of interest without touching the orginal investmentRipple and XMR are for nice bonus on the way to buy her house or a car etc
Trying to speculate a market for longer than it has even existed is a generally awful idea.
The only moderately safe bet is Monero, but still yet a competitor could arise and replace Monero.
It's also silly to think that anymore than two or three crypto-currencies will be able to reach a firm grasp on mainstream adoption.
But that still leaves a distributed computing coin, which looks like maybe Neo, though it's even more likely Neo would get replaced since it's NOT A CURRENCY.
But it is the best and, unless another nation starts a proxy war (Russia might with Ether), the only one backed by a large government.
It will also generate (a small amount of) Neo if you run a full node.
If this interests you look into Neo proof of stake.tl;dr:This is a really bad idea, but if you have loads of dosh and don't care how sane your decisions are, 80% Monero, 20% Neo.
Keep all of them in cold paper wallets.
(a wallet you own that has never touched the web)