Has BTC mining stopped?
https://bitinfocharts.com/comparison/hashrate-btc-bch.html
No, but:1.
1MB blocks suck2.
Hashrate is bleeding off
Does anyone actually think that making a block 2MB is going to help anything in the long run?
These people can't exist.
WHAT THE FUCK!ALL MY LINK GONE!!!
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
read the whitepaper
The point isn't to help in the long run, the point is to help in the short-term while we investigate other long-term solutions.
Unless you believe that it's perfectly fine having 100,000 unconfirmed TX's for another year or two until the core devs finally finish LN
Omg satoshi
They are spamming the blockchain as predicted while Roger Ver pumps BCrash to exit scam it before Coinbase allows withdraws.
They are also spamming this website with the usual muh big blocks bullshit.
Note that MP didn't even dump his 1,000,000 BCH yet.
But bitcoin is not here to "help" "you"Bitcoin is for the rich to move wealth in a decentralized network, not for niggers to move 10 bucks here and there.
It isn't going to be compromised for subhuman transactions.
If you believe that, you are not an investor, you are not someone who wants to use Bitcoin right now, you do not believe that Bitcoin should be anything more than a store of value.
And that's fine.
People are moving to Bitcoin cash for now though, we'll see who wants Bitcoin more..
The people who want to use it as an exchange and store of value today, or the people who want to use it as a store of value til the end of time.
Cool.
Just stop spamming our network.
You shouldn't need to if bcash is as awesome as you shill it to be.
Fuck me I think the latest batch of shills are more moronic than the ones back in August if that's even possible.He is the epitome of an investor since he does not want to spend his investment and wants other investors to act the same way so as to maintain the price.
peopleAs in Roger Ver's pum and dump.It is already decided, everyone that matters (the actual big whales) are all for BTC, not a fucking altcoin.
MPMircea Popescu?
Bitcoin cash has zero network and essentially empty transactions.
No Segwit too so no LN potential.BCH is getting higher due to artificial pumps and the dump has started, not because it has syperior trch and a better team/roadmap.
ETH is the only current crypto with potential to flip BTC anon.
same AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH