OK, Linklets, real talk time.
I own well over 100k LINK and I am steadily losing confidence.
I don't care about retarded memes, non argumentative FUD and whatever.
I just want to have insightful discussions.Also, I just can't fucking be arsed with the 50% swings and constant bleeding anymore.
Literally every time Link made a move upwards, it was the better choice to just fucking sell and rebuy some days later.
Everbody knows this, so nothing will move here.
Same with the recent pump.
Now only bleeding again so we start off where we have been.
Holding is actually the biggest meme here, no matter how good the tech is.
Despite all the talk only few seem to REALLY have confidence this is going somewhere.
Otherwise it wouldn't get shorted all the time.I want to understand this on a rational level.
How is it possible that a project, that is already backed, endorsed and partnered by billion dollar industries including fucking SWIFT not making any serious moves, while OMG rises 100% when they put stickers on skateboards.
I mean not even with ETH it was that clear how good the project is.
Good news?
Price drops more.
No news?
Price drops more.
There are literally no bad news, no matter, price drops.The FUD that really got to me is, that still nobody can explain why you need the token first of all.
And second why the hell would anybody want the price to increase anyway, other than us holders and speculators.
If the network needs Link tokens to work, you buy a few when you need them and then they get sold for profit by those who receive them.
Why would the tokens ever increase to big levels?
The value of the tech does not directly correspond to the value of the token in my opinion.
From my understanding this means that LINK token won't really increase, no matter how many companies are going to adopt the system.
No reason to artificially increase the price of the necessary resource if you can keep it low as well.Or am I getting this completely wrong?
tldr dyor
Prove you have over 100k link.
You're just a FUDing liar
Sure, you could sell at the top of every pump and rebuy at the next low.
Oh wait, you can't and you won't, so just hold on to them for 6 months and be rich.
"Prove" holding 100k Link?
This is not even 20k at the moment.
Are you serious or do you only invest pocket money?
Whales laugh at this money.
Do what ever you want.
I personally hold 1 mil and feel comfy and won't sale unless fundamentals change.
Whatever you do is good for ecosystem, if you sell other will buy up and if you hold price will increase.With link you never loose
That is still no argument why the price would ever go up, or what possible reason there is, that any actual enduser is interested in having a higher token price.
i'll give you my honest thoughtsI DONT FUCKING KNOW MATE, ITS A FUCKING SHITSHOW>ready to end it
The point is you hold zero link and are lying about it
muh FUDYou can't just call reality "FUD" just because you don't like it
what is supply and demandWith low supply price will increase (the less sellers, the higher chance of demand increasing price).It will increase as mainstream exchange (bittrex or poloniex) add pairs, until that be ready to play whales psychological games.
I personally while it was at delta bought 500 k and after sibos crash bought rest.
As I said it is solid project and I see it at 3 dollars range as second etherium unicorn (first was OMG)
If you can't withstand market manipulation, maybe you should trade stocks as it is more protected from manipulations
I don't care.
The price will never go up.
It's a money sink.
Sell.
Please just fucking sell if you are holding any.
Don't question it.
Just take every single Link you have and sell them.
It's a trap you will never escape.
SELL NOW.
To sum up this thread; No one knows the future, link may go up and it may go down, investing in it is a gamble that could pay off big or fuck you hard in the ass.
It's like investing in disruptive technology is high risk, high reward Situation
k link isn't a lot of money you fucking poor faggot.
You aren't gonna make it
It doesn't have any use case, so nobody will demand this token for anything, swift is just something temporary, now sell your bags in the case is true in order for actual investors to buy at a lower price
the point is he has no LINK and is just making it up to give credence to his FUD.
you are a brainlet.
this
I got some Obsidian bags to sell you.
Good buy right now