>liberals and consumers are this fucking cucked and retarded about adstl;dr: >If you click "Skip" on the Youtube ads you're literally fucking stealingWhat the fuck is wrong with consumers these days?
It used to be that only 80% of the world was retarded.
now its grown to 95%
I think everyone else should keep watching ads to support the content creators and such and then the whole thing can stay profitable while I use adblock
Been surfing the net for 10 years with an ad blocker.Every phone I've had I root n has an ad blockerMy Jewish powers don't stop there.
visit social media page on the toilet>see video on home page, try to watch>there's a 20 second advertisement every 30 seconds of the videoSame thing when I see prices skyrocket for something, especially around university.>Try complaining about it>It's the free market.
This is what the public wantsA lot of shit doesn't even fucking work and breaks down a lot.>Consumers buy it anyway so they can complain about it more.
>Companies have no incentive to fix it.This system isn't working.
They are starting to notice that inflation, overinvestement and overconsumption is not sustainable.And that scares the fuck out of them.Nonetheless average normies won't notice anything before the collapse.
someone else will make that content for free.I dont tend to watch music vids or whatever if there is a 30 second unskipable add.The internet is entertainment on demand.
Adds are unnaceptabru
How the hell are we supposed to advance if consumers will buy shit just so they can complain about how bad it is?
Well, he's right in a sense.
Ads are what hold the web together in the most part.
Without them, Google would not exist, YouTube would not exist... not even 4chan would exist.
But the sites that are mostly affected are the small ones.
That's why we will see more and more big players and less "independient" sites that thrived in the 2000s.It seems that people can't be bothered actually paying for content, and they also can't be bothered watching ads online (which does work on TV).It's a very big problem.
There's a coalition now that is pushing for ad blockers to bypass "acceptable-non invasive ads".
I only listen to the preview station on Sirius XMHaven't bought or rented movies or TV showes in 8 yearsHaven't bought music for 8 yearsNot even done with this Jewishness.
>the web is mostly clickbait >expecting me to turn off Adblock
If it was really akin to stealing they wouldn't put the "SKIP" option in the first place.
"Take a penny leave a penny" "WTF YOU TOOK A PENNY?!?!"
liberalsBut I thought it was the conservatives who were the corporate ballwashers?
The goodiest goy.
You thought that because you're a moron
It's a very big problemNo it fucking isn't.
It's a zero-sum game.
My time is worth (a small amount of) money and these fucking corporations are looking for every goddamn opportunity they can to suck just a little bit more of it here and there, like charging you a penny for every video you watch because it's such a small amount, as an example.MY POINT:It's a fucking zero-sum game in that I as the consumer have to TRADE something to the corporation in exchange for a service, but the corporations are not making it as clear and fair a trade as simply buying something.
When I buy something in a store, I know how much I will pay and I assess my willingness to pay it, a free and successful market.
Advertisements don't fucking do that and that's why it's more like THEM stealing from us than the other way around.
Skipping the ad is not what he calls stealing.
In that case you're actually watching 5 seconds, which is enough for the content creator monetize and for Youtube to get a comission.Using an ad blocker is what he calls stealing, because you don't even get to watch those 5 seconds -> no monetization whatsoever.
What the fuck is wrong with consumers these days?
So why are liberals the corporate cucks?
They usually hate corps and want regulation
It's still a fucking trade: my time for this corporations service, entertainment.When I buy food, I make a clear trade.
When I'm tricked into watching an ad, my time is stolen from me and the "free market" part of this is fucking broken.That's not even including all the fucking morons who actually buy complete garbage either because the brand name jews said to or so they can complain about it being overpriced, and wreck the system altogether.
Well, sure, but I believe that it is a tacit agreement.
Same as TV ads, but since there is no ad blocker for TV you don't complain about those, right?That's what makes the content "free" otherwise.The proliferation of ad blockers will damage your average joe more than it does big corporations.
Is that a good or a bad thing?
Not for me to decide.
But in my opinion, its a bad thing.
That's why I have no problem seeing ads when I care about the content creator.
It's 2017 grandpaLeftists love huge soulless corporations now that they all made gay flag variants of their logos on Twitter.
Because every major corporation pans 100% to liberals and they eat it up, buy more of their products, and shut out the little companies in the process.
Then the corporations turn it around and rape people's time by sticking a 50 second advertisement in front of something that used to be free without any prior warning, and 99% of the people will watch it anyway thinking like the picture in the OP because they feel political solidarity with the corporation and want to rationalize having just had their time raped.This isn't a free market, it's a damn good psychological bait and switch that pretty much every entertainment company tries to pull.
The proliferation of ad blockers will damage your average joe more than it does big corporationsI don't give a fuck about monetizing some average joe in an industry I don't care about.
If I wanted to support average joe's business, I'd fucking buy something from his store.It's still a zero sum game and instead of a fair trade at my expense, I'm having my time raped.
Your argument that you'd be willing to watch the ad for the good content afterwards is irrelevant if you were essentially psychologically manipulated to watch the ads in a "trade" that's more subversive than buying something at a store.
4348716Goyim on the inside subverting the Jew empire, respekt.
I don't give a fuck about monetizing some average joe in an industry I don't care aboutSure, but that's you.
Besides not everyone has a store with actual physical product.On my end, I don't think my time is being raped, nor that I'm being pyschologically manipulated.
It makes sense to me:- I get to watch content that I enjoy or find valuable without giving more than a few seconds of attention- The person who made said content gets some money out of it- The platform that hosts the content and finds and makes the deals with the advertisers also gets some money out of it- The advertiser believes that the ad will have some effect on me and that I will potentially buy that productIt doesn't work well with me because I barely ever (if ever) bought anything I saw on an ad.
But I have no problem with playing ball.
Calm your tits, nigger.
You don't get to pick another company's business model.
If you're so butthurt about your precious time being raped, stop watching it or use adblock and keep your mouth shut like everyone else.>Hello, I want to buy this car>Wonderful, that'll be 20,000 dollars>Can I use a payblocker to bypass this and drive for free?>...No sir, you do have to pay.>WHY ARE YOU RAPING MY WALLET FUCKING LIBERALS ACCEPTING WALLET RAPE FOR CARS RUINED EVERYTHING REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEThis is what you sound like, entitled little cunt.
company has giant ad campaign every year saying how much better their service or product is compared to the last iteration>minor improvementssmartphones, razors, cell service, etc, etc
I'm not saying I don't support little industries, I do.
I'm saying that if they want my support the I should I have the option to either support them or not.I use the expression "raping my time" because I'm trying to say that there are psychological techniques being used to trick people into making the "trade" of their time for a service.You're looking at this from the view of somebody who decides "I want to watch this content.
Is it worth watching this ad?"
and making the fair trade in your head, in which case sure it probably is.
I'm looking at this from the perspective that people are lied to and told that their time has no value or the rise of clickbait titles which lie to consumers about the service they are "purchasing with their time.
"Can you at least admit it's a zero-sum sort of game?
You're monetizing somebody by watching the ad, not beating the system just because you didn't buy anything from it.
you wouldn't stream A CAR
You gotta tell this faggot about BAT.
I dont think any amount of corporate dicksucking is gonna make me disable adblock
have free and excellent service>use it to create a monopoly because it's fucking free and great service>slowly introduce fees, just a couple cents per year>increase by a couple cents per year so people don't psychologically notice a difference>once people are paying a decent amount, completely destroy all the good service people liked before and get rid of it to save money>Another smaller company comes along for cheaper/better value service>Big company smears them and tells everyone not to use them>Liberals listen, conservatives act rebellious and refuseThat's where the complaint against the liberals comes from.You now have no competition and your product is absolute shit but you've trained the public to pay for it anyway.
How is that a working market?
I do agree that ads sometimes influence (negatively) on the content, in the sense that many times, whoever creates it tries to lure in more people conciously or unconsiously.
Clickbait would be a concious way of doing it.Thing is, I'm not sure if there is a different model that would work in this case.
The internet is proving to be very different than any other previous medium (TV, books, radio, etc.)
in that the consumer is also a participant.
I think the problem is the abundancy of alternatives.
If I encounter a long ad, a paywall, etc., I cannot be bothered an just jump out of the site.
kek
The "liberals trust big governments, conservatives don't" stereotype is the reason I think people consider this the case, at least.
There is incentive for big corporations and even governments to lie to you about competition in one way or another, and "big government" liberalism is vulnerable to that.
That's my reason for accusing the liberals in this thread.
what the fuck are you on about.
there is such a thing as first mover's advantage.
youtube is the first successful online video sharing platform, of fucking course it's going to be hard to tear their customers away from them, they worked hard to build their audience.
how is that unfair?i can tell from a mile away that you're a poor introverted neet who never tried his hand at anything difficult.
if you had any entrepreneurship in you you'd admire a company that is revolutionizing education and entertainment on a global scale without charging a single cent from users and even paying well-performing content providers.get a grip, kid
Bullshit shut the fuck up he literally says "EVERY TIME SOMEONE CLICKS SKIP AD" in the first fucking sentence.
He is talking about clicking "SKIP AD"
most pond scum cant comprehend that the internet was not created to data mine the populace.
it was supposed to help us work together no matter the distance.
without charging a single cent from usersFuck off my time is worth something.And manipulating the market to destroy competition instead of giving consumers the option to choose isn't a good market you moronic fuck.
True, my bad.
That is indeed a stupid thing to say.
"Skipping an ad" using Youtube's provided call to action is not stealing whatsoever.
chan would swap to coinhive in a heartbeat and Google and Facebook are both very dangerous companies that shouldn't have been humored to get so far in the first place.
The rise or Facebook literally angers me because it demonstrates that without the autists they deride, normies would literally collapse into a dystopia.I guess the only thing to do is become the Jew
implying liberals aren't the ones that have been calling out corporate malfeasance and the encroachment of advertising for 40 fucking years while conservatives say "Hey it's fine, their jobs are trickling down to us."
See That's why I mentioned liberals.
and now they suck their dick when they drop a gay pride flag.
good thing i dont click skip, i have fucking adblockhahahahhaa
my time is worth somethinghow many services can you pay for with your time?
can you buy groceries with it?
does time buy healthcare?
can you play a game on steam for a couple of minutes and then get access to any game you want?
The answer is no, retard.
And that's because it's horrendously difficult to monetize other people's time and break even, much less make billions off of it.
You're a sad underachieving salty nerd, blaming big corporations for this and big government for that, while providing no value yourself.
If you're so bent on your principle, start a youtube ripoff with a monthly fee or better yet, no fee at all to cater to those who think like you and see where that gets you.
These retards don't realize the ship on being the next pewdiepie and rake in easy millions had sailed long ago.
Now I want to go to that fags channel, thanks for wasting my time OP.
how many services can you pay for with your timeClixsense and other pay-to-click lets you directly monetize your time.
Youtube does the exact same thing but offers services instead.>attacking my character againYour arguments are terrible.
Seems more of a conservative attitude to me.
But, whatever, Liberals, conservatives, what's the fuckin difference anymore, honestly?
Everyone's just a douchbag under a different flag.
Comparing a stupid faucet for people too retarded to have an actual paying job with the biggest revolution in communication since the internet itselfGood God, you might aswell delete this thread.
There is no way anyone will take anything you say seriously from here on
Thats a fag who wouldnt download a car
Of course they don't like it if you're not a mindless consumer sheep.
See 4349761You've missed the entire point of the thread because you can't even read it.
Get the fuck out.
I don't think its a mindless consumer sheep attitude, as long as you're aware of what's going on.There's this attitude going on that pirating or using ad blockers is the "decent" thing to do.
I've torrented movies and used ad blockers before, but it's not that trivial.
Not doing those things doesn't make one a "mindless consumer sheep", nor you saing that makes you "wake" in any sense if you're just repeating what everyone else says.
thisjust like idiots should buy useless jewish toys boosting the economy while I'm saving to escape wegecuckism
Pirating stuff and using ad blockers are different worlds.
It is good if you pay for stuff you actually want.
But I don't need ads to tell me what I want and I also don't watch TV for the sake of not getting bombarded with idiotic ads my whole life.
I don't give a rats ass about them.
I couldn't care less if the whole ad industry has a sudden breakdown.
For me it is just a choice of being independent.
If someone forces ads upon me, I don't even think about being interested in that stuff.
Everybody has his own style in this regard, I guess.
>wasting my bandwidth with fucking adsthey should be paying me tbqhdesufam
There are ways around ads.
Im sure it isnt for everyone but I would gladly pay extra to not have to view commercials on TV.
Id honestly probably pay 50 bucks a month to have zero commercials on every channel.
lmao
Ads are what hold the web together in the most partNot for long.
Crypto's going to replace them.https://jsecoin.com/
Capitalist is great on paper but shit in practice because the mass is so fucking idiotic.
At least we got some pioneer working for the real value of the tech like Elon, giving us a little bit of hope in this shit show.
Well he isn't wrong actually
I'm a advertiser and he is right.
Everything has a cost.
I'm more surprised youtube still didn't ban adblock from their site.
We did so months ago.
There is a lot of work put into things like youtube videos.
If you aren't even going to support them you should fuck right off.
It’s simple.
I don’t watch ads because I don’t want to.
If I like your content I might turn the adblocker off, but will always skip the ad.I watch 5 seconds of advertisement and you don’t get paid?
Why the fuck not?
Take it up with jewgle, that isn’t my problem.And in this case I don’t use your sitebut shit in practice>posted on 4ch from my computer and high speed internet connection
this argument againJust because it's the best we got doesn't mean that it could be much, much better.
ban adblockYou'll need to ban anti-adblock killers as well if you want me off of your site.We can play this game of cat and mouse forever you know.
liberals and consumersThe ones who post messages like this are the producers themselves.This is like getting mad at those "digital downloads are stealing" videos like the movie goers are the ones paying for those ads.
This is like getting mad at those "digital downloads are stealing" videosYou know the media companies have illegally used those videos without licensing them in the past, right?
In particular, the "you wouldn't download a car" video was only licensed for a one time showing at a movie festival, every DVD that has it committed copyright infringement.