I just feel it.
Move to ETH, your favorite alt, or move to FIAT.Things are starting to look very bleak for BTC, and once we see the 6k number, panic will ensue.Most are the smart minds I follow are predicting 5k within the week.Good luck fellow /biz/ friends.
How much for a girl like that?
She pleases my dick.
considering that's my gf's and i make smart investments, she doesnt need your money sorry
so long as you please her penis i think you stand a chance
NamefileYou pulled it from 4chan.
Post the source.
woah whats up with her ears?
imagine being this girls parentsSAD
/fit/43499362
*filenameLmao.
I have been recommending anons do this pre fork, since there is no fork it is now ASAP.
We will have to see if BTC crushes ALTs underneath, in that situation make sure you have fiat handy to buy best dips.
Whatever you do anons do not get fucking memed here, ETH is going to be the gutter catching the bulk of BTC outflow within crypto not some fucking pajeet shitcoin
we know this.
I'm ready and mostly into ETH
agreed.
i went all in eth and kept some of my gems (etp, edo, kcs, xas).
first 2 are real gems, second 2 are chances.
Thanks.
That's a trap isn't it?
It's getting hard to tell, and at this point, it's getting hard to care either way.
Would smash.
the shoulders and hips make it hard to bethey're always the dead giveaways regardless of how convincing, this is not the case this time
For everyone asking source.Belle Dephine (Not her real last name)Good Luck with your hunt since she went ghost.
Forgot to say, she only went ghost cause of /b/ gaining her tons of traffic.
She also uses her BF to blackmail people, so don't go down the rabbit hole.
PS there are no public nudes of her anywhere as far as my knownledge.Thank me later with BTC.
I hope I have a kid this fucking cute.
I'd be like fuck yeah I created that!
girl
I'd be like fuck yeah I created that!I'd be like yeah I'd fuck that!
yo, imagine how amazing it would feel to slide your fat, veiny cock down her tight, warm throat.
She would probably gag violently on it, causing drools to spill from the corners of her filled mouth and down her chin.
The spasms of her little, tight throat would effectively milk your throbbing cockmeat, until you can't contain yourself any longer and forcefeed her days of warm, sticky cum.
Who you 'gon call?
WOOP WOOP
acts like a whore>gets upset when the only people that obsess over her are middle aged men and neckbeards Women are dumb.