So how long do we have before the takeoff?
sergy still dieting
Could happen literally any second
november/december whenever Swift announces their news6 initital banks first, then there is 27 banks who will validate it further in the future
and dont expect fat rory & sergey to give us anything, they gave us chainlink, they calling it a good day for the next 3 months in regards to communication - they're probably high as fuck right now and having munchies in macdess
you kno im a link holder but isnt crypto about being your own bank?
why do we want banks in on this shit?
get their money in here so we can dump on them?
where are you getting your numbers from
Do you know what ChainLink actually does?
ZAP has basically made Link obsolete, seriously.
If you can't accept this you are experiencing a dangerous psycological break.
I would urge you to get extensive psychotherapy and medication stat.
https://www.swift.com/news-events/press-releases/swift-tests-show-blockchain-has-potential-for-global-liquidity-optimisation?utm_campaign=SWIFT%20gpi%20DLT%20PoC&utm_medium=social%20&utm_source=social>uhhhh maaaah LIINKKaaaaaSWIFT’s DLT PoC started in April 2017 and will conclude in November 2017, with the final results available in December.you can read the rest yourself anon
BTFO Zap brainlet.
Hopefully a little while longer, haven't bought any yet lol
I bought as much as I could at ATH and only own 233 LINK so far.. am I screwed?Next payday I’ll buy more, but if anyone wants to help me boost my mutha fuckin rank, I wouldn’t say no
This kid just keeps on shilling his shitty zap
has nothing to do with chainlink
there must be team of fuckers that shill this shit on biz.
its fucking ridiculous
Not with how much the volume has dropped.
This is done for a while.
Even the canceled fork couldn't keep it up
Never
 months from now
10k link = millionaire 2018 eoyThis is the next ethereum
When volume shifts off shitty ass Binance.
28 days, 6 hours, 42 minutes, 12 seconds.
That is when links will moon
Zap is mooning, LINK is in the shitter
Fork still happeing.
expect another red week