BITHUMB IS BACK UPBUY BUYBUY
The question is, are they dumping now with the rest of the world?
KEEP ME POSTED ANON
it rose back to 20hopefully I can recover back to normal
If they don't want to get arbitraged into oblivion, they will.
Bch is going up crazy
and were already moving back upMOON MISSION COMMENCES LADSBUCKLE UP
FUCK

Price is $1732 at bithumb right now.
They already dumped and its going back up
its dumping on bithumb
back to normal
The momentum is dead.
They'll have to try after the market settles in couple of months.
4316446This is amazing
$1600 at bithumb right now

its going down now
$1450 at bitthumb.
Holy shit it's dumping fast
Grats to people who sold at 2500 and bought in again right now.Pink wojak plushies for the rest.
anyone have a link to their chart?
confusing sight
They're just letting it drop so they can get more BCH out of circulation for cheaper.
It will skyrocket again.
They are in communication with each other and are confident about their plan.
They can't panic sell at this point and backstab each other because they are too deep in the BCH jar.
its at 1600 you illuminati core shill
>just sold my entire portfolio for bcc, now I'm afraid to look away from my screen
$1570.
Price fluctuation is crazy right now
Found ithttp://www.bithumb.info/tradeInfo/chart#
your mums dumping on bithumb, go fud somewhere else.
cheers mate
It went up $150 in a minute.
I’m cracking up.
RIP BCH
There is 1 guy controlling that wall.
Either you are his fuckbuddie or you have no clue what is going on here.
The final push
Get ready for the spike!https://www.bithumb.com/trade/order/BCHRemember 1,800,000 KRW is 1600 USD.
It's coming.
Are you morons actually going to try to invest in this?
It's over?
Ooooh, you already went all in and want other people to think they have a chance at making money so you can sell your bags to them.
I understand now....
now were at 1700btc btfo
Look at BTCs pending transactions.
How the fuck do you expect it do be a worldwide currency if it can't even handle BCH.
BCH > BTC
HOLY FUCK BCH IS MOONING AGAIN.
APPROACHING .3.
BTC IS DUMPING
Back at $2100 per BCH on Bithumb.
Strap in
Thank fucking god please go back up
Something strangeIn the wojak hoodwho you gonna callBCC!
Down againI'm not sure whether to yell at Kraken's failure to just operate, or thank itI wanted to sell at 2100 EUR, 1700 EUR, 1500 EUR, 1350 EUR, move laterally BCH>XBT, all of those orders failed to registerNow it moves back up?Dies again?
This is organized chink scam, they’re going to dump 2x harder
I bought at 350, I'm happy we reached 1k.Mempool is already clearing as older transactions expire.
Won't actually be that big of a deal if BTC recovers in price.
btc is an organized illuminati scam
Who else arbitraging the shit out of this?
4316710Who cares whose scam it is.
BCH works better than XBTI want BCH to prevail, seriously
BITHUMB IS BACK UPSELLSELLSELL
This time I plan to properly exit.
Was going to do micro trades and keep holding until tomorrow but after the scare I got from the dump, better to take my profits and go.
its already been up for 20 minutes and they didnt sellkys corecuck.
The site is lagging so hard.
Cant even load properly
Dumbfuck, they haven't sold because BCH is still showing the OLD price to them.
Bithumb is DESPERATELY trying not to be used for BILLIONS literally so they're showing Koreans the wrong price.
This will end is MASSIVE lawsuits by other exchanges against Bithumb.
See here nooblets: https://themerkle.com/bitcoin-cash-price-drops-by-900-as-coinmarketcap-excludes-bithumbs-price/
The move back up is pure manipulation by spurned whales.
The buy walls are the only thing pushing the price back up, no new money is flowing in.
This is a zero sum game cashfags, BTC is back up, anything flowing to BCH is going to be reflected in that.
It's over, the dumbest whales are trying to recover what little they can.
>move back up>site (((((freezes)))))>coins get dumped by ((((someone))) and drops>coins rise again>site ((((((((((((freezes)))))))) againgee who can be behind this?
Well, what's the verdict?
Are they continuing with the pump, or dumping?
you and all the other deluded corecucks are literally retardedbch was $2500 before you globalist illuminati fucks ddosed bithumbits now $1700 on bithumb and everywhere else
we're going to 3k USD
How do you even know what's the price of Bithumb?
It doesn't even show the BCH price at this point.
Get rekt
Flying high again!!!
WHEWWWW!
We going straight for that 3k!
BCH is at 1.8k now, looks like there will be another bullrun
buybuybuybuybuybuybuybuybuybuybuybuybuybuybuybuybuybuy
P A R A B O L I C.
UNIRONICALLY BACK IN.HOPE I DONT GET JUST'D
whales p&d btc and buy ch3ap btc now bch is shitcoin .
Time to selling bch to dash or smth comfy before it costs 0
I'm sure some of you might appreciate this so I made some dark userstyles for a couple often used sites, enjoy.
save your eyes, make dat bredhttps://userstyles.org/styles/151094/blockchair-in-the-darkhttps://userstyles.org/styles/151109/fork-lol-in-the-dark
NOOO WHAT DID YOU DO ALL MY LINK IS GONE FUCK YOU!!!!!!!!!!!!
!