BTC will go on a rally because of this (again).Screenshot this.
And just like that, the fork is back on.
Coincidence?
seriously, how is this fucking legal?
WILD WEST NIGGA
Why are they buying bitcoin at these expensive prices?
it's legal because someone paid 20,000,000 dollars for the tokens
because they are buying it with monopoly moneymight even be a PND trying to trigger a massive crash in BTC and earn fat loads on accumulated BCH in an attempted flippening.
Why would it be illegal?
the last pump before ban
I really hope so
Now you know why derivatives are dangerous
WE ARE THE FUTURES MARINES
Anyone think this combined with coinbase being down is a coincidence?
Market buy?
the last pump before banthis shit really makes me nervious because i use bitfinex as my main exchange (it is really good)
who gives a shit?
if tether went to zero today, you think that would affect bitcoin?
it would cause the price to skyrocket as everyone tried to sell their worthless tethers as fast as possible for bitcoin, to withdraw.
if tether didn't exist people would just move to trading btc/eth or some other pair.
Banks have done this sort of shit forever.
Banks are private companies.
This is what you get when you have the state give up the power to print money and instead just manage the debts the government has to pay off (to private companies).It is a huge fucking scam, and the only reason banks really get away with it, other than buying politicians to make it impossible for the government to stop them, is that the people in general just fall for the "trust the banks" meme and keep all their money there.
If people just took all their money out of the banks the banks would be fucked and society would stabilize at a much nicer equilibrium.Just imagine how fucked everyone would be without things like minimum wage and social security.
If you just want to work and live a decent life without scamming your way to a massive piece of the pie, then you will get eaten alive.
And the powers that be also propagated a religion that inspires people to just take this financial dick up the ass and do nothing about it, hoping that maybe one day the government owned by these financial interests will do something lol.You're all so fucked.
Anyone who isn't just riding out this era on welfare or stealing where he can left and right is a total patsy.
If you're working for a wage, it better be for something you love to do.
If you're working because you think a society full of machines and robots and AI really needs a strong contribution from human labor, that you're a good person for working hard for an "honest day's wage" then you're dumb as fuck bros.
someone paid 20,000,000 dollars for the tokensyou ACTUALLY believe that?
Don't keep your shit on exchanges unless you're "day-trading" or using bots for it.
And especially not scummy bitfinex.
BULL TRAP ON BITCOIN CASH!
SCAMERS SHORTED AND ARE DUMPING!
BAIL!
ONLY WARNING!
Someone put their btc and eth up as collateral so they could go long Bitfinex doesn't have the funds to support all those long positions They issue tether Its really not a big deal
Why are they banning US from trading on their exchange?
42572964257250Imagine, if you will, a scheme to launder money that actually made you money instead of cost 10%+ of the gross.
How many criminals around the world do you think would jump at this opportunity?How much illegal money do you think there is in the whole world?
1 Trillion USD?
10?The question really is why isn't Bitcoin $100k yet?
I was FUDed by bitfinexed and sold half of my bitcoin at $3000 during the August fork.
Because they don't want the SEC to investigate this giant fraud.
Don't keep your shit on exchanges unless you're "day-trading" or using bots for it.
And especially not scummy bitfinex.yeah i'm talking about my trading stackwould be a real bummer to loose itthe point of illegal money is to use it for buying expensive shitputting it in bitcoin is easypulling out?
not so much
y'all gon get bitfinessed.shieeet.
The rate at which new Tethers are being issued has increased dramatically.In the past they issued them every couple of weeks.Soon they will issue multiple batches every day.And then this house of cards will collapse for good.
u buy bitcoin putting in an exchange then cash out from the exchange and pay ur taxes, i have 10mil in illegal funds, how can i explain that to IRS SEC , I now have an outlet, any criminal will 30% of 10mil if they have 7mil legal freeThere are criminals in this world that are not the hollywod didu nuffin selling cock at the corner making millions .
a day
The run from these tethers has already happened.
Stop trying to get people to sell alts so you can buy cheap.
Oh and fuck yourself OP.
tether works like fiat.
they have to constantly print more.
i don't see what the big deal is.
Look how the market cap of Tether has gone up this year alone.
Tether is basically hyperinflating.Compare that to standard fiat inflation of 2-5% per year.
(depends on the country)
Decentralized nigga
u buy bitcoin putting in an exchange then cash out from the exchange and pay ur taxesexcept that most countries in the world doesn't have legal exchanges
seems like a good strategy:>monitor tether and when you see a shitload minted then go long BTC on margin and sell at a nice profit before it dumps