Ok, no bullshit.
Post here if you own 21+ BTC.
I want to see what %'s actually own 21 or more.
Any ridiculous claim will need signed address as proof.
>no bullshit
Don't you mean 21 BCH
No but I have over 100 neo
I was.
Had 45 BTC at the peak but now down to 16 after I didn't sell my link at the top.
Working my way back up, went all in on neo last night
holding pump-and-dump altcoins like Link as they crashAnd you're gonna lose it all again.
just barely
fuck sakes i forgot to censor my coims.
dont l-look at them o-or ill d-dump em!
All in on neo?
16 btc worth?
Just hold that btc, or not all on neo.
I just read the article below and don’t have a warm and fuzzy about neo.
The article makes a few good scary points.https://storeofvalue.github.io/posts/major-neo-redflags/
Why the fuck are you keeping that amount on an exchange?
unbeliable.
you think 21 is a lot?
here we gohow much you own total?
post proof or LARP.
He said 21 bitcoins, not 21 BTC of shitcoins
proof>signed address as proofwhy are there so many poor jealous faggots herenobody's going to compromise themselves and sign an address for a bunch of autists on /biz/.
only poor people keep all of their coins in one address, or even in one coinjust fucking kys already op
kys
you understand for everyone not completely late to crypto you could buy 21 bitcoins for less than 5k?
right?
Unless you have been recieving tons of small payments you usually don't have that many addressesAnd how the fuck would you compromise yourself you mongyou sound like1) you own less than 21 BTC2) you lost moomy's BTC on shitcoins
I only have 0.6 BTC :(
every thread about owning X number of a coin has some faggot come in and say hurr u think X is a lot??
how about don't be a dick for once
what the fuck is Guppy?
it sounds like a dog's name.
Which is still a lot.
Back then BTC was more risky, few would have bought even $1000 worth.21 BTC nowadays is a fucking lot, all things considered.
So making it sound as 21 BTC is chump change is going to need some harder proof.
of course you fucking do.
i'm sure as hell not going to keep millions of dollars in the same address as the one i use to make payments with, that would be retarded.
not to mention exchanges and backup cold storage, keeping all of your coins in one address is the kind of thing people who don't need to care about security do.> you sound like you own less than 21 BTCdon't project your own situation into your assumptions
maybe they shouldn't create these worthless fucking threads in the first place then.
they're either genuinely interested, or in op's case, a faggot that wants to pretend nobody has any money and everyone's as poor as he is.
more riskythis was in 2015, nobody was early, but they didn't completely miss the boat like now either
have 75 btcI'm also a black male :)
4437970dude you sound like an angsty teenager.
if you don't like the thread, leave
grats bro
you clearly haven't been around here long enough to get sick of every little faggot crying for signed messages every time someone hints that they're not in complete poverty
will suck cock for btc 13U9fzKyZdz3MyyYDexwaNZgVSTb8ApKC1
yup.
everyone is poor except you.
you win.
now goodbye.
Im the only person in this thread that has 21 BTC.
When 1 BTC is worth $100,000 in 5 years people will feel like they missed the boat by not buying now.
It would be easy as fuck to know how much BTC you have unless you bought a lot of times in separate times.
Sending coins to yourself in another address does nothing for your privacy.
This.
I felt like I missed the boat in 2014 and this shit had not even started yet.. Fucking Einsteinium and Rubycoin were 1/10,000 of a penny in late 2014 and now they are both closer to a fucking dollar a coin.This shit is crazy I must admit.
I put in 100 bucks and did some mining in 2014 and now I have over 40k.
If I woulda put more money into mining rigs id be a millionair easy off shitcoins.
Wtf bitcoins cost this much rn?
I have like 1700 in my old hard drive iirc
BTC wont be around in 5 yearsLightning Network just turns BTC into fancy paypalNo point having a blockchain currency that doesnt use the blockchain
Brian?
>tfw 21 real BTC>tfw smug richfags with 21 corecoin will have their funds locked forever in chain death soon
This.
You gonna make it brap
signedfuck off wheres yours then prove ot faggot post your signed address
Had over 50.
Sold all my BTC since it is a shitcoin now.
Got 300 ETH and 75 BCH out of it.
No one cares, it's pumping now