Recently, I was in a car crash that resulted in copious court and insurance fees deeming me completely broke.
I tried to recover a little by buying some alts shilled on here causing me to lose even more money, yea fuck you pajeets.
Last night, I had something really shitty happen to me.
I had sex with the girl I've been seeing and finished inside (inb4 "you irresponsible mf'er", she's on BC), she then went on to tell me that she hadn't been taking her birth control the last few days.
She then told me she wasn't going to do anything about it unless I went and got plan B (even though we had been talking about my money issues that exact night wtf).
She also doesn't believe in abortion and thinks the whole situation is hilarious.
I honestly think she did the whole thing on purpose, she may even want a child, so I can be liable in the future.
I can't afford a child, I'm only 20 and living on my own, this would wreck my life.
What do I do bros??
Why are women so evil?
Beat her until she submits to your will.
If any of you are willing to send me some BTC, I would be forever grateful.
I'm not asking for anymore than what it costs to cover the plan B ($60).
I'm currently at my appt.
trying to find clothes, etc.
that I could see, I'm desperate and don't know what else to dowallet:12P7m9xo1hTFfuHZuHUCzH3KTbf7t8QLEp
Sent ;)
*sell
You don't need a plan b pill you just need to give her a good push down the stairs
Kill her and move to Mexico.Go buy plan b on a credit card.This is why you never finish inside a woman no matter what she says.
Think with your head and not your dick.I dodged a bullet doing that to a college fling.
Same exact situation, lied about being on BC straight to my face - except I convinced her we were way too young to responsibly raise a child and she had an abortion.
I made sure to take her myself and waited until she was okay to go home.
If you are for-real, then I seriously love you, whoever you are.
Thank you bro, I promise this isn't a larp, you're pulling me out of some serious shit
buy it on a credit card you dumb fuck $60 is a hell of a lot cheaper than the hundreds of thousands it costs to raise that bastard
Op, why would you ever trust what a roastie says on anything?Of course she laughed about it, women know that they are never responsible for anything.
If they get pregnant because they are careless with their bc, either the poor schmuck will foot the bill or the government (ie male taxpayers).
4448506Why I love 4chan
She's not even a roastie though, just really crazy, she only lost her virginity recently and only dated women before that.
She is majoring in chemical engineering tho
Honestly I doubt anyone will send you anything because of the insane amount of LARPing and beggars on here.
Your best bet is to find some quick ways to make cash like selling or pawning some stuff.
Look on craigslist for jobs, it's usually only for a day and the pay isn't so much but i think it's enough to make 60$.The one most people don't know about is that you can get paid to sell blood/plasma.
Look in your area for the places that pay you.
First time people usually get a bonus too so I think you'll be able to do it.
Good luck dude hope it works out for you.
Thx man, I'm not gonna try my ass off to convince anyone here I'm not larping, I'll probably just do the plasma thing seems like my best bet, thanks for the adivce.I'm assuming this guy was just fucking with me, I have no pending tx
I'm literally about to go to CSL, thank god I haven't gotten a tattoo yet