I've made some decent gains and am toying with the idea of spontaneously taking an international flight somewhere.
Maybe visit Japan :)Has anyone ever spontaneously taken a same-day flight?
same-day flights are very pricey, anonyou should book at least a week in advance, you'll save 100s of $
go to delhi or kathmandu, then to the himalayas.
Don't be a weeb faggot.
>impulsively going to a foreign country Idiot
Only short distances as it's a pain to pack and stuff if you're going far and want to spend some time there as a result.
New Zealand.If you like natureIf you like cities, fuck off
>TFW inspired by op but need to renew passport.Well.
Now today's agenda just got a star of the show.
Thanks OP.
Also, I'm sure Japan would make a killer impulse flight.I'm sure you'd have enough stimuli upon getting there that it'd be worth it.
End to end invigorating.
Follow your impulses.
Don't waste too much time postulating on it here!
I flew from London, England to San Francisco once after saying I was just going to the pub.
Stayed two months.
renew passportYou can do it!!
Thanks for the encouraging words.
Thank you for sharing :) I live in San Francisco.
I hope you enjoyed your time here!
Should I visit London?
went to hong kong from finland once, stayed at some really shitty places and took a flight to philippines later and hung out for a month, pretty fun stuff
Yeah but only cos I woke up drunk as fuck in Hamburg hours after my original flight had left.
Fucking Reeperbahn man.
You should take the flight super bare bones, ie.
no luggage, no carry on, nothing.
Just the clothes you're wearing, cash and passport.
Buy whatever you need on arrival.
is a "last-minute" flight the same as a same-day flight?
Yessir
give NoKo a try.
dont same day flight just fly, if u have money u can fly anytime so it doesnt matter if its the same day; the fact that u can is enough
I constantly think about this OpIf I make it, just be spontanious on a weekend and go somewhere, without shit, just buy it there.
Or be like fuck it bitches let's go to Vegas!
Damn you got me dreaming again.
Fuckit, i want to travel againcare to sponsor anon?0x6743893722Cf49cb6f5d3e8Ed596Dac68C727e22
On holiday to the US I had booked a rental car to go from San Francisco to LA for a few days.
When I arrived at the rental car place they couldn't read my credit card or it was blocked by my European bank or something so I couldn't get a car.I had already booked a hotel and some tickets so I said fuck it.
Took a taxi to the airport, went to the first check-in counter and asked the lady where I could buy a plane ticket.
To my surprise I could just buy it at the check-in counter.
Bought a pretty cheap return ticket and 40 mins later I was on the plane.
vegasNo
if you got plenty of money, bored and unlimited free time that's not so bad idea
that wouldn't be my first trip, i think more like a weekend poland or something, eurofag here so the flight might be a bit pricy for the last minute, there you can really have loads of fun with not that much money so you can party like kings with the budget of 1 night Vegas
Anything is possible with enough funds, OP.I've done exactly that but to a European country from UK.It's a great feeling.
Try get a comfy night flight and its great.
If you have BTC, you don't even need fiat if you go to the right place.