Who has actually reached lamboland?If I cashed all myholdings out, didn't pay tax...
I could buy the pictured lambo and pay the on road costs + have a few thousand dollars left over.Thanks DGB
DO IT!
+ have a few thousand dollarsYou do realize it costs tens of thousands each year in maintenance/insurence etc.
Also why would you dream about sending all your money to Italian jews.
Buy land.
Live off the grid.
That's way over priced though.
Those sell in the $90-100 range.
You can easily low ball it
Not if you buy state minimum insurance it would be under $50/monthThis isn't a daily driver.
Just take it out on the weekends.
Won't cost shit for maintenance
buy landthisfuck a car, you can buy a fucking ESTATE for that price
I could afford pic related if I dont pay muh taxes
nerd
>automatic
Just take it out on the weekends.>spending all your money on a depreciating asset you cant even use daily
i will reach it with nuls ama
Lambo's are a memeQuestion:Same car 30,000km $3750080,000km $27000What buy bizbro's?
sometimes you just gotta live your life man.
Knowing you have a lambo sitting in your garage is a daily gratification
automatic
>spending most of your hard earned money on a fucking carI'm on /biz/ after all
hard earned
lambo with that mileage is fucked already
i can already afford a couple of lambos.
i'm saving up for pic related though
talk about money pits
at least i can live in thathave fun in your lambo kid
Knowing you have a lambo sitting in your garage is a daily gratificationfor like a week at most, then it becomes business as usual.
If you're not lying then I'll say that it does inspire me to see someone like you here.
To know know that the gains I'm making are leading somewhere; maybe a life outside of wagecuckery whereas I can pursue my passion.
Do you have any advice?
Very true, "money doesn't buy happiness" might sound like a fox and grapes kind of expression - but there is some truth to it.
Honestly, as long as you have enough money that you can spend your time the way you want, and not spend it the way other people want, you're richer than most.
Same here.
Yachts are 10x better than a house.
I hope one day I'll make it enough to be able to afford one.
Do you have any advice?stoic hodlsismthis board is stricken with a certain type of adhd cancer that'll insure mass suicides during the next major crypto bear.
i'm talking a real bear like 2013-15 not any of this 30% down shit.
you need to focus on the fundamentals of the global fiat debt ponzi scheme and how when it starts to crumble, at least a fraction of the 10 trillion daily forex volume has to go somewhere.
at least a fraction of the 500 trillion in hidden offshore blackscreen accounts has to go somewhere.
at least a fraction of the 2 quadrillion in otc derivatives has to go somewhere.look at a long term chart of btc or eth or neo.
the fractal nature of cypto is clear.
btc WILL reach 1 million.
most likely before 2030.
It's satisfying to know that some people who get rich will blow all their money very quickly and go back to being wage cuck losers.
Yes!
I absolutely agree with you, this is what I've always thought, many people go crazy over the smallest dip and they sell in a state of panic.
This creates FUD and more people follow suit, which leaves the patient with the greater rewards.
When you have a lot of btc, I suppose you'll have to manage your expenditure a lot between regular currency and btc?
As I understand it I'll have to pay taxes every time I transfer btc to regular, so I'd want to buy with btc as much I can, right?
I'm a doctor IRL.
This is just a fun game I play for cool prizes.
research shell companies and offshore trusts
I could unironically buy an ice arena with a zamborghini to resurface the shit.
Buy the one with less miles, but make an offer on it.
gaysail the sea like a man