>Coworkers smoke>Coworkers buy lunch EVERY DAY>Coworkers drink and some do recreational drug like marijuana>Coworkers lease cars they cannot afford>Coworkers have the audacity to wonder why they're in debt
Millenials are so fucking retarded
Isn't the statistic that the average person is only a paycheck away from having absolutely nothing
And yet they are happier than us.
TrueSpeak for yourself or try r9k
You know what is worse than that?
Marriage.
It costs a fortune.
Coworkers buy lunch EVERY DAY>Coworkers drink and some do recreational drug like marijuananothing wrong with these though.
>don‘t smoke>don‘t drink>order finest Marijuana and buy with crypto gains>drive a shitbox my dad gave me for free>always in the green
Lunch pretty much anywhere is $10+.
That easily adds up unless you make good money.
And even then it's just easier to make it yourself...
poorfag envious of even poorer fagswealth does not punch down
Oh yes I'm so envious of my enormous blockfolio being larger than theirs oh wait
That's good priorities man
Where the fuck do you live?
Norway?
OP sucks dickPeople are mad retarded, OP, but why do you give a shit?
Let them run their lives into the ground.
ehh i like smoking marijuana.
just a guaranteed way of being happy really helps with my depression.
I try to only smoke max three times a week (most weeks only once).
Everything else I'm kind of cheap with but I prioritize my own happiness over less than $50 every month.
People like you who try and justify their drug addiction make me sick.
Because I want everyone to be successful

>tfw only have a shitload of money because I have nothing to spend it onMy car insurance and internet are pretty much my only bills.
I wish I had a fucking hobby to spend my money on ;_;
$10?!
wtf are you eating, they must be fucking massive portions or you're in a really expensive area...
Here in France, near Paris, it's the price.Big mac meal id 7€50, sometime more.Shit kebab is 5€50 ~ 6€50It's freaking expensive here.
i don't really fall into any of these besides the weed.
I don't drink, I have a girlfriend + a lot of close friends.
Also I'm not shredded or anything but I'm mildly /fit/ and eat healthy.depression isn't something that goes away, it's a mental illness that you're born with - not something that just comes out of nowhere from bad habits shut up nerd, no wonder you got bulled in high school
I smoke weed but I don't try and justify it
Be thankful they're not as tight with their money as you silly OP.Your coworkers are paying taxes on all the useless shit they buy.If everyone hoarded their cash like you do then your government would just up YOUR tax to make up the short-fall.
leasing cars they cannot affordthis is the reason.
just get a car that looks cool, is bulletproof, looks the part, and is cool, and has been hit with the magic of sportscar depreciationporsche cayman master race.
depression isn't something that goes away, it's a mental illness that you're born withLet me guess, you think people are born gay too, right?
4342515Unless you're eating at McDonalds or some pizza place any decently filling lunch runs you at least $10 in North America.
More like cuckman
I can get an extra large kebab that I can't even eat by myself it's so big for 3.5€ in Poland.
And I'm a 95 kg fatass.tough luck mate
Ya but the average Polak makes like 1000 euros a month so.....
yeah but at least we're white
Prices are different in different parts of the world
I really would like to try some one day.3€50 gives you an expresso at some place in paris.I'm not stupid tho I don't buy such expensive shit.But it's not easy to have a main course for less than 5€
Are you kidding, 10 EUR for lunch is crazy cheap.
Very true.
I love Polaks
>smoke>buy lunch EVERY DAY>drink and some do recreational drug like marijuana>lease cars the poor cannot afford>brainlets wish they werent poor faggots and rich like me