Alright, I'm in.
welcome back, 2k on the 17th
And you're missing current btcs moon mission
Talk to me.... SHILL THIS COIN HARRRRRD
flippening feb 2018, what more do you want to know
The idea, as I understand it, is that money will flow from Bitcoin to Bitcoin Cash until a clear winner in the Bitcoin/Segwit battle has been finalized.
How do i buy?
I get a 1200 dollar wage cuck check tomorrow.
I'm all in.
I just polished my space boots
get some bitcoin and exchange for bch on whatever exchange
What exchange do you prefer?
I used Bittrex.
Anonymous (ID: zlQw7h7h) 11/07/17(Tue)18:19:28 No.4241874▶flippening feb 2018, what more do you want to knowFlippening WILL HAPPEN.
I agree.
Segwit2x will replace Bitcoin Cash.
Barry knew Bitcoin Cash was going to crash, and Bitcoin was getting ready for the current moon mission HAPPENING NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!
pretty good choice, if 2x fails this is gonna moon hard
OH MY GOD I CANT BELEIVE I FELL FIR THE SCAM AND TRADED BTC FOR BCH IM MISSING THE BTC MOON MISSIONAAAAAAAA YOU BASTARDS I JUST SOLD BCH AT A LOSS.
fucking fork about to happen>trades BTC for random shit>angry that BTC rose in value after he traded
Fuck me, I got in like an hour ago at 0.085We moonin'?
It's ok, Anon.
Bitcoin Space launch just started.
Go Buy Bitcoin.
The real Bitcoin.
Not the Scam imposter BCH.
you will make it Bruv.
(((segwit2x))) shills can't even into 4chan postingBitcoin Cash will overtake (((Bitcoin)))
they're doing a good job at driving demand.
People are buying the Shit out of shit to use lolbuy @ $600, do daily purchases, in two weeks you probably actually made money just by having it.
It's a consumers dream.
and it's becoming reality
Explain how (((they))) are behind this??
Fail.
You lose.
Alright, I'm in.And right on queue Bitcoin starts mooning.
Another chance to buy Bitcoin at $600?
Yes please!
you know bitcoin cash is valuable because it has the words 'bitcoin' and 'cash' in its nameyou know bitcoin gold is valuable because it has the words 'bitcoin' and 'gold' in its nameif you're not 50/50 balls in bcash and btg right now, then enjoy spending your life in total abject poverty you stupid dumbfuck nigger pajeet faggots.
Dump the Bitcoin Cash pajeet fork, and buy more Bitcoin, Anon.
Thank me in a few minutes.
transfers are super fast and cheap too
All in BCH atm and comfy af
BCH has been mooning With Btc, look at the charts
Any idea who's been doing the buying?
Bch has terrible fundamentals and it's price rise has no explanation.
terrible fundamentalsliterally what bitcoin was before the fork with a blocksize increase
Wow you must eat shit a lot and thought that was melted chocolate.
Soo... you sold for a loss and bought a mooned nearly ATH coin?
Nice job.
4243810Rapid fire shills.. interesting, thanks pajeets.
Don't forgot to poo in the loo