The fuck is wrong with SALT?
Why is it dumping when the platform release is this december?
It's not, one whale just decided to dump, probably getting in on the BCH pump temporarily
Just another shitcoin bro
It was going to moon, but then the BCH vs BTC drama went insane.Let me explain.1: At launch, the only collateral is Bitcoin with a 25% minimum margin.
That's a problem with the imminent volatility and possible destruction of Bitcoin.
This dissuades both lenders and borrowers from using it.
Taking it seriously even.2: A lot of people are spending their shekels betting and swing trading between BTC and BCH, me included.
I sold salt at 4USD some weeks ago when BCH went over 700 and I knew this fight would be the main stage of crypto until resolved.Hoping to buy back into salt after salt shows it has short term plans to avoid being so dependent on bitcoin not falling for their platform to function as intended at launch.
Where the fuck do i even park my money now for several months
Ethereum is safe and will moon further.
Expect minimum 2x within a few weeks of proof of stake launch.
In likelihood it will go farther and get the highest marketcap before those 6 months after over.
*a few weeks after POS launch, that is.
Expect minimum 2x within a few weeks of proof of stake launchwhat?
proof of stake is on 2019 kek.
how about other short term moon missions to replace SALT that was supposed to moon this december?
Whales fucking about, trying to dump to accumulate before launch I am guessing.
Where the fuck do i even park my money now for several months>Short term moon missionsThought you wanted low risk.
Also POS isn't 2019, it's late 2017 or early 2018.Maybe you're confusing it with sharding.
Maybe you're confusing it with sharding.Ooohh you're right haha, thanks bro i think i was confused with sharding.
The fuck is wrong with SALT?
Why is it dumpingDoesn't RCN do the same thing?
Its a pump coin unless you want a load and then all you need is like 10 or something.
Look at it this way.
If you own a lot of SALT you are in the crypto loan membership business.
Demand isn't going to arrive for years if SALT ever gets its shit together and advertises your product.
IF its first to marketIF it creates demandIF anyone gives a shit
You can use it to pay a part of the interest too.
Or else it would be massively oversupplied indeed.
Yeah, you can spend more salt for a "premium membership" to get a higher loan cap, and it can be used to pay off interest.
The Price moves are just suffering from ICO supply side pressureIt also doesn't help that their team is incompetent on the software side.
They are full up on lawyers and PR people though.