Shit.
I'm about to FOMO into this.
Was planning at buying at 3/4/5 cents for long but never thought it was going anywhere any time soon.
Will I get burnt?
why even ask?
Dunno op but if you do take comfort in knowin I’ll get fucked too..
I fomo’d in at 850 sats too for 2.1 btc worth Basically either going one or two ways a crazy moon mission or a 30% lose it’s worth the risk and tomorrow we will find out our fate
If the Friday news isnt good, you might see a pull backBut a week afterwards, it will just shoot up againbiweekly updates will do that
You already bought in, pajeet.
Who are you trying to trick?
Low effort shilling right my man
 is still a fucking awesome entry man.Anything under 1k sats is an absolute steal.this is going to 10k sats by FEB 2018
also we need you in the REQ High Rollers club.We have like 10+ mil req combined.https://discord.gg/eNdGaR
Steady momentum.
Great looking growth and I'm glad that the team doesn't shill themselves on news.
Once a date is set for Colossus expect a gradual 2x (+) rise in price.
This is gonna be a solid run
didnt buy at 3-4 centi bought at 4 centwhat the fuck man did you even look at the roadmaphow did you not think this would gain some steam soon and this is at the absolute bottom
The fact that it was under ico for so long allowed whales to accumulate so they're unlikely to suppress the price once it starts mooning.
This shit's gonna fly high.
Chances are there is some insider trading happening based on the announcement tomorrow.
So either risk that there is no big announcement tomorrow and the price drops or buy in now that it's still cheap.
Min $0.02 by EOY.
MIN
HUGE UPDATE COMING INSIDER NEWZ  - BITTREX RUMORS- COLOSUS mainnet launch directly instead of testnet.I dont think price will ever go back below ICO once this news comes out.
If youre not in this you don't deserve to be in cryptoThose who missed POWR, RDN THIS IS YOUR LAST CHANCE.
STILL BELOW ICODONT MISS ITAND BEST PART ?
IT HAS NEVER BEEN ABOVE ICO FOR LONG.
I was about to buy in until I saw this pajeet
Fuck off pajeet, srsly.
I got over 100k REQ but people like you are everything whats wrong with crypto
Fuck off.
No rumors of bittrex.
Tomorrow's just a standard bi-weekly announcement.
I've got over 50k REQ but this shilling is unnecessary.
Yup.
No verified Rumors or anything.
But I did hear Colosus will be dropping tomorrow fuck what ya heard
Listen to this guy Don't you all see how the insiders are trading and accumulating for the past few weeks?
ITS YC backed.
Paypal 2.0.
They were saying they are ahead of schedule.Tomorow when americans will wake up news will already be out ( ~1-3pm UTC ) they will FOMO in at 10 cents.Just go all in at 7 cents if you haven't BIG NEWS COMING.
Can you explain for a retarded anon what unit 'sats' is, because it obviously isn't usd or eth and I'm assuming it has something to do with btc because of satori
The smallest possible fraction of a bitcoin 0.00000001 is 1 sat
Satoru Iwata?!
ty anon
Motherfucker when someone pounds your wife 1 time = 1 sat.so 850 sats = 850 pounds to your wife from behind
Hi - Mod here from the unofficial Telegram group; REQ has unfortunately rode straight into a perfect storm of headwinds since ICO (0.0002 ETH);1, Agitated Whales (limited holdings) and novice ICO participants who disappointingly were in for 'flips';2, Binance SNAFU with dual issuing3, Multiple BTC forks and market consolidation back to BTC; and,4, The discovery of Binance hot wallet bags (Still trying to rectify from the listing mistakeThis was identified, and REQ bagholders (myself being one) began to 'let the bot sell to us' to divest the holdings.
This has triggered some more awareness in the TA community, hence an acceleration.Once the exchange wallet is diluted sufficiently - I have expectation of prices ascension far beyond ICO price