wtf is this?
Down for me too.>yfw everyone storing coins on coinbase just got fucked
was about to transfer to bittrex to buy first alt
They're adding REQ
exit.
all.
crypto.
markets.
(unironically) this
GOXXED.com
(((unironically))) this
implyingif they are wont it moon immediately to unspeakable highs?
Normies BTFO.
Again hahhaa what a great fucking day lads.
BITTREX CONFIRMED GOAT
doesn't exchanges pull this shit all the time, so no one can sell?
Shit.
Coinbase just pulled an exit scam.
Good thing I transferred out.
gdax is still up guys
mt gox AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA >MUH LINK AAA
the fud is unreal
lel I hope coinbase dies fucking normie exchange, centralized exchanges need to diemufugga bix nood
i couldnt login to gdax, you sure its up?
adding bitcoin cash in a hurry to replace failed bitcoin
gdax is up for me, can't withdraw though
GOXXED
Why the fuck do people even use coinbase when they have gdax?I will never understand
You guys realize if coinbase/gdax pull a mtgox were are all beyond fucked.
Even if you have no money on there, if you have any money in crypto at all you are royally fucked.
Better hope that isn't the case.
Coinbase has gone down before m8
I actually just put my coins in there for the split.
I got goxxed.
fuuuuu
I'm talking to the people that are laughing and saying hoping coinbase went down saying "BTFO normies" are fucking retards.
They think their precious BTC is going to go to 10k in the event that happens?
How dumb are they?
a bunch of coins will disappear in that case, and the price of those coins will go up because the demand went down
*supply
https://twitter.com/whalecalls/status/928412070084796417
You guys are so fucking deluded if you think coinbase pulling a mtgox is going to make you more money.
No new normies will be flowing in to buy more.
Government regulation will come smashing down.
You won't even be able to easily convert your crypto back into fiat.
Why is everyone a fucking moron in crypto.
Holy fuck.
Yepp.
Crypto would be dead either permanently or for a very long time.
Does anyone actually keep crypto on exchanges?
and we're backnothing to see here folks coinbase is back up