I decided to invest in Bitcoins after a friend convinced me and I put in $30's worth.
I was thrilled knowing that I just made a babby's first investing move and even more thrilled to see that $30 turn to $40.
Now it's worth $31.
What is this Bitcoin Cash thing for newbs and is this the reason why Bitcoins dropped so much?Should I invest some money into Bitcoin Cash and if so where I do I get some and what are good wallets that aren't scammy?
lol fucking normie ass bitch
buy $30 of bitcoin>lose 1/3 of portfolio moving it to a wallet
I bought it through Coinbase.
I didn't move it to a wallet.
/thread
They mean that in the time the transaction from Coinbase to your wallet would take, the price would have fluctuated that much.
4315312Not tonight, Norman.Not.
Tonight.
I thought Coinbase was a wallet?
Should I buy some BCH or not?
Nah they mean that fees that get your transaction processed are currently at around 0.007 BTC, which translates to ~45$
So coinbase isn't a wallet?
you're not "investing" anything, you're a retardgo work at micky d's for a few months and come back
You could compare your own wallet with a piggy bank you hide under your bed and an exchange like Coinbase with a bank account.By wallet, people refer to a thing on your pc, to which you possess the private key, so nobody else could possibly access it.Coinbase is an exchange, who has its own wallet on which your BTC are stored.
I mean it COULD be that any of the current exchanges act like Mt Gox a few years ago and take all user's bitcoin, but they are much more regulated now and it is not very likely.
I'm new to cryptocurrency so please be gentle.Then I guess my BTC aren't in a wallet then so thank you for clearing that up for me.
I noticed on the website for BCH that I am given some amount of BCH because I have BTC, how does that work?
Yes.>As more and more mining power flocks into Bitcoin Cash, it will take longer and longer for transactions on Bitcoin to occur.
This is due to Bitcoin's difficulty adjustment algorithm.
This will probably result in massive transaction congestion which will probably lead to a dramatic drop in BTC's value.
If a very high percentage of miners drop off, transactions will probably even be "stuck" for several hours until a block is found.>Blockstream/Core's antithesis to this might be a PoW change, shifting to an algorithm that is ASIC resistant.
If this is done, it will require a hard fork at which point it would then be contestable as to whether it could actually inherit the name Bitcoin (BTC).
In my opinion, Bitcoin Cash would actually have better ground upon which to claim the BTC ticker as it follows Satoshie's whitepapaer.
The end result: Bitcoin Cash becomes BTC.There are rumours that around 70% of the hashrate agreed to switch to Bitcoin Cash on the 13th.
So can you recommend a place like Coinbase for me to buy some?
I read that Coinbase won't be accepting transactions for BCH until January 1, 2018.
Is that true?
Can someone shoot this fucking brainlet?
It took me a weekend of DYOR to get my straight shit.
Now stop being an annoying nucoiner and DYOR.
I don't know what websites to look up.