What does /biz/ think of funds like 1) Vanguard Balanced Index Fund Investor Shares (VBINX) ER 0.19%;2) Vanguard LifeStrategy Growth Fund (VASGX) ER 0.15%; or3) Vanguard zone LifeStrategy Moderate Growth Fund (VSMGX) ER 0.14%.They pretty much run themselves, and the one is allocated at 80/20 which is perfect for a 20 year old
you remaking this thread?dude i already told you, just go with VTSAX (if you have $10,000) or VTSMX (if you have $3,000)you absolutely cannot beat this YTD or ER anywhere else
Why does a 20 year old need 20% in bonds?
100/0 portfolio is great when you're young.
Go with this guy's advice:  and get 100% VTSAX or VTSMX or VTI.If you want you can do something like 80% VTSAX / 20% VTIAX.Keep in mind that your ability to 1.)
Earn money and 2.)
Actually save+invest it and not spend itWill be much more important than you picking the perfect investment strategy.
Wait who are you again?
Where can I buy this coin?
It’s not on Bittrex or Binance?
Why not Vasgx?
i'M FUCKING CREAMING YOUR YTD ON BCH
If you are young you should be /long UPRO/
I do have 10k to invest too lol
You have to be in it for the long term though, you could easily get BTFO and take 90% losses and not recover for 5-10 years, but in 30 years retire a millionaire
You don't need bonds.
Bonds seem like a meme I would rather have dividend paying blue chips or REITs instead
This.
But it seems like the Vanguard REIT fund is bogged down with so much dogshit.I'm considering going elsewhere for sector specific REIT funds.
I mean you dont get that kind of risk with something like (VASGX) since its a mutual fund with many stocks
They are safe, 80% stocks and 20% bonds isnt a bad idea for a 20 some year old.
They are safeSo are stocks.
4311630You should dollar cost average your 10k, $100 a month for the next 10 years in XIV2000% gains in 5 years, dollar cost average in case of random crashes
they are literally the same
check ticker COR
XIV now?
What happened to vanguard funds?
You have to keep allocating that do you not?
Like it doesnt run itself since it is an ETF instead of a mutual fund
are you serious?
are you even reading that image?VTSMX blows that other one out in almost every categoryalso VTSAX is much more worth it if you have the capital - ER goes down to 0.04%and it is a mutual fund, i don't know what you're talking about dude.
ETFs are basically cheaper versions of mutual funds, they all re-allocate.
you seem seriously confused about these.
Sorry yeah I am slightly confused.
I read on the boglehead website that ETF"s are a pain in the ass to buy and sell while mutual funds are so much easier to get rid of and are safer.
But I do have l iterally 10 thousand I was gonna put in the market on (VASGX) because of the 80/20 allocation but im second guessing myself now
dude what?
ETF's are bought and sold during trading hours, meaning easy.
Mutuals can only be sold after market closes.
Read investopedia for 2 weeks before buying anything
then what was i hearing about ETF's being bad from bogleheads
those boomer bogleheads think buying ETF's makes you more prone to trading more often, which is bad in their eyes.
forget them.
just buy ETF's, mutuals are for boomers
idk but you're reading some retard advice over thereyou can literally buy and sell ETFs on shit like Robinhood just like that...
buy lin.....link...?
Cant i do it on vanguard too?
I have a vanguard account now
4312697also id need to have more that right to have a well diversified porfolio correct?
And dont i have to reallocate it every year?
yes, any brokerage like vanguard, fidelity, td ameritrade should do
fucking ER's