Sup biz.
I feel like opening a vape shop would be really comfy.
i have a nice place to put it with lots of traffic, and have some friends who would want to work there.
Probably a slim chance, but who here owns a smoke shop/vape shop?
Is it lucrative?
How much would it take to start a shop up?
Start off w/ some basic to intermediate setups.
Get some core juice flavors that are pretty well known to begin w/.
Then focus on growing a customer base, give them incentives to come back next time to your shop.
Offer daily/weekly deals, people love that shit.
Get their feedback on stuff then move from their on other products you should be ordering.
The hype is over.
Be the first or die like the rest.
If you hire your friends you're going to fail
"Hire" + "Friends" = povertyGreat way to lose money and find out how ghoulish your friends are while paying them.
sell naked brand juice its the best and cheap, pretty good return on profit
truth.
Bro if its a smoke shop you are gonna want glass that people your side of town will actually buy.
Vapes make some decent money but i have a friend who owns 10 vape shops, 3 of which he has closed over a 5year period.
Youd porbrably be better off with a smoke shop.
thanks for the info.
solid stuff in here.4376431yeah, the risks of bringing my friends into a business situation should definitely be considered.Im not really interested in making it a smoke shop.
I dont smoke, just vape (i know im a fag) and every smoke shop ive ever went into smells like stale cigarette smoke.
plus theres a lot of degenerates that come in.
Holy shit gayDo what's profitable even it is smells like stale cigarettes you faggotAt least sell pipes and bongs
offer specialized equipment and parts for the hardcore vapers.
they love to tinker on their heads, but you'd have to compete with chinksites on that.
what a retard you would never make it in that world.
Highly lucrative.
I work in a vape shop and the mark up on some products is insane.
For example the Goon 1.5 RDA goes for around £40-50 and its £25 at cost price.Also sell dry herb vapes, bongs, pipes, dab equipment and cbd eliquid for max profits.
get your gear from aliexpress fasttech?is nicotine eliquid legal in your country?
Do your own e liquids.
heard profits come mostly from mixing your own eliquids.. dunno
this
Also remember, Yes vaping is a hobby to most but there are also customers that are trying to make a life change.
You need to hold those customers as the most valuable