What the fuck is his problem?
micro penis
He's EmotionBoi and he mad with his betchcoins.
This degenerate gamblin nagga.
Chad to the max, flexin hard on you legacy loving losers.Yakuza bros. You know you're jealous.
You're on a fucking weeb board.Stop projecting and grow the balls to make real money.Be a BCHad
He has too much money to the point it doesn't matter anymore.
he's understandably mad that a bunch of nu-male redditors calling themselves the "core" team hijacked his friend satoshi's coin and are ruining itI salute this man
thank god for roger ver, they'll have to assassinate him next time they try to cripple bitcoin
core cucks giving up 35% of bitcoin's market dragging their feet and making excusesroger "don't tread on me" ver is the ancap hero the bitcoin community needs but doesn't deserve
I mean, the guy sees an opportunity and takes itIsn't that why hes a whale in the first place?
all in BCH at .08>watched that green candle last night all the way to 0.5 and all the way back down after the ddos attack on exchanges >iron fuckin hands never came close to the sell button>mfw I'm now a BCHad
4335893fuck look at all these Chads with green IDs.
We're gonna make it.
You are the DUMBEST fucking idiot in history.
You could have sold high and bought low 4 times and made 10x your money YOU TOTAL FUCKING MORON.
Truth is, you bought at ATH and youre her BEGGING people to buy this shit so you can afford rent.
HAHAHAHAHA
literally meI have faith in roger, the miners and satoshi's vision.
the pump tomorrow will make yesterday's seem small
wew lad
succ
Trust the guy who got kicked out of USA and have endless history of lying.
Only reason why he got famous is buying bitcoin early and got lucky once, everything after he fucked up.
The guy doesn't have a diploma, no education, been in prison... doesn't your gut tell you that he can't be trusted... well if not it was a good experience taking your money above 2000$ per BCC lmao, didn't think it was possible but thank you
Here's the retarded thing about Bitcoin (Core or Cash) supporters.
You look at the other side, see stupid/criminal behavior, and conclude your side is better.
All forks of Bitcoin are complete shitshows with defacto centralization.
Trusting Adam Back because you don't like Roger Ver makes you a reactionary moron.
The whole space is 110 IQ retards scamming 95 IQ retards while actual great minds are working on other projects.
What the fuck is his problem?Photo related.
he has no problem, he's just really good at triggering core cucks
Being filthy rich wasn’t enough ,he wanted more