Let's face it:If you want to have a multiple child family in a good house WHILE having hobbies and investments......You'll need a no-questions-asked combined household income of around $70,000That is to say, at least you or your wife will need a Bachelor's degree most likely.This is also ASSUMING you'll find a good wife that won't divorce you.Survival of the fittest baby-boo.
You up for the challenge?
My advice?
Literally don't marry a white woman.
I make 80kYou need more.
Everyone I know with children is completely miserable.
People just aren't cut out for it anymore and can't handle the responsibility.
An entire generation of children.
Then on top of that, you're completely cucked if you end up falling for the hospital delivery, disposable diaper, and infant formula jews.
Don't even get me started on public schooling.
People jump into this shit too fast.
If you want to have your own children, you need a partner you can trust and years of planning.
k?
Lol.
140k is the bare minimum if you want a middle class lifestyle with 3 kids.
4343614Y'all Americans.
k is probably tough but doable.
You don't need a degree to make 70k though.
Plumbers where I live charge at cheapest 35$ for half an hour of work.
That's not counting initial fees or supplies.
You only need 33.5$ an hour to break 70k a year.
everyone lives in Scamcity, US.Meanwhile when my BTC is worth 1 million € in the next 5 years I will retire in spain and eat good food and have good sun while you dumb cucks wagecuck forever.
> I have masters degree, work in my department and make 7 bucks per hourAyy glorious third world countries.
Not true in Níger Jerome is having 7 kids each.
Cost of living / tax burden varies a lot depending on what state you're in (assuming burger thread).
OK Thanks /biz/
So 1 Obsidian masternode?
Actually you just need to go into sales then you don't need a degree at all.
All that matters is how good you perform
3 kids, wife doesnt work, I make £120K+, no degree and work as an IT consultant.
Atlanta here
I just graduated this may and I'm already making 60k + bonus.
Idk what the fuck you are smoking or where you are living but 70k is NOT enough for all of that.
If you are 30 and not making 6 figures already consider suicide.
Preserve the white race>Don't marry white womenI will never understand /pol/.
Lol, dude if you don't make more than 100k then you are not trying to make money.
kids>Pharmacist Wife - $136k/yr>Stay at home dadAsk me anything.