told you fools to buy in when it was still in ICO.
Its not too late... EOTY projected $15 get in or stay poor If you got inPresale - 6xStage 1 - ~4xStage 2 - ~3.5xStage 3 - ~3x
wth i only get 68 miserable coins, could i still be rich?
White paper projected 56$ in 6 months :) you can do the math
but there are many lending platforms right now, bitconnect make his maket, but was alone, but how this shit lendings gonna survive with their crappy logos and low budget pages
Missed out on ICO, bought some nice heavy bags ready for at least a 10x from here.
Also heard lending platform released soon
Lending platform within 24/hrs and already on blockfolio... you made the right choice
Doesn't show the price anywhereWhat is it
Look up GRX on blockfolio
Meh 1 dollar for each token.I think I will wait til it hits etherdelta and buy it for 10 cents.
Its already on ED... trading at .0098ETH LOL hf waiting you jew
credence coin went from 3 to .5 , if this dont work , wenstern coin the same if this dont work i gonna to the streets again
LOL credence site looks like absolute ass.
no surprises.Goldreward- Presale sold out- ICO first round sold out in 24 hours- 2 More ICO rounds which are being pushed ahead of schedule as the first round and presale sold out fast- The team can actually speak English- Website isn't a rip off of BitConnect script, they actually made their own- Website has decent hosting- ICO is ran through MEW and is an ERC20 token which seems more legit to me than buying on EthConnect platform and being rewarded EthConnect balance- Will probably get their internal exchange up and running way before Ethconnect- It's hyped by all the crypto youtubers- Has a more legit looking name and branding, allowing them to get external exchange listings easier
we gunna be rich m8
Unreal .. Ponzi is 6x ICO already.. and I'm sitting here REQKT at below ICO.
This shows crypto is still a big fuking joke
welp up more than 25% since I posted :D
so whats your plan, you gonna keep it until what price?
$ minimum
still plenty of gas left.
I got in @ 0.01 earlier then started to dip for hours... accumulated a little bit more now shits fken flying and its barely begun
For sure just look at Regal's run up 10$ -$ in less than a month, now because of BTC Pump it got corrected to 50-60$ range ... def see Goldrewards doing something similar
Why does binance never have any of these ICO startups?
Its the only exchange I can get on.
Their shitcoin collection is stale