7:06 pm GMT is the expected upgrade to bchThe Chinese miners buying in was real.The crash and the panic sell was also realThere will be a surge in price but i don't expect it to go as high as it would have gone if bithumb didn't crash.
This is why we need a mainstream decentralized exchange.
All holders should be able to recoup some earnings within the day or two if there is some confidence.
But i expect a lot of resistance with minimal fomo.
>Buy my bags /biz/
Keep in mind that btc legacy developers are ceasing bitcoin legacyAnd expect bch to take over within 6 months
dude kys for using LINK like this.
every time i see your shitty bch thread I think it's a cool LINK bro.
It's the tripfag with his bad calls again.Didn't you call a BCH pump yesterday?
You also bought REQT high, right?
lmaoNever listen to avatar-fags.
Never listen to tripfags.
bitcoin classic is just another shitty fork, not "legacy developers".
way to show you're just a fucking dumbass and/or a scammer.
Yeah this is the resistance that's going to happen.People selling at every interval mostly between .25-.30
youre fucking retarded, classic was always an altcoin implementation (which later became bcash)
I called the verge pump before the wraith update.
I called the bch pump when i got in at .12 sats.I called it hitting .25-.27 and hitting possibly .30 when in fact it hit .50I did not call the crash at bithumbI did not call the panic sell that occurred after thatWhen you gather information you can't know random fluctuations that alter the future.
This is not a shill to buy bchThis is to let holders know when to get out of bch and not sell right now at a loss
My main reason for my tripfag name and Avatar is to let people know what I'm callingI'm bullish on link but i know that rocketship isn't leaving for awhile.
I'm catching other trains in the meantime and letting others know how I'm trying to grow my link stackI've been right 85 percent of the time.But fuck me for not being 100 percent right
I've never called request network but i do know it will moon sooner than link that's a fact
Price is already starting to surge fyi