Looks like my prediction has been true so far.
hey guys this is Layne Staley, MTV faked my death in 2003 to stop me form spreading the good word about Chainlink in the future, i managed to free myself of the chains in the MTV studios to post this one /biz/ post advising you all to buy link while you still can, godspeed
Except it has never restored pre-sibos 27-32c price
Oh linkies.
What would the world of cryptocurrencies be without you?
What do, we owe the honour.
The promise of Link seemed promising at first.
The premise of 'rent free' was surely innovative and ahead of its time.
But, as time showed us, this coin was nothing more than a pump and dump that inadvertently created the most deranged community of bag holders known to man.
A community that incessantly screeches "rent free" whenever they feel threatened, which is very common.
To be a linkie is to be deranged.
Having lost everything, whether it be your house, marriage, wife's sons college money or life-savings surely takes a toll on the mental serenity of a linkie's mind.
Slight threats critiquing the developers of Chainlink sets the common linkie into a state of neurosis that can only be cured by euthanasia or the eventual revaluing of this godforsaken currency.
However, once the price reaches 10 cents, the value will continue falling.
This crash will be catalyzed by the fact that thousands of wallets will be lost as a mass suicide of linkies, causing the price to dip even further.
Don't be deranged, don't be a linkie.
we're still in the HAHAHA LINKIES BTFO stage m8
Mine toohttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sxiWNLqfd1g
Can someone explain this free rent meme
Which is still higher on pic than pre-sibos pump.Which was not the case.
Rn we're in ED era price range
LOL nice one.
I love AIC thanks for the meme
Sooo... is this a good thing o a bad thing for bag hodlers.
((-5%))
It's a fooly cooly reference.
You won't get it unless you are a fan of anime.
i've seen fooly cooly three times and didn't know that rent free meme was from it kek