Can anyone tell me what /biz/ is genuinely good for?The posts here are just full of short term reactionary retards who can't see the big picture.Where are all the posts about the next ethereum?
The coins that will do 100x in the next year?
You know, if there was discussion around that we'd probably be making more money than flipping shitcoins because you're all so impatient.Why are all the posts just morons who are taking profits of 10-20% on shitcoins?
Crying out "MOON" and "LAMBO" if a coin does a 2x.
I mean jesus fucking christ what is wrong with you all.All of you would've cashed out after ETH hit $10 with your attitudes.
It's fucking pathetic.
My question is though - what do YOU get out of browsing /biz/?
Sometimes biz nails some short term swing trades, just gotta be able to figure it out amongst all the shilling.
powr and xmr are long term.powr is ez 5x imo.
ur mom
Do you have the next x100 two years down the road?
I’ll be happy to listen and probably by some with a good arguement to hold.
Sometimes I get decent info here, but mostly I just come laugh at the buy high sell low and fomo pink wojaks.
Where are all the posts about the next ethereum?
The coins that will do 100x in the next year?
You know, if there was discussion around that we'd probably be making more money than flipping shitcoins because you're all so impatient.You mean like we're literally already doing with the most shilled, most exciting, most board dominating coin here this year?
The coin that has created more hype and memes than anything since ETH, regardless of its short term price?
How fucking new are you here to even ask that question.
We are talking about the next biggest thing in crypto all the fucking time.
It has taken over this board.
If it isn't immediately obvious what I'm talking about you are a newfag of the highest order.
I have honestly built my portfolio up by swing trading and timing moons.
I wouldn't have done it with out biz.
I mean have you ever seen the NYSE those faggots are yelling so much and they all got those gay suits and headsets on and their bald.
What's the difference?
POWR already had a huge run up and they wont even have a blockchain until 2019 stfubuy MOD instead, trust me

Reading some of these posts can be hilarious.As for my biggest long-term bet, it's ELLA, PIRL, ALQO and ZOIN.
if Ethereum gets into trouble, ELLA or PIRL could kind of take over.
The large pre-mine of Ethereum can become a problem.As for ZOIN it's more of an XMR alternative, and ALQO is more like BTC but with masternodes.
XTZ.
DPoS voting system to fork-proof.
It facilitates formal verification, a technique which mathematically proves the correctness of the code governing transactions and boosts the security of the most sensitive or financially weighted smart contracts.Lawsuits right now are a joke.
The law firm is down the street from me, they sued Tesla earlier this year.
The ETH soy boys take swings every day to protect their rusty 89' buick.
Look at the background of Arthur Breitman.
Absent the fud my ICO position ious are already trading over 500% of investment.Large entities are watching this very close:http://m.nasdaq.com/article/goodbye-bugs-how-formal-verification-could-fortify-smart-contracts-cm881593
what do YOU get out of browsing /biz/I'm here to be rude to people as stress relieve.
So glad you didn't give away the coin.
OP is so daft he probably won't be able to figure out which one it is.
What a fucking idiot
You reqt him hard
Biz is an extremely autistic hive mind.
You can find great value in the details but even more by looking at few hours to months worth of information to properly gauge the state of the market, identify and valididate trends and even discover new opportunities.It’s been extremely bullish on crypto for most of the year now, which is a strong indicator in itself.
Anyways, just look at the big picture.