>invest in this shit yesterday after /biz/ shilled it>already made $2000 since/biz/, I love you autistic shitheads.
This was my first crypto investment and so far, it's left a very good taste.Here's to more gainz for the rest of us.
what are you referring to?
HST
yep.
meant to buy this shit yesterday when it was 14 cents.
tfw got in too early when it was like 33csad days
>tfw got in a week ago when it was first shilled at $0.30please go up some more.
still bagholding on this one.
tfw only invest $10 and made $13.5 on HST
I bought at 0.26.
Still losing.
4499443Did you guys buy yesterday or something?Or during the ico?
How can anyone get gains on this.
Price was 26-30 cents on ED
I think it dumped for like a week after being listed on binance
Feels so bad man..I decided to put money in HST a week ago but delayed it until I saw a thread about it last night.
at 03:00 AM.
I was about to go to bed and I was on the fence for 2 minutes wondering if I should send a couple more of Ethereum to ED to buy HST or if I should just go to bed and do it first thing in the morning instead.Wake up to 90%... God damn it.Ah well, I've had other nice gains tonight on other stuff, so it's not KMS-time, but it still sucks balls
Bought at 16c.
Gonna dump soon and then buy back in lower.
Free HST lol
You mean kucoin?
What's the LINK frog doing in this thread??
It was 13 cents at some point yesterday
frogyou have to go back
4499985Relax.
This shit will hit minimum $1 by EOY.>The team's gonna announce their partnership in December (possibly partnership with the United Nations).>Cryptopia will list HST before the end of Nov.>AMA with Ian Balina on 1 Dec.Don't cash out too soon, you will miss bigger gains.
what does partnership with the United Nations even mean???
?holding this one aswell but i dont understand thid UN shit...what does a partnership with un even look like...its not like its a company
Dude... you should've done your own research before investing.Lucky you, you bought HST instead of a random useless shitcoin.HST is a decision-making platform.
To be able to use the platform, the organization (such as the UN) needs to buy the HST tokens.These tokens will function as votes, but not necessarily 1:1 ratio.
i know all this...but what does a PARTNERSHIP with un mean??
?i get that they may use hst for voting on various things....thats not a partnership...thats what i was meanning to ask...wil the un just use hst for voting or does partnership mean something bigger
i get that they may use hst for voting on various things....thats not a partnership...So what's that called if not partnership?I think it may lead to that: the UN and its subsidiaries will use the HST platform in their decision-making process.That's big, considering the UN has a massive budget.
Congrats bro.
I invested in this bullshit when it was first shilled and lost about £300 on it - my bad desu I could have claimed £700 or so profit if I hadn't been greedy and held on too long.
CMON RISE SOME MORE SENPAII NEED TO BREAK EVEN
well will see...hoping for the best
Me too..
And the whole moon of that because of a Telegram message of a dev.
It could literally easily be a lie.
A telegram message.
Think about it.
I hate this stupid fucking market ffs but thx for the gains.
I get what you’re saying, but if it was some random CEO without anything legit tying them down I’d be concerned too.
The team for HST actually looks super legit.
$1THINK BIGGERWe're talking $10 = $300 Million Mkt CapThree-hundred millionFucking low as fuck, at TEN DOLLARSDude, we're fucking rich, fuck LINK, we HST now
what 10$ eoybullshit