.........it’s gonna recover right
Swift is going to push the partnership after ripple news.
Nigga if they dont do it ripple is going to curbstomp them at this point.
At least announce to investors that they are trying to fight ripple ffs.
if it doesn't recover I will eat my shoes
post timestamp and shoes
no
not competitors, lol.
ark's use-case is the autism version of what LINK is trying to do
hahahah you fukcng cuck deluded arkieget help
Dumb fuck LINK isn’t in competition with Ripple in any fucking way, 2 completely different blockchain companies.
Connecting blockchain to blockchain vs, connecting the outside world to blockchains.
Posting this image when Santander just jump into partnership with ripple.>but they do different things REEEEEfucking linkies.
How is Santander getting their legacy info into the blockchain in a trustless and verifiable way?
Does Ripple has a network of decentralized oracles?
No, sell it retard.
You're the dumb fuck.
I was saying that SWIFT is literally fucking dead if they dont announce a blockchain solution to combat Ripple.
> live rent free in your head
Time will show the true victor.
NOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Rory said the partnerships will come after the main net is released.He didn't give any timelines but many think it will take a few months at least.
Yes, of course.
This is what early investment looks like, so get comfy.Ripple and Swift will likely form a partnership in a few years.
LINK and XRP aren't competitors anyways, LINK is a middleware oracle for smart contracts and XRP is a distributed ledger blockchain for transferring monetary value.And yes, Swift and Ripple are business competitors, but business competitors form partnerships all the time.
In my opinion, a Swift/Ripple partnership would be a no-brainer.
Both sides would benefit.
That would be years down the road though, and would depend on how much Ripple grows and how much staying power it will have as a major player.And before LINKies feel threatened, relax.
LINK and Ripple can coexist since they do totally different things and solve completely different problems.
He didn't give any timelines but many think it will take a few months at least.nobody cares what many neets on biz think
?Many in slack...
post screenshots
Of what?
It comes up sometimes, go and talk to people yourself.Some say Q1, some Q2, these are estimates of course since they still haven't hired any new devs as far as we know.
I think the only reason they are hiring new devs is to be able to deliver earlier this 2018.
Steve said on gitter that they are only reimplementing the system in golang so basically they can do it with the current team.
For some fucking reason they really want to launch the mainnet early 2018.
Even rory said so.
...my arks will moon instead, right?
> muh oracles and sheeeiiiitttt
ARKS are slowly climbing - will be 17USD EOY 2018, screencap this so you can post it later and when Link is still .18
please moon it
Buy the dip guys, I hope you are buying the damn DIP
It’s been $0.17-0.20 for an eternity.
No point
Eternity?
It's been at $.17 a little over two weeks.
Has anyone here ever held in the stock market?