If today has taught us one lesson /biz/, it's that for all the professed self-awareness so many biz-raelis claim to have when it comes to identifying shitcoins and scams, you can perpetrate the MOST OBVIOUS PnD OF ALL TIME, with 100% of every signal, and still fool a huge portion of morons.
Despite all the warnings, all the experiences, everything.
People really are idiots.
They'll never learn.
Its why the rich get richer and the poor stay poor.
Greed blinds everything.I sold near the top.
Then rebought.
Critical failure.I lost very small from what I had yesterday morning, albeit I managed to extract very significant profit and now have more XBT than I ever had with XBT's rates quite obviously on the ascending course.Interesting lesson, to be sure.
this shit happens a lot to mesell the top, and rebuy later, only to see the coin keep falling and eroding all my profitsfuck
4318352Look up 'Black Swan Theory', humans are incapable of learning from past events in part because their cognitive bias always makes them look for the same event.
Case in point, every fucking BTC dip, people say 'its different this time', because they assume the dip will be causes by the same thing as the last dip, but each dip will be caused by a new challenge, a new obstacle.
BTC has a better track record at this point than anything else on the planet, including fucking Gold.
As we speak, Bitcoins raise in value automatically covers my losses.
If it climbs back at at least 5700 EUR per XBT, I will be back at where I started, except with 70 euro profit extracted from the exchange, more XBT than I had before, and lots of knowledge.
That was my first pump.Thing is, I would really want BCH to prevail over XBT.
I really wish the flippening happened, seriously.
The assassin failed to stab the king, was caught and is going to be executed in the 24 hours, but I seriously hope there will be a next time and this time, the royal head will roll.
you're such an idiot for buying bch at .1 and selling .4Look retard, not all of us panic buy ATH
If you didn't panic buy at ATH then this thread isn't even targeting you retard.
Stop being so sensitive, this thread is for all the cash cucks who keep saying it's gonna flip in the next 24 hours.
IT seems rather obvious at that point that it's not gonna flip in the near future.Anyways, what are the chances that the Koreans will do another pump in the foreseeable future?
Or of any increase of BCH value?
This is fucking great,now I have the income to get dumped on by the shills in /biz/.
|I made it /bz/ bros!