What middle aged people think of Bitcoin and crypto in general

how does this idiot think those people got to billionaires to begin with?
it wasnt through wageslaving like he thinks
thanks for your valuable insight, boomer



how butthurt will the nocoiners be when blockchain tech truly blows up and all the cash flows into the alts basically turning NEETs into MIllionaires?
Ummm... that already happened, that's why they are so butthurt.You're not rich yet because you only jumped on last year?
You got a hard time ahead anon.
Thanks Linda go use some vagasil
i remember during that SEC conference where they talked about bitcointhose old fucks had NO IDEA what they were talking about and the BTC price skyrocketed
still plenty of time to make it, cuck
This.
Neets that bought and held/forgot in 2009-2013 are already millionaires.
Nobody holding less than $100,000 in BTC/alts now will be a millionaire from it ever.
Lol, my dad is 56 and just bought a new house with his ETH gains.
My crypto-evangelizing let us own our own home for the first time since 2010.
Faggot boomers get rekt
Aka people who have been wagecucking for 30yrs and still have nothing to show for it
Bitcoin packages are a real thing
+ and proud of "toughing it out" to put 5% of my income into a 0.7% savings account that just broke 5 digits, never mind the crippling credit card and savings debt, the qualified opinion
bought a new house with his ETH gainsthis is a 1st.
no one talking about crypto's mentions buying a house.
that's a huge selling point with Millennials shunning debt, mortgages/amortization, credit, etc....
Now that bitcoin is dead, what is the best altcoin for human trafficking?
Chainlink
Yes, but paper, paper has value!
This thread is a good reminder that we are still in the early adopters stage.
friend of mine who bought eth back when it was £2 paid off his house with his gains.
Think he should still have like 600k left at least.
I dont understand this hate boomers memeare you actively thinking about how you are going to effect the lives of the people being born 20 years from now?We're literally on a board about fucking people over and making money
kek
oh man, the typos.
this really doesn't get its just deserves.
it is a HUGE selling point for crypto's>buy in to get in>begin faithfully reinvesting gains>create a folio/basket of crypto's>maintain focus, intestinal fortitude and an iron grip on the ride up>convert gains to cash>purchase/payoff a house
43174694317478C O P EOP E
> c-criminals> as if investing in the most profitable worldwide industries is a bad investmentAs long as you're not legally culpable, it is absolutely a sound idea to invest in drug and sex trade, they are far and away the most profitable, timeless, borderless and recession proof industries in the world.
4317661Both of you are right, truth is you have to be much more lucky to be ahead of the wave nowBut I think there will be a second wave of money entering the market giving us all gainz in 2018
 Emman Bagaymore like, a man be gay
Prostitution actually takes a pretty big hit during recessions.
Wives start paying more attention to their husbands' spending habits when their allowance tightens up.
ah yes the classic "I don't understand it therefore it's a scam" argument
blockchain is the beast, i believe it
thats an old commeny im sure.every normie is talking abouy btc now.
>keep telling friends about crypto and get the usual retard pleb responses>months go by as it keeps rising they finally go hurrr maybe i should do dis and buy at an ATH>instant crash AHHH WTF U LOST ME MY MONEYevery fucking time
Who cares?every time a normie loses money I make more money
Boomers need to die of before crypto will be widely adopted.
There's no way around it.
There's too many of them and they're too ignorant and stubborn.
They also think that only way to make money is through paycheck or loan.Sad stupid people that never took any risks are not the kind of people id like to take advices from
crypto is way too inefficient to be 'widely adopted' dumbass>hurrr $5 fee for $2 coffee that takes 1 hour to confirm
crypto means bitcoin only>credit and debit card transactions instantly deposit money to the seller's account>coffee example is not worn out and cliche
Bancor will rule them all.
They said the exact same shit about the internet in the early 90s, and that nobody would ever use it for business.
I was too young to care about money then but it's the same pattern over again.
So is 95% of their fiat.
People are retarded
The meek shall inherit the earth
4317446They are right tho
and how can you mine a currency which is fundamentally just a piece of fucking rock that glows
We'll he's kinda right, crypto is mostly used for money laundering, drugs, cp, all kind of obscure things.That's true.He ain't wrong about thatTrueNothing to say against that
yes the hard truth .
i was too fucking young and retard .
funny cause i was reading an article when back then about bitcoin , i tought " hey maybe i buy few coins " then i didn t
if I don't understand it then it's stupidNormies are brainlet.People think what passes on the TV is stupid but it just reflects the state of the pleb.Russia is more western than amerimutts these days.
i already have some cryptos, but how do i get into this human trafficking thing?
i could use some slaves
the best is the USA it can be not other way, also the mark is an OATH of service completed when you file saying you are domiciled in washington D.C. and are a Public Officer see USC 26 7701 (a) 9&10
Hell noRussians, all of them, are b personality type narcissists assuming everyone is going for their throats, because in russia they usually are.
They communicate in shouting matches.
underrated
effectIt's affect, chink