First coin with SegWit.
Groestlcoin is a blockchain pioneer by being the first coin that activated SEGWIT in January 2017.Enabling Lightning Network, Groestlcoin gets almost ZERO fee transactions, instant payments, scalability and Atomic Swaps.Extremly low fees.
The fee for transferring 10,000 GRS is 0.000045 GRS.Only coin that is capable of sending GRS over SMS.Continuous development!
Every 3 months our developers team release new features and updates.Only coin that has succesfully ported Bitcoin Armory.Only coin that have over 80 Electrum servers.One of the few coins that have a Ubuntu PPA available.One of the few coins that is officially maintained by the Bitcoin Debian packaging team.Only coin that has succesfully ported Multibit HD.We have 11 different Android wallets.
Most struggle to have just 1.We have 10 different Blackberry wallets.
Most dont have any.We have 2 different ios wallets.We have over 10 different desktop wallets.Only coin that has ported Samourai and thus succesfully implemented BIP147.
You can work with payment channels with Groestlcoin.One of the few coins where you can play with OP_HOLD, RBF and other new features.Only coin that has ported electrum client to java.One of the few coins that has ported rushwallet.com.Only coin with over 100 repositories with developed work.Only coin that has wallets which can use NFC tags as encryption key.Only coin that has ported Msigna.Only coin that has ported sentinel.Only coin that is still being compiled with Visual Studio (like Satoshi himself did).One of the few altcoins that have a working testnet.One of the few altcoins that are hosting their own block explorer.One of the few altcoins that even have wallets for testnet.One of the few altcoins that is keeping their Core wallet up to date.Asic resistant.
A GPU Miner’s Heaven which makes the mining distribution of this coin fairer and more even, to help prevent the centralization of our coin.
When will the VTC guys realize they're investing in the wrong coin
Only coin to have a shitty name that'll prevent it from ever catching on regardless of how amazing it is.
>We have 11 different Android wallets.
Most struggle to have just 1.Why the fuck would you need more than 1 wallet?
Surely this is how normies end up getting scammed.
Instead of there being 1 safe clearly official wallet, there's 171 different wallets, one of which ends up stealing your shit.
ThisWhy the hell do they even need 11 fucking wallets?
That's exactly the type of shit you sell dumb people on.
>please buy my bags I didn't sell fast enough
I bought some.