WTF do I have to pay this?
Is this even legal?My dad said it's important to get your foot in the door Rajesh, it's how he landed his first job
This thread again?
Is that for real are they allowed to to do this shit
Unfortunately you have to pay it anon.
Wasting human resource time is a serious offense.
I would like to help you.
I have made quite a bit in crypto.
Please send me your email addy and I will make contact.
This wouldn't surprise me if it were real in America.
VCATSo, Aussie?
Of course you do not have to pay dumb fuck.
Did you ask them a service?
No, they asked YOU a service, to come over.Check if you signed anything, if not literally ignore them.
They won't do shit, if they keep threatening tell them to sue.
lol what a retard, why would you lie on your application
You better pay anon.
This is no joke.
The IRS will be on ur ass real quick if you dont
HAHAHAHAHA!I'd wipe my ass with that and mail it back!
Rebekah, (owner)
why would you lie on your applicationthis is a common practice to get a job when you have no experience anon...
lmfao that is a scam
Flask>MySQLWhat are these, are they cryptocurrencies?
Send the cunts a bill for your timeHow hot was Rebekkah, sound like a jew.Fucking cunts.Post the compant name so we can kill them.
is requesting the time consumed by your interview is remitted in fullNo way a HR bitch would let this nonsensical sentence pass.Calling fake.Even so, they can't prove your lack of experience/understanding or they knew you'd flunk and are running a small scam.
Contact your State HR Board, you might be able to file a complaint and get these fuckers pinned to the wall for trying to rip you off.
>people still think this was USAFucking READ.
Says VCAT.
Says they will turn it over to VCAT to handle.
Victorian Civil and Administrative Tribunal is Aussie small claims court.
Goddamned idiots.
might possibly take them to the court for blackmail
became immediately obvious>still proceeded for 6 hoursYeah ok....


tbf it's kinda on you that you are lying for a software dev position..
Just file it, dude.
I think it's implying that all 3 were simultaneously present for the full 2 hours of the fictional interview, but ofc even so, 2 hours is not exactly immediate.
Very nice.
Sue them
Your succinct response was much better than mine.
The juxtaposition of the ridiculously long-winded filename is an added bonus.
I can only imagine this is LARP cause it can only be fake.Otherwise, no, it's not legal and you don't have to pay.
You must be retarded to think otherwise.What interview takes 2 fucking hours anyway?
This is the correct way to handle this
>posts the same thread every dayGoddammit OP fucking tell us the company or fuck off this is old.
kek sue them "as a matter of principle" for that load of self-important turd
They cannot charge you without an agreement and quotation stating the interview will be subject to charges accrued by the interviewers and that you signed prior to attending the interview.
You lie about plausible things anon.
You lie about selling items, or you interact with people.
You don't lie about fucking differential equations or a language.
Life taught you a lesson OP.
Don't forget it.
ages