Buy Verge.Verge is at a 3 month low and is about to bounce back to around 100 sats.
Get in now and make a easy 30% gain.
Enjoy.
buying this absolute shitcoin> everpick one
no I'm done with this shit coin and it's going sub 50 soon
This is the floor for now?
It's better than DGB and SIA but not as good as Bitbay or Doge.
I disagree.
verge is the absolute shittiest of the shit.
You can't gegt anything more shitty than this.Maybe confido.
but that's it.
Dogecoin + Tor.
This.
I hate the team behind too, fucking pothead
Want to know why it's at ATL?
I can tell you the secret: It's a shitcoin that is never going to recover
its a shitcoindev is a retarded pothead and never deliverswraith was deadlined for the beginning of november and its currently begin le released in le batchesliterally dropped for 18 days straight with the vergen grill posteri wonder if she is fine
you're going to need to turn around and return to reddit.
Yeah it's a shitty bag but not as bad as the other bags I mentioned.
If you're reading this Vergen Girl man, I hope you sold last night
>verge is a piece of shit shit tier shitcoin>verge's team sucks monkey balls and never deliver>the lead dev is a retard>but i've made quite a few bucks thanks to their shitcoin>will do op, will do
you know what's even worse than the verge team?
the verge community and holders.
They are the most retarded stupid people I have ever met.I'm in some facebook groups that have a lot of verge shills.
and they keep promoting the aboslute shitcoin to everyone.
I warned them a few time about how shitty verge actually is and they just start spewing retarded shit.
When the coinpouch verge wallets got hacked I found a source that hinted at "the verge node" being set up extremely weak, I pointed out how this is yet another blunder caused by the verge team but the shills just kept telling me I'm a retard and it's only the wallet producers fault.
Meanwhile only XVG got stolen and no single other coin.
LOL.Also what kind of decentralized privacy coin needs a special node set up for a mobile wallet to work?
Verge stinks.and the community is even worse.Can't wait for this shit to tank to sub 20 sats so I can laugh at all that suckers that didn't want to listen when I said verge is the shittiest of the shitcoin.
looks like we reach consensus here,>next /thread
go here if you want to cringe even morehttps://twitter.com/vergeleaks?lang=en
Nothing but a shitcoin.
Invest in Monero or Tio 
thanks anon