A OMG vs REQ thread convinced me to get into the triple digits of REQThe reason is simple: REQ hasn't had its day in the sun, its 15 minutes of fame.
Any piece of real news hits and this is rising on pure hype.
Could go 10x, but more importantly I think its the safest 2x ever by 2018.
60M market cap is easy for the most random use case coins, meanwhile REQ has incredible potential and connections.
As I'm writing this I'm thinking of going even harder.
Who cares if its just a whitepaper right now, thats the point, the hype potential is at maximum bc theres no reality to tie it to.
Once theres an alpha or something people realize how far away all this stuff is and sell.
I have a really good feeling about this one.
safest 2x ever by 2018This could easily 2x tomorrow.
The team is releasing screenshots of the platform tomorrow and has announced they are ahead of schedule so who knows what to expect.
Look at the trade history on binance.
Someone has bought 70eth worth over the last 10 minutes.
>Who cares if its just a whitepaper right nowanyone with half a brain.
they got their money from the ico, so wait until they do something.
you had 3 weeks to buy this coin at -50% off and YOU DIDNT DO IT???
this.
Eth only got $18m from their ICO and look what they have done in the last 2 years.
They have an update on the 10th.
hoping for good news.
Glad I bought over 100k when it the price was down!
Bought ico and filled up during recent dip.If theres any decent news presented tomorrow I think we will leave those low prices for good.The team is ahead of their roadmap and moved forward website to interact with Requests, from Q1 2018 to Q4 2017.
Which will support the first of their use cases: business invoices.
Have a hunch this isn't a run of the mill shitcoin.
comparing this shitcoin to OMG
Where to buy this pls?
You may purchase in binance, sir.
Gratis
LOL, both white papers.
Omg South East Asia Market, req has Europe and North America.
Omg has backing from some small shitty company, req is backed by a huge bank and the most successful venture capital firm of all time...Omg tries to trick its investors with Apple and Google lies, the other let's the product speak for itself.
Which one is the real shit coin?
DO you have a referral ID perchance?
Use this, would be thankfull!
;)binance.com/?re f=10596687
4261517Also, get some BNB coins you'll get 50% lower fees when you trade ;)
Imposter but oh well,,,How many BNB coins required for discount?
Presumably one can get them from within the exchange.?
Only need whatever is required for the trade as you are using it for fees.
i have ~1k omg and ~100k req.
if one of both moons.
im rebalancing.
i am holding but.. aren't they french ?
since when do a group of frenchies have the right to trample in and knock over the big-boys from the likes of paypal and the establishment?
how would the big boys not get in on this and fuck these frenchies off?
anybody who gives me a good answer can have one of my lamingtons!
they're from coles.
that's the point people expect paypal to buy out REQ in the long run like how Amazon bought out twitch etc
You know how you see a coin on the moon and you say to yourself "wtf, when did that happen?
Where was I and why didn't I buy any of this when it was 6 cents???"
Well, right now is your chance to buy that coin.
you deserve a lamington.
i hadn't thought of that but now i will put my balls in a little deeper.
sorry OMGbros.I sold after the 30% gains today and converting to REQ.>OMG $800 million market cap>REQ $40 million market cap
Did the same exact thing tonight.Fuck McDonalds.
This is the ground floor for REQ.
get the fuck in
My interest is peaked.
What makes this coin must have?
Considering to put a good amount of ravioli in this coin.
What will happen to people like us holding REQ if it's bought out?
Since it's unregulated can't they just say fuck you?
Idiot...the moment news hits about req being bought out by paypal, the token price would skyrocket, you'd still have ages to get the fuck out WITH massive gains.
I'm a presale investor and dropped 150 eth into it and bought another 30 eth worth when it dropped to 50% ico.
I like the team and the institutional backing.
The tokens unlocked right before btg fork and the altcoin Armageddon that was happening so it didn't have a chance to moon.
Team is ahead of their roadmap and it's closest competitor OMG is over 20x Req's marketcap.
I think there is great gain potential in it otherwise I'd be dropping my bags for a small profit right now.
http://spec-rationality.com/request-network/The Request Network requires the burning of tokens as part of the verification that a transaction has occurred.
The burned tokens are removed from the circulating supply altogether.
This decreases the overall supply of available Request tokens over time.
Concurrently, the demand for tokens will increase over time as the number of transactions on the network increases.Also if they do a buy out it wouldn't be for a year or two and I'm sure there will be more government regulations by then
What news?
Why would paypal give us a heads up?That said, volume is always much lower than supply.
Even if they tried slowly accumulating, they would drive the price sky high before they even got 30% of REQ, whether we knew it was paypal or not.
REQ partnered with IEXEC.
its time to go ballistic.
also burning tokens shows that they care even tho they didnt fuck it up but binance did
Isn't REQ focused on another market?
South East Asia has more demand for this though, seeing how many people aren't linked to the financial system.
you don't understand how REQ is more friendly towards normies and how many deals Asia makes with the west every single day.
Also continuous payment will be huge
Who cares about people linked to a system or not?People want the cheapest, easiest and fastest option.
If anyone can do that, He will win the masses.
Gilles CEO of iExec on REQ Board of Advisors, dude has such brain power makes Vitalik and other autists looks like toddlers with downs.
source on paypal rumors?
it's not a rumor it's a possibility if it ever does happen
For Fuck Sake I was giving you guys shit when I had the chance to get this coin at 50% off
Keep buying high and selling low.
Nah i bought at 0.00017 after ICO, then sold when it went up to 0.00018I was laughing when it went down to like 0.00012Not laughing now tho
I let people sell into me at 0.00011.
And sold everything now.
Easy money easy life.
truuei think it probably will 2x tho
REQ ICO price is 0.0002 ETH.Currently market price is 0.00019 ETH.Currently market cap is $38 million which is TOP 111.When request hits TOP 100 on coinmarketcap, normies going to take notice.GET IN NOW OR STAY POOR
sold for a 70% gain when you could have had an easy 1000%, stay poor.
The sellwalls around ICO price (0.0002 ETH) are massive.
I think those are all the failed flipper pajeets trying to get out break even to gamble on another ICO.Anyways, the fact that those sell walls don't cause a dump shows how much buying pressure there actually is.
Once they are bought up, this thing will skyrocket with constant 100% gains every day for a few days.
A x5 from here is likely before it retracts with a very low risk of this dumping.Best risk/reward ratio of any investment right now.-Merk
REQUEST NETWORK = PAYPAL 2.0.
PAYPAL MARKET CAP $89.87B.
IF REQUEST JUST GET 1% OF THAT = $898 MILLION MARKET CAP.
THINK ABOUT IT.
CRYPTOCURRENCY IS THE FUTURE!
PAYPAL WAS WORTH NOTHING WHEN PEOPLE WERE STILL SWIPING THEIR CREDIT CARDS IN RETAIL STORES IN 2002!
pssh im still accumulating don't shill to hard.
are we hittin ICO today boys?
you seem to assume that user adoption is easy.
it's not.
not saying it won't get there, but it sure as shit won't be easy.
That's the no.
1 problem of every startatup and perhaps the no.
1 reason they fail.
Big companies like Paypal, Facebook, Google, etc.
don't let others chew away at their market share that easily.
This is the one reason I don't like seeing all these REQ threads on biz.
This place is filled with poor pajeets looking to make quick profits without any research or patience.
We have just got rid of them with the last dip... Now with all these posts we may get more coming in.
This type of holders are terrible for a coin as they are too stupid to think long term and delay the mooning of the coin when real news comes out.
yea i know dudefor fuck sake now i might be getting back in, put in a buy order at 0.000188, still overall gain
I was playing with the swings the last two days.
basically buying at 17k and selling at 18.5k.
Managed to get another 20 000.
I feel it is too risky now to do that any more so I am holding but if its a downtrend I will sell about 30% of my stack and try buy in lower.But I doubt it is going down enough again to make these little 10% gains.
Those sell walls are whales that bought the dip
Kyber looks better to be honest.
Couldn't be more different of a project
Can you link me to the original thread?
All in since ICO.
And today i came to the conclusion that i wont make it.
Sorry /biz/
ALMOST BACK TO ICOAFTER ICO THIS IS HEADED STRAIGHT TO PLUTO
No we have the last wave of pajeets to get rid of at ico price then we can start the moon mission
For once biz is actually shilling a coin worth investing in.
This is a legit 10xThe fact they're building the only protocol for bitcoin/fiat/eth payments should make that obvious
10xWith the backing they have and token burning?
More, way way more.
Gotta remember that the crypto market as a whole is growing stupidly fast, people who don't get it often say "no way REQ would reach $1/10/30/60!
That's almost ETH's (or whatever) market cap!"
but they don't realize that in a year or two we'll likely have plenty of coins surpassing the CURRENT ETH mcap and probably a coin or two surpassing the current BTC mcap.
The market as a whole is growing, will REQ surpass ETH?
Nah, by the time REQ hits 60bn mcap ETH will be soaring to 200+, but taking the current mcaps of coins as a limit for FUTURE mcaps of coins is fucking retarded.
Honestly, I'm thinking of buying this one, when is it expected to moon?
we should quit the shills on biz though... let's let them fomo in after we pass ico level
You are right the mcaps in the Future will be lower than today.
Because of tulips.
0.0002
why do you shill already retards...let pajeet stock up on link
i'm laughing hard at the retards who didn't buy around 11-12k when it first hit binance.
I'm capped on this since ICO.
Shorted a couple of times to increase my stack with 15%.My advice - be smart.
If you havn't bought yet now is your final chance.
Put it in cold storage and forget about REQ until Q1 2018.Profit
Same goes for most promising alts...
there is a reason for this to moon in Q1
Hello nigger
There will be government connections announced before the end of year.
Hello pajeet leader
Government of which country?
Y Combinator likes to create adoption from top down to build a captive ecosystem.
And you only expedite projects if you have a clear MVP or have developed further with a specific client set like the government.
Who is worse pajeets or niggers?
Pajeets are shiting on the street but at least they are trying to educate themselves and they wont stab you in the throat
france
Just got back from India and was asking myself the same question a couple of days ago.My answer is too - niggers are worse.
India will be prob one of the greatest countries in 10 yrs.
The progress they made in the last 10 yrs is huge.
It's just so dirty and noisy everywhere.
I'm not sure they'll be able ti fix this...
That is actually quite possible.
Frenchies love their local projects.
Pajeets for sure.
Niggers have great athletes at least, pajeets are like bugs.
Pajeets are a million times worse.
Just the smell alone puts them in a tier of their own.
FUCKK MY LIFEEEEEE>Buy 4000 REQ at 777 sat and enjoy gains>look at binance>only 199.8 REQ>yesterdays order only partially filled and disappeared from the order list, so I thought it was completeCANT CATCH A FUCKINGBREAK
req > paypal
What will REQ be worth if it reaches half of PayPal's mcap?
For me, it's UTRUST.
4265447sauce
bummer.
I'm french, nobody give a shit about cryptoAnd the small community which do, don't speak about REQ
Req developer compared Req to OMG.
https://blog.request.network/omisego-vs-request-network-a-detailed-analysis-779d1f66675b
We are not gonna be able break through this wall at all
a wild 400 k buy order at 900 satoshi has appeared.
That's me btw , please fill it fast, i want to get in below ico price.
I am talking about your government.
Not you plebs.
Wait until tomorrow :)
IEXEC colabs with REQ.
Tomorrow is next big announcement from REQ team.
strap on boyos
10 more sats
Just bought 60 eth worth.
This will be OMG's marketcap - 50% easily.
How much will it be then?
per coin?
If this goes to 10000$ per coin im rich, finally
nvm, wall's dead
10000$ per coinM mcNah 50% of OMG mc would be REQ = 0,60$ which is still x10
120 ETH wall got destroyed at ICO price.
This shit will moon like crazy now
SELL WALLLS BREACHED!
NOW WE MOON!!!!
GET IN EARLY BIZ!
WEVE STRUCK ICO BOIS
HOLY SHIT IT'S HAPPENING BRAHS AHHHHHHHH LET'S FUCKING GO
SHOUT OUT MY REQMARINES WHO HAVE BEEN ACCUMULATING THIS WEEKS.
WE WILL FUCKING MAKE IT
Fuck.
I was going to buy some last night.
I dont know if I should now because binance is so damn slow
YES GUYS FOMO IN NOW AT AN ATH BUY BUY BUY FOMO FOMO BUY AT ATH LIKE EVERY TIME
coin will only go higher when they introduce coin burning system + staking get in before it's too late idiots just learn to hold for more than a week and you'll make it
4260462FUCK YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAABIG UPS TO MY REQ MARINES WHO DCA'D ALL THE WAY TO THE FUCKING BOTTOM.
HERE WEEE GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOBROOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOP
When are those coming?
Actually initial token release date had a higher price than it is now.
You must be a prepubescent Enjin holder who is antsy about other coins making gains.
Q2 2018 GET IN ANON
sometime in 2018 q2/q3 probably too lazy to look at the roadmap again to answer you correctly
Why is it still this low, fucking idiots lmao
Q2I can’t wait that long
Over ico moon incoming!!!!
It will make 50% min by saturday.
x3 min before EOY
Just put 100$
Is it too late for me to get in at 930?
4266893THEN RIP SEE YOU IN A FEW MONTHS AND MAYBE ILL TOSS YOU .001 REQ
Christ man this thing is incredibly UNDERVALUED.
we are just above ICO get the fuck IN HERE
That's one of the hard questions desu.
It's like a choice between pest and cholera.
thats half his pfolio
Niggers are worse, but pajeets ain't much better.
Alright I'm throwing 300 space bucks in I trust you guys.I'm going to hodl to the end of 2018
god speed brother but you're in good hands
Then you shouldn't be in crypto.
I also feel safe knowing Its close to ICO price.
can't be in the red by 2018
fuck why did I put the last amount of money in my portfolio into this.
I am fomoing but this would mean selling either vechain or everex which both have bright future, or link at a loss.
Fuck.
A lot more people here would make it if they were like you.
They trust Biz they just have the patience of a 5 year old and can't hold for more than a month.
You'll make it anon
mate - it's fuckin blown past ico price, where are you looking?
mommy
The REQmarines were right and as usual biz was wrong.
That REQmoon is coming, the REQoning is finally here.
Enjoy the show biz!
shit is just getting started
>tfw only 6k REQFUUCK ME I SHOULD HAVE BOUGHT MORE DURING THE DIP WHY AM I SO POOR FUCK
Moon mission over or just a break for refuel?
it's at like, 9c a coin atm.
We're just chillin out before we fly to $400
You faggots laughed at me when I said ETH or higher mcap in a pair of years, you won't be laughing for long.
These constant shill comments reminds me of LINK lolAnd we all know how well that went...
Just went big on REQ>into the triple digitsWTF, am i missing something or are you poor as fuck?
yeah no, $0.50 by end of 2018, but not $400 anytime soon if ever
must be pajeet am homeless poorfag trading from mcdick wifi and still bought 4k
Bought 25k.
This better moon or I'll fill /biz/ with pink wojaks.
link went 5x and they could've went higher if they communicated with the community/talked about how far they were with their project.
Took x4 profit from look.
And the project makes no sense.
Who is going to use smart contracts outside the crypto world?
You saw what happened with parity right?
Link is a project for the future, not right now.
Haha.
Have caught this myself, both ways.
ALWAYS DOUBLE CHECK THE THINGS.
REQ is straight up the most humblest coin, with the most humble dev team you know, backed by Ycombinator, who are aggressive af These guys are going to the moon my guyTO THE MOON
WE ARE MOONING
4268330THISMOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOON
What's the expected pricepoint the mooning will stop?
Any Professional Cryptographers have a technical analysis?
that feelio when the bank blocked my fiat transfer which I was gonna put into REQ when it was sitting at 0.03>coulda tripled my money if I actually pushed them instead of acting like a beta and just accepting the rejection Fuck me man, I only had play money in REQ but I need to actually put some money on the line here
Should i draw some meme TA's for you?
I mean wtf are you even expecting.
33 BTC sell wall just appeared at 1010 sats, somebody really doesn't want this to moon.
It's too early to moon.
Accumulation was too fast, another time to get rid of the weak hands.
Perfect timing.
About to enter.
Waiting for it to drop to 900.
Aaaand he removed it.
I've gotten to the point where I save a little cash back to put in market orders when I see walls just so that I can damage a tiny bit of the whale's profit margin.
I like to believe that a few others do this also.