It seems there are people intentionally trying to stabilize Ethereum at 300 dollars each
mfw bought in last month at $300 and its back to where it was
its so great.
I wish I just bought at 290 and sold at 300 every single time Would have made it by now
(((People)))
ETH curencyBTC store of valueBCH chink currencyLINK ...muh oracles
Thinking of putting gains from short-term pumps into eth as a store.
Pretty stable at $300, and you will expect it to do at least some-fucking-thing in 2018.
Will probably very gradually begin to pick up value, like 20% per year
probably bogdanoffs.
ETH isnt a fucking currency coin, its gas for smart contracts and basically an entirely new internet ecosystem.Fucking Chirst, will you retards PLEASE do your homework.
gonna need a quick rundown
Yeah, I see it as a great coin for funding ICOs since it's fairly stable.
Nigga I bought eth 4 months ago at 310...
Lol I was Trying to do this.
I like a stable coin to quickly and cheaply transfer money with.
Bitcoin is slow and expensive.
I've been trying this and it doesn't work.
i bought some for 30 when it dropped heavy and gained 13 but ive been stuck at the 43 dollar mark.
next week im going to try and cash in my investment money on it i trust da process.
buying crypto with $30Why even bother?
Why not
If you do well you can turn $30 into $300, etc.Plus, a lot of people still don't take crypto seriously and would never put more than a few dollars into it.
I think it's going to drip drip drip at 300 for a while.
ICOs slowly cashing out.
But stability is a good thing I guess.
new to the game bby just wanna try it out and not throw all of what i want to invest in once.
plus how its looking like right now maybe next week ill buy more.
I firmly believe this is the future, just not enough experience desu I'm in college rn studying business and maybe a minor in finance
it almost certainly does work.
you could have bought at 292 and sold at 300+ almost every day this week
Newbies dont know that is very different trading lunch money and trading serious money and they get disappointed when they go down 50% they're like i turned 50bucks into 100 in a day why i cant quickly turn 5k into 10k
iktf, I made like 100k on a forex play account from 10k in a few days and now im actually using 10k on crypto and I just can't win big anymore
nah I know that if I'm putting my money in this it should be taken seriously at any level, so whatever percent I get now doesn't rustle my jimmies buddy.
i actually lost 13% of this week and im not tripping
Ill buy some when it goes under 300
MEME TRIANGLE CONFIRMED.
SHITS ABOUT TO POP OFF.
BUY BUY BUY.
every ICO is in eth.they raise like 30million dollars.then they dump 30mil of eth on the exchange because they want usd instead of some shitcoin.that causes price of eth to drop
transaction costs