BTC is over face it, it keeps dropping BCH got extreme gainzIf you are not in BCH allready you must really hate money.Even IF BTC will recover you cant deny that there will be great gainz to come
Is BCH a scam at all?
how high can it go and what will happen to bitcoin?
it will raise till btc hits ~4900 if btc drops any more after 4900 expect the flippening to happen but until this point its literally free money.BCH is no scam and also no pump and dump its too much for being a PnD.
Miners are bissed that BTC takes forever.If the flippening really comes in place it takes btc´s place and will go up infinitely.
So bitcoin cash is still the same as bitcoin but faster and better scaling?Will BCH switch places with bitcoin and go to $7k +?
BTC is correcting from its ATH.
Why is everyone panicking.
it will flip.bch is still an easy 3x if you buy now
yes and yes
At least put some effort into your shilling.What happens if the next difficulty hits and whales can't pump it high enough for it to remain profitable?
You do realise only a few whales have to dump and and it's pretty much game over?
ughhh you guys are gonna kill me.
which wallet can i use?
Money is fleeing BTC for BCH.
As a result of the fork dying there's no forseeable scaling solution for bitcoin in sight.
Fundamentals are going to continue pushing BTC into BCH.
BTC is unworkable
Why are pump groups trying to shill a crypto with insane volume and a huge marketcap on /biz/?
There's not enough money here to influence the price, we only have nine figures worth of buying power at max.
>BCH shills even more confident of flippening than last time>Hasn't even broke the ATH in sats as last time didYou fucking guys
BTC is getting fucked in the ass>BCH is being pumped but nothing accepts it and no one has it in their personal wallet>Nearly every single coin is on an exchangeI just want to renew my 4chan pass, motherfuckers!Fuck this powder keg something is going to break and soon.
everyone who disagrees is a shilli swear corecucks are like hillary clinton with russia
Both are unworkable.
ETH wins in the end.
BTC is over face it, it keeps droppingit stabilized around 6200 actually (not saying it can't go lower, just don't lie)>BCH got extreme gainzalso stabilized at 1300, was 900 at start of day or something>Even IF BTC will recover you cant deny that there will be great gainz to comeI think BTC will recover and BCH will stay at 10% of it's value, amking it a great hedge but I wouldn't go all in on itunless, maybe, if I was going to buy something, but who would accept BCH ayway?
Maybe they aren't pump and dump groups trying to shill something.
People holding BCH have been calling anyone that questions them coreshills too.
Don't act like it isn't just both sides throwing shit at each other
its called waves and its far from being stable
thinks the miners are not in on this
it's called waves because it stabilizes before keeping going up/downcrypto is never really stable as prices change EVERY FUCKING DAYonly stable coins are shitcoinsreally makes you think, dosen't it?
Not everyone is a shill but you can tell when some faggots are in a discord communicating because they set each other up with softball questions and then jump to agree.
The beginning of this thread is textbook.
If they are, it's just for them to reap huge transaction fees off BTC which they're now cultivating, as soon as BCH crashes.
Also soon they will probably realize that BCH isn't profitable for them in the long run because nobody's using it.
It's a candy vs a meaty steak.
so you call this stable?Try something different than 1 minute view
shitcoins are now stabilityWhat the fucks HAPPENING?!?!?
!AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
same goes for bch but upwards
eth is the same a bitcoin but faster and has smartcontracts.
why isnt eth going up
i wish i knew
for example:https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2017/nov/08/cryptocurrency-300m-dollars-stolen-bug-ether
god you guys suckAnother tune will be sung next week.
i wish for every pajeet to get a brown id
4308422ETH has major congestion issues as well, don't you guys remember how its been frozen for hours before in the wake of major ICOs?