http://dcg.co/who-we-are/#board-members1.
Glenn Hutchins: Former Advisor to President Clinton.
Hutchins sits on the board of The Federal Reserve Bank of New York, where he was reelected as a Class B director for a three-year term ending December 31, 2018.
Vice-Chairman of Brookings Institue.
On advisory board with Ben Bernanke and Hank Paulson.2.
Barry Silbert: CEO of Digital Currency Group, (funded by Mastercard) who is also an Ex investment Banker at Houlihan Lokey.
This is the guy who thought SW2x was a good idea.3.
Lawrence H. Summers: "Board Advisor" "Chief Economist at the World Bank from 1991 to 1993.
In 1993, Summers was appointed Undersecretary for International Affairs of the United States Department of the Treasury under the Clinton Administration.
In 1995, he was promoted to Deputy Secretary of the Treasury under his long-time political mentor Robert Rubin.
In 1999, he succeeded Rubin as Secretary of the Treasury.
While working for the Clinton administration Summers played a leading role in the American response to the 1994 economic crisis in Mexico, the 1997 Asian financial crisis, and the Russian financial crisis.
He was also influential in the American advised privatization of the economies of the post-Soviet states, and in the deregulation of the U.S financial system, including the repeal of the Glass-Steagall Act."
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lawrence_Summers4.
Blythe Masters: "Former executive at JPMorgan Chase.
[1] She is currently the CEO of Digital Asset Holdings,[2] a financial technology firm developing distributed ledger technology for wholesale financial services.
[3] Masters is widely credited as the creator of the credit default swap as a financial instrument.
She is also Chairman of the Governing Board of the Linux Foundation’s open source Hyperledger Project, member of the International Advisory Board of Santander Group, and Advisory Board Member of the US Chamber of Digital Commerce."
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blythe_Masters
where can I buy this sweater?
OP doing a poor job of copying this.Notice how they always try and mirror everything and turn it round.
Gets predictable and boring
Then why were these people pushing for 2X, you dumb fucking chink?
LOL and people think Bitcoin is "decentralized"
Actually is controlled by a well known Cypherpunk.
Retard.
This
Feature not a bug.BTC is being positioned as the one world currency that the elite fags so desperately want.
BTC is their way to think that we came up with the idea all by ourselves.Knowing this HODL bitcoin because it's going to be worth a lot.
They will crash it then scoop it up and then it will rise.
Lightening centralizing the network is what they want.
After BTC becomes the standard, they will have complete control over the world masses.
No more tax evasion, criminals won't be able to live comfortably, etc.