And then I shilled it at 0.09It started making moves and I told everyoneyet again to buy in 0.1 and then once more at 0.15 and now it's 0.16.
What have you got to say for yourselves, anon?
Do the FUCKING research and STOP listening to FUD and /biz/tards that buy LINK at ATH.
If anyone is thinking about buying, I suggest to wait a bit for a small dip, it will bounce back.Entry: 0.15083
JUST FUCK OFFF
Bitcoin Cash is the real BTC
STOP POSITNG THIS UNTIL YOU FIX THE FUCKING TILTS REEEEEEEEEE
Spoke too soon, 90 BTC wall came crashing down.
It's fine this will start to rally soon enuf.Anyone that hasn't bought yet, start accumulating.
This will surpass MC of ETH in a few days.
Trust me.
Anyone still following this thread?Someone just bought 15 BTC in one buy.If anyone gets JUSTed, it's that guy.
And he probably isn't retarded.
So stop the FUD and let the market do what is right.
268 BTC buy came up.Whales playing around, but I expect it to lead to good results.
Stay strong everyone and accumulate on the dips.
Just tell me what to do with with my BTCs that ive bought for 7200.
Bagholding sucks.
sold this the day of the airdrop>hodling 100% btc
Sell.
I'm not joking.The only reason btc is where it was is because of the fork which was cancelled.
what have you got to say for yourselves?Nice, bought 6k at .08!
I am not a finanical advisor and in the end it's your money, not mine.
Current trend for BCH is only up, with a few drops where people are taking minimal profits.
Check the order book.
I think we can get up to 0.2 in a few days.
Ok.
I just FOMoed in with everythigto try and make up for losses.Did I fuck up?
GUYS DONT WORRY :DDD BCH WILL CRASH RIGHT???
RIGHT???
of cit will :) all the retards here keep saying it since 300$ :DD
No sir.
You made a wonder choice.Stop looking at the chart and follow this thread.It will make it more comforting.
You FOMO into BTC and then didn't sell thinking it was going to 10k HahahahagahahaHahahahahahahahahahaha
chance of bittrex crashing from all this volume?
idiot move and didn't spread my bch around to other exchanges.
Very low.Bittrex have improved their servers AFAIKin the last couple of weeks.
Check their twitter
pls stop im already in fetal position lying on the floor

BTC going down to $6350Watch BTC and BCH very closely all.Expect some price action.
Why doesn't blockfolio have binance BCH?
Should I transfer to another exchange?
what's the best exchange for BCH?
Bithumb has the most volume as of now,but I'd recommend Bittrex or Bitfinex (not open to US).
>I told everyone to buyAnd they did.
It's at .15 because of you!
Now all you have to do is sell.Congrats.
BCH is mining at 20 blocks per hour now, huge inflation, we're about to get dumped!
lol nigga the extra mined coin is miniscule compared to the trading volumes, it won't do this.
So they're mining too fast now?You're saying BCH goes up when they mine slow?
Maybe Jihan should shut down mining completely.BCH would reach gold kilo parity.
Let me just say as a value investor that this rapid flip flopping between different flavours of shit really fills me with confidence and optimism about this whole asset class.
shitcoins>assetslel, pure kino tulip bubbles man
I did not sell and won't.Why sell?
I am up already almost 60%.I can ride this out.
I want others to win with me.You're just a dick to be calling that out on me.
lol.. the flippening really is happening.. wtf.
i thought people were jokin g about that shit.. if i see btc break down below 6400 im just gonna all in bch lol.
fuck this and all this manipulation
But the internet informed me that intangible gobbledegook was the new gold, and as we're all aware, everything on the internet is true.
In a couple hours, we are about to take over BTC's 24h Volume!!
We got a long ways to go, but hopefully people are really chiming in and realizing BCH is the one Satoshi proposed.
BCH 0.149 to 0.150 steady...
And now it's tanking.
Told you.
fucklost an extra 10% on my 20% loss
You need to realize Asia is about to wake up in 1-2hrs.
This is perfect for them to accumulate
chill out it's not done
This is now a Mcafee thread
Asia will dump BCH.
Korea has most of the volume... what does this mean???
this means no one gives a shit about this shitcoin except korea, or they are pumping the coin to get rid of their bags
TA ON THIS HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHA
Asia will decide, yes.But I do not think they will dump it.Think about it real carefully.What looks more promising?
Chinese have some influence to that desu,lots of them are banned from their local exchangesso they seek refuge in other exchanges.
Bithumb is one of them.
according to /biz/ there is literally no possible scenario where it makes sense to do TA.
Not even on a market like this with all this volume and not directly related to speculation or news or seminars, etc.no wonder you idiots lose money.
When *is* TA appropriate, if not in a scenario like this?
desu my bad.
I wouldnt even call that TA
crypto markets are heavily manipulated, whales makes the rule, not TA
and that never happens on wallstreetyou guys act like this is some kind of new phenomenom.
It's not.
Consolidating?
whales are accumulating
enjoy this coordinated korean pump, hahaha fucking loosers, never go with the stupid sheeps
Man, I sold at profit, then it went up, I FOMOEd back in at high, then panic sold at overall lossFuck.
To go out of your way to insult others...you must be mentally ill. To assume the nature of something, you must have a one-digit IQ.
I am thoroughly impressed.
/biz/ surprises me with all kinds of people
i agree, my point was : crypto markets are nothing compare to stocks, it's even worst
as long as we're agreeing with each other, 143 means its gone too low for my trend to show
i feel you but i'm running out of oc
You can't apply TA but you can expect as well a move to shake off weak hands right now if it's not over yet.It's slowly going up again.
It's fucking risky gamble with BCC or B2X futures for those who list it.
Satoshi would never stand behind such terrible, scammy leadership that BCH embodies.
i told everyone to buy at $350op btfo i win again
this