F
S to spit on grave
ALL I HAD TO DO WAS BUY BCH WHILE BTC WAS AT THE TOPAAAAAAAA WHYYYYYYYYYY AAAAA MOMMMMYYY MAKE IT STOOOOOOPPP AAAAAAAAA
SSSSSSSSSSSSSS *fart noises* SSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSsssssssssssss
4409101>goes up 2.5k in a few days>goes down $400AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH ITS CRASHING SELL SELL SELL SELL
but it is digital gold it is a store of value :DDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
I'll come back here in an hour to laugh at you
You better pray to Tether again you fucking fraudsters.
You've got a whole weekend of crashing ahead of you mate
SFuck you bitcoin cash I hope you go down to one fucking sat.
muh digital store of high transaction fees
Loose anus much?
44091154409484Look at who got burnt by bch.
Stay mad.Also bigger blocks are not the solution, but I guess you're all way too dumb to understand that.
BCH doubled my money and bigger blocks are a solution
Keke, but yeah.
This.
BCH quadrupled my money and bigger blocks are a necessity if not the final solution.
It's not a solution for (((them))).
If I hate both chinks and jews.
I wish Satoshi would come back.
4409553mb now and 1to down the road.
Nice for a decentralized currency.Bch difficulty is manipulated by miners to make some quick gains while roger and co are also pumping it.
Good on you to have made profit out of that but don't keep the hot potato too long.
math isn't your strong is it?
1gb would already be visa-level
Because btc is all about replacing visa right?
With centralized hubs and all that?
Right guys, right?!
Yes, it is all about replacing current monetary system, no the second part is just awful rubbish you're actually the worst core shill around I will enjoy spitting on Segshit cores carcass of a chain
well yes, being a digital currency is the point of it, read the white paper.
Can someone explain me why the price fluctuates so wildly?
R-roger will p-pump it soon.
R-right?!
?The sooner you cut your bags away the more money you'll have to invest in a legit project.
Bithumb is getting sued, don't think they want to risk another wash trade weekend.
because of flip and demand.Later on it's a game to acquire bigger amount of BTC.
So basically we now buy at around ~0.1 and then just dump at around ~0.15?