*Dies loudly*
BCH is the one true Bitcoin.
BCH is Satoshi's vision.
Your days are numbered core cucks.
Don't worry, we'll be here for another round next weekend.
So how high a number are we talking here?
In the billions maybe?
Enjoy your bags - 7.6 day left...

BTC is death spiraling it's gonna die!>BCH difficulty adjustment will kill BTC right off the bat!>Wait for BTC difficulty to adjust and then it's gonna die!Wonder what the thing we should wait for will be next
Until the next fork/scandal/report and BTC shits its pants againI wish this legacy shitcoin would hurry up and die
I'm kinda hoping BCH goes under $1000 again for some quick easy picking upI'm stocking up on this shit and the price needs to go lower
No rush dude, right now is accumulation time.
If the price goes up too quickly, we won't be able to stock up.
444866344488634448911lmao they've gone full cope modethis is DGB 3.0
Ya dude, people said that at $300.People said that at $600.People said that at $800.Now people are saying it at $1200.
You really don't think BCH will rise again, you really think this is over?It's just getting started.
More and more adoption of BCH means more users, more exchanges, higher price value.
BCH is 3 months old.
Smart people know it's accumulation time.
Thinking in terms of fiat instead of satsNow this is coping.
Especially since you guys keep talking about a flippening, where becoming 1:1 with BTC is all that matters
***Not $1280, I meant $1180But now it's hovering over $1210So again my point is proven
Flippening is fine, I would say it's deserved for the Core team.
Bitcoin is supposed to be decentralized, not controlled by banks and companies.
BCH holds true to these ideals, there's no corporation running BCH, in fact there's different development teams working on their own separate improvements.However I'm not sure if the flippening will happen, either way considering that BCH was at $300 just three weeks ago, and BTC was over $7000, and today BCH is at $1200 while BTC is at $8000, BCH price quadrupled (also meaning increased SATs), while BTC just gained 10%.I'm betting there will be more gains in BCH than BTC, and so far I've already profited quadruple times.
enjoy watching lightning network launch with no segwit
Lightning Network isn't a threat to BCH.
If people really think BTC has value because it remains unchanged, then BCH will possess that advantage by not implementing LN.Now if the community wanted, BCH could also implement LN, if it wanted.
That's the beauty of having an open community not controlled by a single entity banning and censoring its users.So if users think being unchanged is more valuable, BCH can remain that way.
If the community things adapting is more valuable, then BCH can adapt and evolve its tech faster than BTC can.
spouting literal propaganda points put out by centralized mining interests
Miners have their own interests as do the developers, 90% of the miners voted for Segwit2x, Blockstream said no, guess who won?In BCH, the developers, miners, and users all work together, deciding on improvements, not being led one way because one group or entity said so.
90% of the miners voted for Segwit2xClearly not since it didn't actually get through
Well Coinbase says it did go through and will release the coins later.Another source says that it would have failed if it went through because an error in the code
Not selling any BCH under $10000, feels good to have embrace future hindsight senpai.
ignoring that the majority of BTC users were against S2X (based on node count and signaling)
If you aren't trading both in a seesaw pattern during ups and dips.
You should exit crypto and the earth.
Nope.
Not going to trade BCH.
Don't wand to be left holding bags full of shite with no-one to blame but myself.
BCH price is so strong it's not even affected by BTC mooning anymore.
Development teams no one sees>Making changes no one can vet>All based in a country controlled by communist chink oligarchs>Who use wash trading on zero fee Korean exchanges to pump and dump their shitcoin>(((Decentralised)))
lmao you fucking retard have you heard of open source software
Bcash is literally "projection" the coin.
You Cash boys still feeling confident?
Your days are numbered...
That feeling of happiness at 10.77% of the difficulty
Deutsche eMark is more profitable oh fugggg ahhhhhhhhhhhhh watch out btc your days are numberd the miners will be switching to shitcoins now watch out xdddddd
Why is he making that face?
What is the context?
Did someone ask him to mail fireworks again?
You retards have no clue about what a coin is do you?
BCH HAS NO CODE, NONE, PEANUTSThis fuckery does not even exist anywhere but in the cunts mind who marketed it.Go away, avoid tech, you don't know fuck about blockchain.
Time to go back where you belong.But thanks for making litecoin stronger
im not fucking sellfuck you and fuck finex/core
https://github.com/Bitcoin-ABC/bitcoin-abchttps://github.com/bitcoinclassic/bitcoinclassichttps://github.com/bitcoinxt/bitcoinxthttps://github.com/BitcoinUnlimited/BitcoinUnlimited
https://github.com/zquestz/bitcoincashwow.much impressedsuch codevery sourceso contributorsPlease let's be serious.
bcash sucks major D
https://github.com/Bitcoin-ABC/bitcoin-abcYou realize the irony in posting 4 different repositories right?
I wonder how many people here have even read the bcash website...
This is what they tell you about the dev team -"Which Development Team is In Charge of Bitcoin Cash?Unlike the previous situation in Bitcoin, there is no one single development team for Bitcoin Cash.
There are now multiple independent teams of developers.
"That's fucking it, no mention of who they are, no code to review, no fucking nothing lmfao
uh btc being more difficult means btc more profitable to mine
just woke upwtf is this thing doing still stable?I need it to go to 1000
pls be serious>doesn't even realise I posted the wrong repository by accident and that's the repository for the bitcoincash.org website...So you want a centralised development team where they can co-opt to fuck over the market?
What is wrong with this?
Somethings gotta give, this thing has so many bagholders and it's stabilizing.
It's gotta wake up soon, right?
You don't know what a DVCS is do you?Community dev is one thing, but there MUST be an origin, a coordinator, a benevolent dictator.But people here don't know wtf is this about.
nvm.
What a cringey image, jesus.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_uq7iFvMhnoi gotcha covered
Community dev is one thing, but there MUST be an origin, a coordinator, a benevolent dictator.Why?
I think it's you that doesn't understand.
Wouldn't a lower difficulty be more profitable so miners will stick with mining btc?
sAtOsHi's vIsIoN
actually stable and going up a littlewhat did he meant by this?
why people still buy this scam pump and dump coin
"But, but, Satoshi's vision!"
wait guys I thought the miners were mining BTC at a loss over BCH in order to spike the difficulty when it adjusts, why does this say the BTC difficulty will be lower?
conspiracy cashies help

I mean, he has some valid points.
That was made when bch was at 300 hahahaha