A or B, /biz/?
B.
If B happens crypto goes to $1 trillion market cap.
A will happen
I am begging A doesn’t happen
Jesus stocks are so boring.Watching the time line I was expetcing a 1h/1d but it's a 2 years.
T W OF U C K I N GY E A R S
A
A for a bit longer unfortunately.
B will happen at the end of 2018, then we're all millionaires.
So just focus on accumulating for the next year.
At least the JUSTing in crypto is swift.
Stock traders get JUST'd in slow motion.
what coin is this
B is going to happen, but probably not for another 6 months to a year at least.When it does, big money will flow into crypto like we've never seen, and we'll be rich beyond our wildest dreams.
if you think A, you probably were still sucking your mom's tit in '08most ultra rich already have the escape plan done in nz
volatility is fun babbys first exchange
4273089this actually makes a lot of sense.
What im not sure about is that all the money will go to crypto, i do wish it does tho.
I think if it happens before the congressional elections in Nov 2018, Trump could be in big trouble.
KEK
where can i buy KEK coin
And this doesnt mean stock will go down since the central banks could just print money to make them go up, while we suffer ridiculous inflation.
So, good for crypto.
Also the USA and china enter peak workforce in the same year (2018).
So interesting times (the chinese curse) will happen the next year.
anyone else think that that graph looks very similar to the ETH/USD graph?
What im not sure about is that all the money will go to cryptoIt'll go into a combination of precious metals and cryptocurrency.
The dollar/euro/pound/yen will all fall in value because their respective central banks will resort to QE, devaluing them.
Bitcoin and Ethereum are already seen as legitimate investments by both individuals and financial institutions.
We need to focus as a community on furthering that image over the next year to ensure crypto really is a safe haven.But more importantly, there's absolutely no reason for crypto to crash during a recession.
The stock market will crash because companies will make huge losses/revenue will plummet and dividends will be way down or in most cases non-existent.
Interest rates will plummet too as central banks attempt to increase spending, so bonds will be largely worthless.
As I said, currencies will fall because of quantitative easing.Cryptocurrency is immune to all of those things because it's driven by the technology itself.
There are no profits or earnings because they're decentralized entities.
Supply is restricted by the code itself and can't be altered, so there's no central crypto bank issuing more currency.
And obviously rates have no bearing on cryptocurrency.>I think if it happens before the congressional elections in Nov 2018, Trump could be in big trouble.He's screwed either way.
A huge recession is inevitable under him.
I don't care what happens as far as elections go.
The next crash will be a big one and I just want to get rich from it.So interesting times (the chinese curse) will happen the next year.My prediction is China will go tits up, which will trigger a crash in the US economy, some European countries will default.
DJ, S&P etc will all have about 60% sliced off in value.
The student loan bubble will pop at the same time because millennials won't have jobs.
Banks will collapse and the government won't be able to save them this time.
The dollar will be fucked.
But more importantly, there's absolutely no reason for crypto to crash during a recession.
The stock market will crash because companies will make huge losses/revenue will plummet and dividends will be way down or in most cases non-existent.
Interest rates will plummet too as central banks attempt to increase spending, so bonds will be largely worthless.
As I said, currencies will fall because of quantitative easing.Well that's gonnna be horrible.
I dont even know what to do if that happens.
I was planning to buy apartments to rent with my crypto gains next year, i still dont know if that is an stupid plan.
>He's screwed either way.
A huge recession is inevitable under him.
I don't care what happens as far as elections go.
The next crash will be a big one and I just want to get rich from it.Any other advice other than getting cryptos/metals?
>My prediction is China will go tits up, which will trigger a crash in the US economy, some European countries will default.
DJ, S&P etc will all have about 60% sliced off in value.
The student loan bubble will pop at the same time because millennials won't have jobs.
Banks will collapse and the government won't be able to save them this time.
The dollar will be fucked.I just hope we dont have a 1930's style depression.
I live in a higly violent, overpopulated urban area and i dont even want to imaging what would happen here if that were to happen.