When I go to McDonalds and get a Big Mac, what did the CEO of McDonalds do to make that Big Mac a reality?Did he grow the lettuce, tomatoes, and grain required?
No - illegal immigrants paid $2 an hour did that.Did he bake the grain into bread?
No - some minimum wage baker did that.Did he deliver the lettuce, tomatoes, and bread to McDonalds for processing?
No - minimum wage truck drivers did that.
Did he put together the lettuce, tomato, bread, and meat into a single sandwhich?
No - minimum wage McDonalds workers did that.So what does the CEO do exactly?
If the CEO was removed from the picture entirely, would the farmers be unable to grow lettuce and tomatoes?
Would bakers be unable to bake bread?
Would cooks be unable to fry potatoes and chicken tenders?
Would servers be unable to bring food to customers' tables?
kys commie
If all those wagies were smart enough to do it themselves MCD wouldn't exist.
The CEO had an idea, built the company from the bottom up, and is now reaping the fruits of his labors.
Obv.
the CEO decides overall strategy of the company and represents it at shareholder meetings etc.
But yeah I think Piketty, amongst many others, has a lot of data showing that there's no way a CEO has enough effect on a company to warrant the amount they're paid.
cf: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Great_man_theory
If those wagies were smart enough to realize they're being assraped 24/7, the CEO would get strung up on a lampost
Good thing lots of stupid people exist, eh?
The guy who came up with the idea for McDonalds has already been dead for decades.How is coming up with ideas "labor"?
Because a smart person is needed to manage an army of retardsIn the same way that a general doesn't technically fight in the war, because a leader is needed to direct the grunts
Wage slavery is a real thing
people who talk like this are dumb niggers who never had a job.
ceo is massive work, its sink or swi mthose jobs were ceos fuckung tank the place and get massive payouts are reflections of how retarded the company is and a good indication you shouldnt be supporting them.
if you ever watched a ceo do battle on behalf of your company youd realise how fuck out classed and under skilled you are to fill their shoest.
video conferencing engineer.
spent hours supervising high level vc calls for some of the largest corporations in the world and saw ceos earning their paychecks
employees should run a parliamentary-style election to determine a group of leaders and also vote on their pay
mc d's has so many employees world wide such that if the Ceo's salary was divided among them they would get less than $10.
per year.
each.
stfu commie op
That point of yours is irrelevant
My dad's a ceo and he doesn't seem to do anything but travel to shows/events/basketball and football games.
Have dinners and party after the shows and events.
I think the extent of his job, other than entertaining, is to respond to emails.
If you’re not happy with it don’t work/eat at mcdonalds, this is a free society
I love it how no one is actually answering the question.
This.
I fucking hate teenage Marxist faggots.
http://www.lmfgtfy.com/?q=What+does+a+CEO+do%3F
If you don't like it, move.
Open collar, no tie, talks in business cliches while gesticulating with his hands.
Has no fucking clue.
This.
If they fuck up they can put thousands of people's lives in misery.If you fuck up the hamburger at the golden arches, your pimply ass just goes home.They get paid because of the enormous responsibility they shoulder.
Although desu the gap between CEO and basic worker is getting too high I'll give OP that
nope, they still get paid huge sums.
Basic facts you have completely ignored.
First off all the ceo negotiated scaled deals with farmers supply companies refrigeration units etc.
and directs these deals in order to reduce the overhead of a business.
These deals are highly complex and on a large scale much larger than any individual laborer.
He also makes it profitable to produce a burger which is obviously the most important part of a company.
Without the ceo they may all have the skills necessary to do all of those things that everyone else could do, they just wouldn’t have the field to grow the tomatoes the bread to bake the meat to cook with, the refrigerators to store shit in, the fucking building to cook in.
And you can forget about expanding to employ other people and provide the food service for other people.
Your ignorant understanding of a ceos role in a market economy does not delegitimize the ceos role in a market economy or any economy.
minimum wage truck driversKek
The CEO is a parasite who does nothingwater is wetmore news at eleven
Also if they fuck up the board collectively shits it's pants and stock prices plummet, which hurts the company too.
If they fuck up they can put thousands of people's lives in misery.If a prole fuck up it puts the lives of him and his family in misery - not the lives of thousands of other people unrelated to the decision he made.
a ceos pay doesnt correlate much with performanceits all politics, a ceo negotiates his pay from the board, not the employees nor shareholders.
You don't have to eat at McDonalds.
This thread is fucking retarded.
fucking faggot do you think is easy to build a company from nothing?
do you think you dont need to put a initial investment like your life on the line to make this company started?dont you think you need connections, suppliers, make deals, buy/lease offices/shops, equipment etc?
do you fucking think the illegal immigrant start growing fucking lettuce out of nowhere to make a fucking burger to sell where?
where the fucking illegal immigrants get the rest of the burger from when they are fucking illegal and cant speak the language?
gtfo from my board you poor commie faggot
the ceo single-handedly did all the work of the Supply Chain and Finance Departmentso i am laffin
This is how you end up with countries where millions starve to death.
So what does the CEO do exactly?
If the CEO was removed from the picture entirely, would the farmers be unable to grow lettuce and tomatoes?
Would bakers be unable to bake bread?
Would cooks be unable to fry potatoes and chicken tenders?
Would servers be unable to bring food to customers' tables?no to all, because they wouldn't have jobs
or they wouldn't sign a mutually agreed contract to exchange labor for a certain amount of money
If you don't like it, move.Correction.
If you don't like it vote for a representstive who doesn't like it either.
They would if they are strapped for cash which most people are.