I told my dad about bitcoin he answered me that he knew about it.There's more he told me that he wanted to invest 4k USD back in 2009.Well, we could be billionaires... Now he is making his own business in coal industry but still believes bitcoin is a bubble.100% not a larp true story
Say he would have invested 4k back then.
He would of sold the same month.
this.
of all the early investors from back 2009 and 2010, im sure that just a very small minority are still holding all their investment today.
people want quick cash, start living rich life naow!they cant wait for the good stuff.
beginning of 2011 here.
have nothing to show for it.
thats not it.
At tat time no one could have imagined prices like today.
bitcoin was just an idea supported by a Small amount of people.
and ofc they were worth nearly nothing
missed a couple of opportunities myself...i almost wanted to try out bitcoin mining back in 2010, but i decided not to because it seemed like useless nerd bullshit.
back in 2015 i wanted to order some drugs and i could save 30% on my order if i used bitcoin as payment option, but it seemed too much of a hassle, so i paid with my creditcard...FINALLY this year when i wanted to order the same stuff i gave in and bought bitcoin, then of course i noticed the absurd price increase and quickly started investing.really a shame that it took me so long.
still believes bitcoin is a bubbleNobody knows when this madness will end.The only thing we do know is that financial manias have come and gone for hundreds of years and they always end the same way.
yeah had some opportunities back in 2014 I think wanted to hop into LTC when it was about 10 to 5 usd and monero when it was about one dollar.
in 2009 maybe, but in 2011-2012 i was definitely imagining bitcoin at these prices.
All it needed was this one thing called worldwide validation.
Waiting for that and trusting it will come is hard, even though everything is fundamentally on its side.
Now here we are sitting at around 8k, who is able to imagine 1 million?
and even the could be laughed at in the future.