Next etherdelta easy 5x coin.
Will yu listen this time??
I told you at 12 cents and nobody cared, I was accused of beeing a bagholder.
It was at 0.25$ and it's back to 0.20 atm.
Reaching 1$ is really the minimum.
It's just beeing discored, trading volume is low but its getting more fast.
INFO:31 Million total supply, 5 million marketcap, 0.20$ per HBT on ED0.50$ per HBT ICO PricePartnership(copied from their blog):Grupo PRISA—world’s leading Spanish and Portuguese-language media group.OmiseGO—fully public and decentralized payment and exchange platform.TCL/Alcatel/Hawk—top-10 global mobile phone manufacturer selling products in over 160 countries.I don't think what more you could ask for, undervalued as fuck.
1$ per HBT is(31 million marketcap) is very easy to reach and could happen very fast as soon as it reaches a big exchange.
Only on ED right now, accumulate faggots while you can.
They are independently using Omise Go's technology.
There is NO partnership between them.
Omise Go has not acknowledged their existence.
Sorry you bought a shit coin.
UKG
https://unikoingold.com/
unikoingoldWhere do you got that independently from?
They met with omg team,.
Even without OMG, the otehr partnerships are more important, also the fact they have 50 Million customers.
wrong quote.
was for this fag:
Their medium post.
Post proof of the "partnership"
it's obnoxious the way you street shitting pajeets say faggot like it gives your shilling credibility.
it's obvious you don't mean it, you just say it because you think it's how things work around here.
Tfw OP gives info on a coin that doesn't even need shilling because it will explode when normies use it through a platform that already exists that will be modified to include blockchain tech with hubii tokens as the smart contract.Biz doesn't deserve to know, OP.
They won't even skimread 1/10th of a whitepaper before making a thread their designated shitting thread.No reason to make more of these threads.
This ^
You forgot to mention Floyd Mayweather supports it
Yea I won't.
To much effort for this noobs.4372487Wow.
I am giving you info about a good opportunity, your arguments are "lol the way you say fag is wrong" and "but an idiot supports it"I don't know why they should lie.
It's a legit team, Hubii is a working company, I doubt they would announce wrong shit.This coin has more going for it and is rank fucking 335 But do whatever
OMG has acknowledged their existence.
Unless, of course, you think it's a lie.“We are pleased Hubii Network will be using OmiseGO’s innovations in scalable smart contracts to solve the issues around micro-payments.
We believe the OmiseGO fully public network and decentralized payment platform will bring an unprecedented level of financial freedom to the content industry,” says Vansa Chatikavanij, Managing Director, OmiseGO.
thanks, I was sure I read that quote somewhere but couldn't find it
ETHERDELTA seems so complicated..can't even figure out how to use or buythey seem to have hundreds of coins to choose from