the difficulty adjustment doesn't matter anymoreall miners will be moving to bitcoin cash as Jihan plannedhttps://pastebin.com/n0aGBMQr
I'm actually furious.
Some chink asshole is going to fuck over the biggest player in this market and everyone just bends to his whim.
thisbitcoin died the second chinks got into the game
too late to jump in?
will it break 2000 now?
what is bitcoin cash and why is it mooning?
Bitcoin cash is the true bitcoin.
attilafx just tweeted he bought this around $320 and just sold some.
4310916And more people refusing to blame blockstream and the core community for refusing a scaling solution.
You're wrong anon, it's at $1880 now.https://bittrex.com/Market/Index?MarketName=USDT-BCC
I sold all the alts and btc 2 days ago and bought this, i feel sick to my fucking stomach that this is happening.
Being so cucked by the chinkjews and sucking all this ricedick.I just eant all this btc bch shit to end so ican go back to reading whitepapers and making informed investments in crypto start ups.
FUCK CHINKS FOR WANTING TO SCALE BITCOIN AM I RIGHT??????
a coin controlled by chinks
it doesn't matter who sells shit at what price if bitcoin cannot process any transactions in the next 2 weeks
If you don’t buy bitcoin cash now your missing out on cheap bitcoin you WILL never see bitcoin under 2k again screen cap
But it isn't.
It's an altcoin created to mimic the "original vision" of a guy nobody actually knows.
Bitcoin Classic was the fork by inaction.
Bitcoin Cash is the One True Bitcoin.
Nope it's bitcoin and following bitcoins whitepaper.
Segshit is changing the bitcoin whitepaper because it no longer remotely resembles it.
2000+ ON BITTREX
but this is just a pump right.. it will fall?
so be ready to jump?
or now that it's crossed 2k its up there and going up for good?
Why is bittrex always fomo fag central jesus christ.
YOU DIDN'T BELIEVE IT2000!!!!
4311000it's called FLIPPENINGthis won't stop until BTC goes down to 0
It must have just been some whale with his bitcoin stuck on bittrex there's no way people were paying a 30-40% premium.
guy
There was and still is no immediate requirement for btc to fork.
Its needed, but it has plenty of time to find a better solution.
Anyone moving funds via BTC is a retard when eth/ltc exist.
BCH was an opportunity for Jihan to shift more power into his hands by forcing the narrative that immediate action was required, when in reality half the transactions on the bitcoin network are Jihanians' micro satoshi spam.
Its a new attack vector and a genius power play by desperate miners that dont want to lose their precious asicboost.
Yea Binance didn't go above 1800 at all
SUB 6000 BTC
Just converted every single satoshi I had to bitcoin cash.
The flippening is real, you better believe it bro's.
Bitcoin Cash will profitable for another week so bitcoin will continue to fall and cause a chain death spiral while more and more people continue to sell.Soon Bitcoin Cash will be Bitcoin.
Don't be stuck holding bags, do the smart thing and switch.You will already loose time sending your bitcoin to the exchange, and this panic will continue to cause bitcoin to drop further and further.
Holy shit we are about to cross the 6 hour average which will trigger a bunch of TA sell orders.
6000 will be fine
who else/JUST'D/right now?
im still in a loss for wordsdidn't even lose anything, i just lot potential profiti cant comprehend what just happenedi think i had a bigger chance hitting a 100btc wallet on directory.io that what just happened to me/JUST'D/
bitcoin cash is a fork, not an "altcoin"they plan to scale on chain with is 100% closer to the original white paper.
Enjoy your segwitcoin.Bitcoin is a store of value because of it's usefulness.
It isn't useful because it is a store of value.
Anyone that doesn't know the difference between loose and lose should not be giving any sort of advice to anybody
the pussy is loose
The most insane candle of all timeWelcome to cryptoWe will be back to .5 in a couple of days
Really you fuck?
Cause the chance of that happening is without exaggeration 0.000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000001%So what the fuck just happened to you that's less likely than that?
So what the fuck just happened>the fuck just happened>just happenedJUST
This guy gets it.
No.Bitcoin is useful because it is a store of value.
Alt coins exist as a layer on top of Bitcoin - they are rendered useful by Bitcoin being a store of value.
Coincidence of wants, you dummy.
4311015Probably pumped up with fake tethers.They can create as many as they want and can buy as much as they want for free as long as people will accept tethers.
its like these jews don't understand that without fucking bitcoin, no one would be buying alt shit coins.
no one would be reading white papers.
there would be a few startups and most people would eye them with distance, just like we did when bitcoin started coming around.
bitcoin is the only useful part of the eco system because storing value is all the system is fully capable of for at least another year.the only part of the eco system that isn't a scam is being sidelined by a scam
This.
If the flippening happens (Devil Whales wont let it, but suppose), then it will happen when BTC tanks big.
Then BTC will keep on tanking.1BCC may be worth 2BTC, but 1BTC will be below 1000$.After this, the entire ecosystem will collapse, there will be no trust in the system, and blockchain tech will be decoupled from all markets.
btc has fuckhueg fees>There was and still is no immediate requirement for btc to fork.
Or...Bitcoin Cash replaces bitcoin as the "new and improved version" it's the same fucking coin retards.