>The IRS Is Puzzled: Why Out Of 500,000 Coinbase Users, Only 900 Reported Gains Or Losseshttp://www.zerohedge.com/news/2017-11-13/irs-puzzled-why-out-500000-coinbase-users-only-900-reported-gains-or-losses
The IRS is puzzeled that all the bad goys have woke up and refuse to fund IsraelTop kek
Only 900 people made it
who do you think keeps asking you to post your btc address
Because we're not going to pay taxes you dirty kikes.Plus, you wouldn't want me to report my losses.
I'd never have to pay taxes again.
unironically I hope this happens.burgers give you back up to $3000 in losses, so the psychological burden of having to go through so many cases and hand back so many people such and such amounts of money during a bear market will make them give this shit up altogether.this was what bcc was all about, protecting us from unfair taxes.
how do you think coinbase works?
wait..
I thought when you sell back to fiat on coinbase, and it goes to your bank account, the fee counts as tax deductible?This is true right?
guys?
/biz/ is fucking going to jail lmao
I've never cashed out a gain for one thing
The IRS says you owe taxes on trades between different cryptos though.
hehe yes, post your btc address please
I can't believe how many people don't know this.
4367957I keep hearing conflicting info on this so I really don't know
2018 is gonna be a shitstorm.
In a group thread someone just said: “just got an interesting call from my bank manager that said they can no longer allow me to make transactions to digital currency(coinbase).
i must halt all monies going to any digital currency such as bitcoin.
i told her coinbase is not bitcoin so what are you talking about.
long conversation that i told her i as an american citizen have the right to use my bank account for what i want.”
only 900 people on green
If that's the case the exchange should provide you with a yearly report
murrican tax bear quite agressive, country is broke
kek
dont give a shitill never make it so i dont care
Considering the overwhelming majority of cryptos can't be bought via fiat, I just don't see this as feasible.
If you're buying anything other than BTC, ETH, or LTC, you MUST use one of those three to "trade" for the altcoin you want.
It isn't feasible.
You are still expected to do it.
>paying taxes lmaoWorst case scenario you go to jail, free food, free bed, can play chess and lift weights all day, basically a tax subsidized NEETHow stupid is that?
You don't pay taxes so the government spends even more taxes on supporting you
There's no conflicting info.
There's just people that know the law about property trades and how you have to calculate the fair market value of each transaction and USD, and people that just don't know.
Jamal wants to fight you because you looked at him>Jamal knocks you out>Jamal takes your ass>Become a sex slave for Jamal's gang>Never respected>Get all your commissary stolen
Out Of 500,000 Coinbase Users, Only 900 Reported Gains Or Lossescoinbase is going to sell you out in a heartbeat to the IRS once the audit begins.
i mean they dont put you in the same prison as murders and rapist.
I think they doTax evasion is a serious felony and they WILL fuck you.
They've caught far smarter people than anyone on /biz/.
Kek i been using cn since 201e and used it to cash out at least 50 times
4368590federal prison isnt where jamal goes.
jamal is in county prison.
plus the irs usually wont jail you, they will either send you a bill for what you owe or audit you then bill you and fine you.
put all money in crypto>get sentenced to jail>come out in 10 years>your coins mooned>have millions>already went to jail so double jeopardy protects you
They'll have to create a new kind of prison for us.
I'd be OK with it.
I'd rather do that than have a job.
implying there are more intelligent people than there are on /biz/Nigga please, this board is the epitome of wisdom
I don't see how they could regulate anything other then when you cash out.
I buy btc, ltc, eth from fiat via different exchanges, put them in different wallets, trade them back to other exchanes to trade for alts, move them and trade them back and forth..If I get a call from the government I could just tell them that I was a shit trader and lost everything, or that I got hacked, how the fuck would they know if my initial 5k became 200k or 20$?
Nope
White collar criminals get put into minimum security prisons Basically like a summer camp
2017>pays taxesWere you bullied in school, retarded or perhaps both?>You could go to jail for not paying taxes!Yes, and?
Was life a competition about who stays out of jail the longest?>B-but jail is scary!No it isn't.
You get free food, free bed, can play chess and lift weights all day, basically a tax subsidized NEET.
How could anyone defend this, jesus christ.Amerimutts really are subhuman
federal "pound-me-in-the-ass" prison boyo
KHAZAR MILKERS
> be me> buy Monero> sleep like a baby> taxes .... lol
I've been trying to tell ya'llbuy high sell low buy btc at high, trade into altscash out btc at low into checking accountsorry irs i lost my monies not gainsneed to claim 3k in losses on my taxes
Monero>Privateenjoy getting de-mixed by the feds one daybtw, there is no statute of limitations on tax evasion
holy shit...
No point if you don't keep it there, or if you're small time like me.
BCH died for our taxes
thinks an audit wont include your exchanges.
Just give them a screen shot of your bitcoin wallet, tell them you were hodling
Implying the Monero team won't make sure that cannot happenThis is wonderful news for Monero topkek.
Once multisig or a ledger is out oh boooooy.
One big fucking moon.
Exchanges should care what the IRS is sayingPlease stop thinking burgers are the center of the world.
Most exchanges are outside the US.