So any clues so far about what Eggman's pick for November is gonna be?
He's got a shitload of new dumb boomer money on board from this new round of signups, I wouldn't be surprised if whatever he picks goes 5x or better this time around (zencash was 4x overnight).
you should probably stop giving this fat bald faggot more money
whatever it is.
i do not care.
and im not fucking buying it.him and bittrex and richiela can keep scamming retard normies, but im done.
last time i barely got out even and i knew it was zen AGAIN before most people.
shit pumped and dumped in 10 seconds flat
a pajeet is still a pajeet despite being in a suit, he showed his true colors with that last webinar, stay away.
Rumor is that it's Ripple again.
It's on track to reach .20 cents by EOY
SolarCoin would be my guess, not invested in it though because PBC is a PnD newsletter.
He'll pump Factom again.
Exactly like the zen pump.
He's going to have a big analysis on it.But that's not all.
For new listeners he'll have a special, limited time offer where for zero dollars, that's right, zero dollars he will reveal another coin with huge potential.
You do understand this faggot is banned from trading securities for being a scammer?
Oh, wait.
That is right up Biz' alley.
Pic related.
Oh yeah.
He got fired from 15 companies in 9 years.
rumours are that POWR is being added onto bittrex next week.
a potential candidate for his next shill
That smells like bullshit.
The zen pump took 2 hours to head from .002 to .005, plenty of time to jump on and back off and still take a hefty profit.
Fuck, even if you didn't jump off at the top of the pump you still had days to sell at +50-100%.
What day is Teeka day?
I need to boost my plebfolio.
That egghead was at devcon3.
I saw him take notes when sergey spoke.
Lol.
All I had to say was scammer, and Biz ears perked up.
wat a role model.
Someone in the Asien whales vip channel mentioned ark
I don't really give a shit if he scams or not.
All I care is if I can piece out what his pump will be, get in while the getting's good, and then get out before the getting goes bad.
Historically he's always given little clues (accidental or not) about what it's going to be.Riding pumps is a great way to multiply wealth, just go in big, get in early, and set your take gains low (20-30% is the max I would do).
Underrated comment, maybe shill.
ark...anon...
implying anyone on /biz/ ever leaves their room for anything other than shitting and picking up the platter of tendies mom left outside your door