/8 - Cancel segwit 2x/13 - BCH DAA HF/16 - Fork(Fake??)
"Segwitt 2x"/24 - Slush joins BCH/25 - Operation dragonslayer/1 - Segwit compatible ASIC boost/1 - Coinbase + BCH/1 - BTC = BCH
where did this come from?
It's in the background of a Youtube video posted on around November 9th discussing BTC vs BCH, this is the origin of Operation Dragonslayer
Shit, my bad.
I mean it was posted before 11/8.
This whiteboard also correctly predicted the cancellation of Segwit2x
Post a link to this so we can see it.
Anyone can write this shit on a whiteboard.
It seems a little too generic also but please prove me wrong and I'm moving all my shit back into BCH for round 2.
There is institutional money in BTC, bcash is not taking it down, it's just an altcoin, and this is silly larp.
Get real.
>making major financial decisions with your hard earned money because of some scuffed image of a whiteboard that anyone can do
I can smell the fear and taste the sweat of terror in this post.
Delicious.
t. increasingly nervous corecuck
he fell for the institutional money meme
You know Operation Dragonslayer actually has nothing to do with the BTC/BCH war, right?It's literally fucking over Bitmain which is run by Jihan (who's also the biggest supporter of BCH but that's largely irrelevant)
WHAT VIDEO IS THIS FROM?
can someone link it?
Otherwise it doesn't mean jack shit
He actually believes institutional money is going to be continuing to be buying at ATH'sThe absolute state of corecucks
There really isn't.
Institutional money is only just starting NOW to slowly come in and they are in no way forced to commit to Core as 'the' Bitcoin.
You think institutional money is going to give a fuck what the early adopter/smart money small fry think or their desire for 'decentralization' and freedom from banks etc?
They won't give a fuck and if they decide BCH is Bitcoin then BCH will be Bitcoin.
It sounds like a desperate attempt for those who bought at 0,42 to dump the bags.Just remember that someone bought a Chink scamcoin over 0,4 BTC.Would be fun do dump again on retards.
GUYS found the video from OP.
This shit was 2 weeks ago....https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Dvi9EGD6jQ&feature=youtu.be&t=3mIt's about to happen again.
Not saying bitcoin is about tou get taken down but there's going to be some sweet gains if you get into BCH within the next few days.
Don't wait till it's over to pull out though.
Im in as in just bought 9 bch I hope this is real
Holy shit is Slush confirmed to join BCH?
That is huge fucking news if so.
Blockstream bitches eat your goddamn heart out.
Corecuck shill reporting in.
Just switched sides.
Went all in at $1295 an hour and a half ago.
Why would Dragonslayer work...Where segwit2x, which had massive miner support, failed?
Confirmed to be real.
Holy shit guys, I just withdrew another 30k fiat from my bank and will put it all on BCH.
This weekend will be so crazy I cant fucking wait
Another Corecuck Traitor coming onboard.
Dont hang me Bro.
Wtf how do you have the full picture??
Who is that guy?
Link the video
This.
What does this mean?We are all speculating.
This fake meme term of (((institutional money))) can move just as quickly as we can
no it didn't.
the fork was cancelled on the 9th, nothing happened on the 16th
Still, it predicted that it would happen kek
They cancelled it
This is the best koolaid you've got?
It says fake segwitt not fork - they cancelled the fork :)
no, it didnt.
nothing at all on that board implies cancellation.
You're literally looking at a bunch of fat ugly whities thinking they're insiders.
And who is this guy?I mean, is he friends with Jihan or what?
4508547Whale accumulation just started again.
He accumulated Literally millions last night at $1301.
He is now accumulating at $1328
the prophecy is being fulfilled
whale accumulation happened at $300.
Saw 23 mil go in to an addy last night, mong.
WOW
So y'all saying BCH is a good investment rn?
It's okay dude.
This isn't about loyalty.
This is about making some fucking money.
whales have more than that
My 92 bch cant wait to be worth 200k
Streamed live on Nov 12, 2017/8 - Cancel segwit 2xWhich is worse than a fail
Perfect, just after the difficulty retarget.
Once BTC is in a freefall miners will pull out and block time will temporarily spike, not to mention transaction fees are going to be through the roof.
It's all a chain reaction.Personally I'm more on the XMR side than BCH, but we're all on the same team here.
as long as you sell before it all gets dumped in 1 second, sure
Made 10% in Monero last night, but just pulled that to add to my BCH play.
was it autism?
Ok this is hiliarious.>TA says to sell your btc today/tomorrow (its on a TD 9)>FUD: people are withdrawing there btc from the exchange with most volume.
no volume = no price rise>Miners shifting to BCH....btc may go up to 8.5k but its dropping to correct after that.
All of these will turn out to be "muhs".
Dragonslayer won't work1.
All miners leave BTC2.
No one mining BTC3.
All gains go to the first person to fire up their GPU4.
Miners have to dash back or miss outIt takes on anon and a GPU to bring this 'dragonfarter' to its knees
This isn't your Grandfathers Commodore 64, Anon.
4509053Look, I know no one cares about facts anymore and this is a shill thread so I'm not welcome here but>Streamed live on Nov 12, 2017Can you at least have the decency to leave the dates out of it and then act like these people in the video are some sort of insiders?Anyway, back to what you're doing I guess,  whoa totally realistic.
mining btc with a gpu won't even pay for your electric bill
They just leaked the fake plans to make you look one way while they pull it off doing something in other direction.
BTC is nothing to them but short term profits.
there'll be a single 6510 mining one dragonthroater startsPls into game theory.
And into history bc you'll be on the wrong side of ittransaction fees goes up bc chain is slow>electricity bill status: paidAny questions?
2.
No one mining BTC.
All gains go to the first person to fire up their GPUSomebody actually made this fucking post
That you couldn't contradict the principle stated has been duly notedFight me cashies.
Fill in your NoK cards first
That which is asserted without evidence, can be dismissed without evidence.
transaction fees goes up bc chain is slow>electricity bill status: paidAny questions?you'll die of old age before a single gpu ever mines a block
For what do you wish evidence, grasshopper?
Pink wojacks incoming.
With the block reward currently at $116,960.91 USD, there will be substantially more than a single GPU on the case.Dragongayer has failed already
if dragon slayer work the block reward falls faster than the difficultythat is the dreaded chain death spiral
Dude you are so retardedThey plan to attack dragonmint because they released today a miner that destroyed bitmain dominant position in marketJihan got btfo and this weekend final attack is cancelled With this new player right now is impossible to kill btc with a death spiral attackJihan and ver lost
Break even if you're extremely lucky.
What do you think happens to the reward when BTC gets dumped to 3-4k to start things off?
4510660The block reward is less important than the transactions fees which go up to and beyond the block rewards in compensationVICTORY: BTCThis is /biz/!
Pink wojacks incoming is axiomatic.VICTORY: BTC
dragon slayer is in reference to getting rid of the dragon's den.
the group that is actually in control of bitcoin
Pretty sure dragonslayer is an inadvertent reference to ANOTHER attach completely botched before it startedhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hooKVstzbz0
45088664510170Lets say Operation Dragon Slayer occurs and the Miners switch to BCH, What is incentivizing miners to Stay on the BCH blockchain?
Why wouldnt they switch back to collect the massive fees after the network is clogged?What is Hashing Power?
>What are Block Confirmation Times?>What is Mining Difficulty?
Holy fuck!
You talk to Jihan and Ver IRL?
You guys buds?
You're so neato!
What is Hashing Power?
>What are Block Confirmation Times?>What is Mining Difficulty?All balanced by fees, which (for transactions immediately, blocks much later) rise in compensation until a miner breaks rank and collects the lot.VICTORY: BTC
Are you top retarded or whatThey tried to create their own coin and steal everything to make dragonsmint tech useless, but they failed.
Right now jihan is crying on his fucking room because in 7 month his assets will be highly deprecatedBut hey, that's what you get for blocking progress and manipulate markets through asic miners production instead of investing in I+D
> There are people here who will get massively dumped on by Korean PnD'er for a fucking 5th time by the same shitcoinNever change, /biz/
average core supporter IQthis settles it, just went all-in on BCH
I have no argument left except to literally and consciously JUST myselfYES!!
You have it mixed up....Miners mine BCash, raise the price, then switch back to mining BTC after the tx fees moon.
they then dump their BCcash for BTC leaving traders with their bags to hold.
BCash needs to be seen for what it is, a miners P&D tool.
The only ones that lose are the evangelists.
Right now jihan is crying on his fucking room because in 7 month his assets will be highly deprecatedShipping begins in March 2018.
Bitcoin is dead by then.
That sounds very much like it would end status quo ante bellum.
Further, I would suggest it would get harder and harder to keep such collusion among miners going: at each attempt the market reacts with much more "meh" bc they know things will shortly be back to normal.
And if I was a miner, for $100k per reward block you bet your sweet ass I'll mine the BTC chain but report a matching block empty and send the real match to an side ho machine which collects 100% of the green as an "independent".I *am* interested in this idea it's all about miners fucking over some other miners, not directly about btc vs bch at all.
What gives there?
Are we waiting 2.5 days for the hash difficulty to cross or are we going to see more pump action on bch tonight?
oh agreed, but if what others like  are saying is true, then this "war" it's about jihan wu and roger ver hedging themselves vs dragonmint, I've found some sources on dragonmint here:https://bitcoi nist.
com/halongs-dragonmint-bitcoin-miner-set-to-shatter-bitmains-mining-monopoly/I only have $500 in crypto because im poor, unemployed (but looking, live in a third world country, and have an autistic brother, a deadbeat father and a stressed out mother) but im determined to make something out of myself dammit.
Spread out my "meager portfolio" over XMR, BTC, BCH and LTC and hodling for the next 2 days.
These fucks wont drag the intelligent anons into their bullshit.
Bitcoin has been around for 8 years and big institutions are interested in it.BCH has been around for ten minutes and is run by a bunch of crooks; the big institutions are NOT interested in it.
(I work in geopolitical analysis at Goldman Sachs)
Thanks muchly for that link - I wasn't aware of that ... competitionIKTF about being responsible.
One way or another eight adults rely on me though it sounds their conditions will give you a much harder time than mine do to me.
And you know what?
Not one of them will think to say thank you when you'd like to hear it.
So, brother - for what you do for them: Thank you.May your ups and downs be in bed.
Bon chance!
I work at Nintendo.
Buy BCH.
He didn't bother to spell it out because your scenario was so ridiculous it didn't deserve it.
I on the other hand am merciful.
What you said is like saying that if your rocket ran out of fuel half way to orbit.
It wouldn't crash because the crew would be incentivised to go outside and flap their arms really fast.
The difficulty is akin to altitude, and it requires s certain degree of hash power to have any chance at all of mining blocks given a certain difficulty.
At this difficulty a pack of ignorant kids like you firing up their gpu would really be likely less effective than going out on the fuselage and flapping your arms really fast.
Just accept it.
If the miners stop mining btc, it's doomed.
Existing miners will refuse to mine a block for the current $100k>They will refuse again at $200k>And $300k>Also $2million kCan you touch your chin to your chest?
Just try it, and keep it there.
That's right, you SHOULD be ashamed of your argumentand would have done better not posting at all VICTORY: BTC
At least you changed your argument away from going out on the fuselage and flapping your arms around I guess.
Miners will refuse to mine anything that results in them making less than they would if they were mining something else with a better return.
They can only mine one thing at one time, that's the entire point of proof of work that makes the system actually work.
They're not going to mine a 50k block when they could be mining a 100k block.
And that's the strategic nexus of the speculated attack.
Well shits getting eaten up at 1300...
MOON IMMINENT
I admit the GPU understated the solution for comedic effect :-)They WILL mine a 50k block if they are three times more likely to hit it than mining for a 100k block.
And they are more likely to hit it with fewer competitors around.
How much more likely remains to be seen, but it's not (just) about the raw value of the block reward and transfer fees.
Stop shitposting Edward, we need the report in five hours.
Fees are paid in Satoshis.
Now, think really really hard about this.
What happens to those reward values if the price of BTC plummets?
>operation dragonslayer
No.
The value of a block is the difficulty in mining it vs the price of the reward and fees included in doing so which are rewarded to the miner.If the price of BTC decreases by 50% and the difficulty remains constant, blocks are 50% less valuable.If there's a profitability equilibrium between BTC and BCH given present difficulty and price levels, and the price of BCH rises by 50%, BTC blocks are 50% less valuable by comparison.If both of these things happen at the same time, BTC blocks can be 100% less profitable by comparison.If the numbers get worse, the margins get worse.As the numbers get worse and have the natural effect, they result in degradation of the performance of the BTC network, which in turn results in an the numbers trending away from the profitability of mining BTC.There's no getting around this.
It's a simple and indisputable fact; BTC lives or dies by the mercy of BCH, end of story.
If BCH wants BTC dead all it has to do is spike that profitability metric, and it can do that easily given the relative market caps of the products and the volume necessary to move the price significantly.If you don’t believe me or don’t get it, I don’t have time to try to convince you, sorry.
macafee, pls marry me
There are block rewards that go down as you say; there are transaction fees that go up as people pay more to get their transaction recorded.
That you don't know this means you should fuck off back to AOL where you'll find  more people at your level
And you have also failed to account for transaction fees going up by more than the block reward has fallen.
If you can't be bothered to understand what's going on, what are you doing here?
Transaction fees reduce in accordance with the exact same logic used that reduces the rest of the block, even as people bid more desperately for inclusion in the chain that is slowly fading with their depreciating weimar BTC.You're just plain wrong.
Sorry.
People "desperate for inclusion" will set their fees higher, not lower.
Unless ... you ACTUALLY believe people can't do that?
No.
I refuse to believe you are that clinically dense.Block reward down, transaction fees up, miners in, chain gets a movingVICTORY: BTCVANQUISHED: (You)
Simple logical persuasion is obviously ineffective on you, so let us try a sledgehammer level analogy in order to assist you to fully grasp the futility of your argument.Suck my dick.
I'll give you a hundred million Zimbabwean dollars for it.No?
How about a hundred trillion?Still not gagging for it?Well, christ you fuckin prude how many trillion Zimbabwean dollars do I have to pay you to get you to throat my ball snot?Would the answer per chance be perhaps "None, because that currency is worth absolute shit, and no matter how much you bid with it, it doesn't make a difference?"Right.
Now how much less valuable is a currency that is completely unable to be transacted in at all for all eternity period?Are you getting it yet or are you really just this fucking idiotic?
It would be completely economically rational for the largest BTC holder at this time to pay his entire stack less a single satoshi just so he could cash out to something in which it is possible to transact on that last block, and that figure may well be a few dollar transaction fee given the circumstances of the scenario at the time.
"None, because that currency is worth absolute shit, and no matter how much you bid with it, it doesn't make a difference?
"Your logical fallacy is Truth by Assertion.
You have failed to show the currency is worth shit when it currently trades for $8200 (jelly much?)
you have failed to articulate why replacing block rewards with transaction fees somehow and magically means miners won't be interested in it, and you have failed to justify your position that a chain with transactions, blocks and miners will nevertheless just stop dead.Work on causality and logic for your next post.
And please - please use that same causality and logic in your trading.
Take your bags to the mooon!
Just finished my Critical Thinking & Logic college course, good shit on calling that guy out.
Most people are sheep to people's opinions on here.
currently trades for $8200It's currently possible to actually transact in it you useless sack of shit.
The situation under discussion is one where that is rapidly becoming not the case.
> and you have failed to justify your position that a chain with transactions, blocks and miners will nevertheless just stop dead.It won't have blocks, because it won't have miners, and not having blocks, it will not have transactions.> Work on causality and logic for your next post.Just because you are blind does not mean that there is nothing to see.
4513249I need you both to know, I live for this shit.
Please keep posting and do your due diligence to one another to try and logically flame the other as hard as possible.
fuck BCH and BTC -- XMR BBY.
It's currently possible to actually transact in it Could you ring the NY Times up and let them know this observation?>you useless sack of shit.My use today is patiently teaching your ign'nt ass.
That has use to me, I'm uninterested in its use to you>The situation under discussion is one where that is rapidly becoming not the case.
Except number transactions https://blockchain.info/charts/n-transactions has never been higher.
Are your glasses on upside down?>because it won't have minersMore Truth by Assertion.
Why won't there be one miner, anywhere in the world, prepared to mine a block for $110k - 10% above the current reward?
You don't answer because you know your position is preposterous and untenable.
You should go into politics.
As an intern like Monica Lewinsky and for the same reason.
I aim to please.
I used to do this all day long on Usenet - pricking the inflated egos of those whose capacity to comprehend is far exceeded by battles they dare take in is a joy to me :-D
obviously you know nothing about mining.
I suggest you educate yourself before shitting up the board
Anything you say about "now" vs the situation under discussion as if it proves anything at all will just be silently blackholed, as you've made it clear you're simply too brainlet to grasp the distinction between two different scenarios at two different times.> Why won't there be one miner, anywhere in the world, prepared to mine a block for $110k - 10% above the current reward?
"One miner" would not do it.
You would need to actually be able to have a chance of mining a block in something approaching a reasonable timescale.
We observed at the last occurrence of something similar to this for an extremely brief period on November 13, that 80% of miners followed profitability and mined BCH, while 20% remained ideologically mining BTC.
This resulted in a massive price drop, at the same time as BTC throughput being reduced to 20%.
And that was a matter of days vs the scenario in this situation which would be *permanent*, meaning ideological miners not following profitability may simply not be able to stay in business as the price continues to crash *just as it did* at that time.
Not theoretical; actual reality bears that out.So the real question is, why would any significant fraction of miners act against their long term self interest for an extended period of time as the collapse scenario that started to unfold on November 13 instead iterates into a permanent version thereof?
The answer is very simple; they would not.
And thus, BTC dies as the relative profitability of mining BTC blocks cannot compete with mining BCH blocks, and it is starved of the oxygen supply upon which it lives; SHA256 proof of work.
MOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOON
I know plenty about your mom though, including which brand of razor she uses for her back
Fuck BCC accumulation.
Who's accumulating all the BTC that needs to get dumped on exchanges this weekend?
Good.
Now you're putting together a coherent argument.If I I'm reading you right you are making two valid points.
First, because previously 80% of the miners moved (and 20% didn't) it's possible that 100% of miners /could/ move.
That's a reasonable thing to say.
Second, with 100% of them having moved, why would any of them move back?
Which, on the face of it, is also a reasonable question to ask.It comes down to expectation.
You seem to be suggesting if every single one of your 100% have an expectation of chain death, then none of them would move back.
That is the logical fallacy of begging the question.
Of course none would move back in your scenario because you've pre-ordained that none of them want to move back.
Nuanced, but it's there.
In reality, miners (and pools) cannot get their specfic motivations pre-ordained.What does the miner care for block death, for the block after this one?
Despite the expectation of block death he can /still/ get >$100k mining that chain despite the plummeting block reward.
And knowing that all his competitors are elsewhere, he's more likely to mine successfully too.
Suddenly, the chain is alive again.Address your assumption that 100% of miners would not be motivated to return please.
the difficulty on the original chain will be so high that mining that block will take weeks for any small miner.
the difficulty adjustment on btc is every 2016 blocks.
now who would give a shit about a 100k block you may or may not mine within the next week and 30 fuckin 50k blocks an hour on bch because of EDA?
Good.
Now you're putting together a coherent argument.That was the argument all along, you're just too fucking stupid to grasp it and are now proceeding to throw in more idiotic bullshit to stop yourself from having to digest the truth in front of you.> It comes down to expectation.
You seem to be suggesting if every single one of your 100% have an expectation of chain death, then none of them would move back.No, nonsense.
The miners don't have to know a damned thing about a chain permafrost.
They just have to see "Hey look I have this hardware and this guy is paying me x in order to deploy it on his project vs this guy paying me y, x > y therefore the former gets my POW".
That's it.
Miners follow profitability and that's all.
You think this validates your position because you think that the ballooning fees on the BTC chain the scenario implies mean that the block reward will exceed profitability of mining the BCH chain.
You don't take into account that block rewards and fees are both denominated in BTC on the BTC chain, and for the same reason you're not begging to swallow my ball snot for a few trillion Zimbabwean dollars, miners aren't going to give a fuck about higher BTC fees in a market where the ratio between BTC and BCH is moving heavily in favour of BCH.If you're looking for the flaw in the argument; it's very simple and it's this.
I'll actually hand it to you; If BCH *doesn't* want to kill BTC, then BTC doesn't have to die.
All the holders of BCH have to do is ensure a relatively smooth price gradient between the two assets and they can co-exist.If you can convince yourself BCH will show BTC mercy, there's nothing to worry about.
If you can't, BTC is doomed.
100,000,000 has been dumped into it since I last checked Bithumb.
We're moon territory
If BCH *doesn't* want to kill BTC, then BTC doesn't have to dieBwaaahahahahahaaa!!!
Nice one - you had me right til this OBVIOUS attempt to cover your ass in the event BTC didn't die: "O-oh the h-holders must have n-not wanted it"Personally I hold both BTC and BCH skin in this game and I perceive co-existence for some considerable time.
Chain permadeath?
Nope.
You have far, far too much to do and in far too little time to do it.
Cap this and call me when BTC is taken off the last exchange.This is a good point, that BTC cannot react fast enough.
It's something I do expect to see addressed at some point.
However 2016 is still fast enough to outrun chaindeath: Most people would be happier to wait a year for their money rather than lose it entirely.
Bwaaahahahahahaaa!!!
Nice one - you had me right til this OBVIOUS attempt to cover your ass in the event BTC didn't die: "O-oh the h-holders must have n-not wanted it"This implies that I think BCH will show BTC mercy.
I don't.
I think that's a shitty bet.
I'm quite convinced that it will be butchered this weekend just as speculated.
That's why I'm short BTC and long BCH.
I was only giving you the argument because it is clear you're emotionally invested in this and can't handle the likely truth of the issue, so rather than see you flail around looking for a security blanket and failing miserably, I took pity on you and said "Well maybe the enemy will decide not to slit your throat in your sleep, because they're just such nice guys".If that makes you feel better, great.
I'm not buying it myself for a minute though and I think anyone that does is on a similar mental level to what you've displayed here.
That's alright though, not everybody can handle the true nature of the world.
That's why I'm short BTC and long BCH.I'm long both.
Shall we meet up after the weekend and compare dicks to see how tiny yours is?
I suggest Tuesday.
If BTC is below $5k, you win.
If not, I do.
Implying I care about you as anything at all other than a random punching bag to validate and distribute my ideas by fire.No.
And so, at the end, all is revealed: you are all mouth and no trousers.You have yourself a good weekend.
Look for me when you get back :-D
I won't think of you at all.
That's what will make you seeing me next week all the more delicious
Get a room bois.
Go sick eachothers sick in lamboland!
If you're long on BTC right NOW at 8.3k, and you say you win when it dips to 5k...I dont know what the fuck you're doing.
sick each other's sickWhat's that in English?I've been long since $73 my friend.
Suck my gainz.
What?
BCH has been around for exactly as long as BTC
So what's everyone's plans after BCH becomes the new BTC?
Operation Dragonslayer will pump the heck out of BCH
I'm gonna retire, buy a small house on the lake, a boat too, maybe some high-end jetskis as well.
Lifes pretty sweet I'll tell you what.
Skate around Hell
ALreay a mad dog.
BUY BCC NOW.
TRAIN IS LEAVING
God these guys are fucking idiots they've had months to realise that small blocks limits bitcoins growth and haven't copped on that this affects their own bottom line they are fucking lost causes LITERALLY LMFAO
The last thing Institutional money wants is getting cucked by some faggot chink.
If "institutional money" knew what the hell they were doing, they wouldn't be interested in cryptocurrencies.
They don't, they realise they need an actual concrete non-manipulable medium of exchange, and they're coming to us hat in hand to get one.They will take what they are fucking given, or fuck right off back to fiat land where the points don't matter and everything is made up.