4 conferences over the next 5 weeks, 2 of which in China, Onchain blockchain project official launch.
get in now, moon incoming
All of these projects coming up... this is literally ETH before it's major run last year... but bigger.
Neo is the chosen one.
the day is November 17, 2018 What is the price of NEO?What distinguishes it from ETH?
Do they go up identically like LTC/BTC ?
I've been on the fence about NEO for a while.
My biggest concern is that its Chinese.
that its biggest pro, you realise yellow niggers are very responsible for crypto's success as a whole.
They buy in coordinated movements acting as large entity like fucking sardines forming a bait ball
damn you want I should wipe your ass for you as well.
Maybe you wouldn't have fence in butt if you did some research.
NEO developers can use common programming languages such as Java, Python and others.
Ethereum developers have to learn their own language, solidity.It is pretty similar to ETH, in the sense that it is a platform that people can build Dapps off of.
Its CEO also doesnt speak about cp, which is a plus
$125Muh gas makes neo super comfy to hodl
neverending accumulation for me
OP literally made a thread shilling it why the fuck shouldn't I ask about it?
P.S.
make sure to use 8 ply for my royal asshole when wiping you fucking faggot
stop overthinking crypto you idiot.
chinese ethereum, shiny logo, hype, it's all you need for moon.or you could buy something with AMAZING prospect like chainlink, look where that gets you, kek.
he's not holding NEO in his wallet to gain some comfy Gas token>he's not switching them in and out of his Bitfinex account with ZERO WITHDRAWAL FEE for swing trading
Also:>backed by chink gov.>chinese ETH with a big fucking wall around the country to protect its economy which saves the ruling party>getting dividends from PoS-system
Should i trade my litecoins for neo ?
Litecoin's only good for swing tradingNEO gets you dividends
In.
Immediately
Deluded Its goin down btc up.
End of atm