ITT we pretend it's 2018 and LINK already mooned to $10
why didn't you buy the dip at 0.02$?
>tfw told my boss to suck my cock today and that I'll never be coming in againThat was the best moment of my life.
That's only because of hyper inflation on new year's eve.
>mooned to $10wtf you promised me moon to 100$ in a month
Which color has your lambo?
mfw sold my 100k link at 1usd
Crashed my Lambo todayBought another one since LINK made me filthy rich
Why didn't you buy the dip at 0.00001?
After Sergey was arrested on charges of pedophilia and swift announced they wete partnering with ripple instead the price floored.
I'm still undecided whether to buy the tesla roadster or a lambo.
I mean how many of each, LINK made me so rich I want to have a car for every day of week.
De.
Lu.
Ded.No.
Lin.
Kies.
Def the tesla i have a bugatti myself and just bought my third vacation house.
I'm getting bored of vacation houses, already have one in every country on the planet.
I ordered spaceX to build me a personal space station hotel.
Cost me $5 billion but thanks to LINK gains I can afford it no problem.
I'm honestly quite scared of "making it".
The fuck would I even do with my life if I'm retired at 23?
What detailer are you guys using for the LINK logo on your lambo?
The guy I’m using sucks.
Been waiting for over a month now for him to finish.
enjoy it?no stress.
no obligations.
just fun.
Have you ever taken a week long vacation?
After 3 days I'm bored and restless.
never happened to me.
maybe you need to find a hobby.
maybe learn to draw.
drawing things people like and having them compliment you and comment on your things can be very fulfilling.
Yeah I remember crypto.
Too bad BCH crashed everything to shit last December.
can someone please tell me what link has over aeternity?i mean besides a low market cap
4514432Sergey is alternating between eating Big Macs and snorting cocaine off of black BBW booty cheeks while Rory is furiously stroking his pencil dick in the corner with one hand and stonewalling investors in the slack with the other.
That’s why all his “updates” trying to hide the fact that this project is a complete debacle are riddled with typos.
A pile of unread resumes sit on the floor, drenched in Big Mac sauce.
Steve is the only one trying.
He’s locked away in his moms basement trying to learn GO.
It’s such an obscure and asinine language that he can’t find the documentation he needs.
He’s about to snap.
He keeps frantically calling Sergey.
Sergey only texts back, “new phone, who dis” and “32 million solves my oracle problem.” Steve’ mom’s basement reeks of the marijuana Steve smokes to cope with the stress.
A thick haze from all the smoke lingers.
All Steve can see are two faint lights.
One is the blue light emitting from his shitty 2010 dell inspiron laptop.
Somehow Sergey didn’t think they’d have money in the budget for him to get a new laptop.
The other is the glimmer of steel of his colt 45 revolver with his one way ticket out of his hell.
did anyone buy the ETH dip at $1750?
there's a lot you can do:volunteertravellearn to paint in parislearn to cook in romeinvest in other businessesbuy/renovate propertiesmeet a nice girl and have a family
> Mfw the ChainLink plushies are now worth $2,000 each
and the chinks on alibaba are selling counterfeits
Oh linkies.
What would the world of cryptocurrencies be without you?
What do, we owe the honour.
The promise of Link seemed glimmering at first.
The premise of 'rent free' was surely innovative and ahead of its time.
But, as time showed us, this coin was nothing more than a pump and dump that inadvertently created the most deranged community of bag holders known to man.
A community that incessantly screeches "rent free" whenever they feel threatened, which is very common.
To be a linkie is to be deranged.
Having lost everything, whether it be your house, marriage, wife's sons college money or life-savings surely takes a toll on the mental serenity of a linkie's mind.
Slight threats critiquing the developers of Chainlink sets the common linkie into a state of neurosis that can only be cured by euthanasia or the eventual revaluing of this godforsaken currency.
However, once the price reaches 10 cents, the value will continue falling.
This crash will be catalyzed by the fact that thousands of wallets will be lost as a mass suicide of linkies, causing the price to dip even faster than Sergey can yell "POP OFF ME LEGS" at the Mayo Clinic.
Don't be deranged, don't be a linkie.
literal pajeets shilling this shitcoinDELUDED
this is an underrated problem, as someone who made it around 26. start planning what you would do.
even if something like real estate.
do not settle into the sloth rich guy life cause that will destroy your soul
>mfw some pajeet makes a bootleg chainlink and calls it chainlink cash>the peons call it the real chainlink and start trying to pump it >market gets fucked over
im still buying
I have hobbies, and after 3 days of nothing but leisure I am restless.