Started buying crypto in january, was buying from jan to may.
made some ok gains - went from 800 to 8000 but i keep obssesing over it.
I had 2,8 worth of btc in june and tought i should have sold all alts for btc but i didnt, so now im at 1,1 btc (which in fiat is the same amount basicaly).Problem is in the last few days i cant control the time im spending in crypto, 2 days ago i got really pissed because i wasnt at home when they announced the s2x cancellation and couldnt rebuy all those cheap fucking alts.I cant seem to manage my time any more, which is a huge problem because im a freelance photographer/videographer/webdesigner - this is really bad because im late for finishing some jobs.
and instead of just working and stopping looking at charts and reading tradingview and hanging around /biz/ i just procrastinate.
I think my clients started to notice that im becoming less reliable.My problem is i always think about what i could have done and it mainly comes from selling the eth i bought in 2014 at ico last year @14$.
Im pretty much a poorfag and dont make a lot of money (around 1200-1500€ a month) but its not that bad.
I mainly live month to month (relatively comfyily) and my bank account is mostly like 1k€ while my pfolio is (or at least was yesterday until i did some relly bad trades) 8k.Problem is i work from home and spend most of the time on my pc and so crypto is just 2 clicks away from my job.I dont know how to control myself anymore.My attention span in life has always been very short, i studyied psychology and got a bachelor but than got tired of it, photography was always a passion and so i transformed it into a job but now im tired of it, i got into video but after a few paid gigs i dont like it any more, same thing with webdesign......i started doing psychotherapy (for 2 years almost now) and realised i dont really give a fuck about what the fuck i do anymore, i just care about the money so i can get away from it all.
which made it wors
Literally nobody's gonna read this shit
i dont know what the fuck to do anymore, i feel like a pinball ball in my apartment just bouncing between short attention span activities....and the list of thing to do (or better the list of things i should have done days ago) is getting bigger and bigger, meanwhile im looking at charts and waiting for brakeouts to make a quick buck (ark really fucked it up 20min ago, should have sold at 482xx).Im actualy getting more and more important jobs - i did a video commercial for a not-so-small company a few weeks ago - i finished it 95%, i only have 5% more to finish it but i just cant concentrate any more to do it.... fucking hell!
!Yesterday i forced myself to sleep (after buying the ath of rdn) so that i can wake up early in the morning and work productively, and i did wake up at 7 and i said to myself, "idiot you bought the ath but hey i think it could go back up, so today no fucking magic internet money for you, just fucking finish the work that has to be done" - 5 min later, "ah lets just check cmc" and here i am now crying like a bitch to you cynical bastards.I dont really see any meaning in my life, eaven though it was hard as a freelancer getting started and it took me like 3 years to make a normal living, now that things have started going up and im getting bigger and better paind jobs i dont care about it anymore.
And just thinking ill have to do it for the next 40 years makes me think ill definitely commit sudoku in max 5 years....My life is not bad i have a beautiful and loving girlfriend, but i just cant take life anymore.....What the fuck is wrong with meTell me something /biz/ anything.........please...
>>>/adv/
ah cmon i have seen more melodramatic posts in the past getting responses
Jokes on you, I'm a contrarian
g-guys.....
Crypto isn't going to get you out of any holes.
At least you can't count on it for that.
Come back to it once you figure out your life and you're doing meaningful work.
You don't have to love your job, you just have to achieve satisfaction that you've earned your keep.
Then when you aren't working you should have things to look forward to, and not crypto.
Those things will be better when you work hard to get them
4282743You just need to relax anon.
Sounds like you're letting your fear of the future drive your behaviour rather than acting intuitively in the present.
Take a weekend away in nature and let yourself relax.
It sounds like you are losing gains to your impatience.
You have a whole life to make it anon, patience and understanding of yourself now will let it come to you sooner
Almost exact same situation here apart I just finished my study (business school) and I'm jobless trying hard in crypto.
Did so good at start went from 4k to 15k in a week.
Then I started doing shit with also very bad luck which Almost burn all my savings.
Went all in on raiden yesterday when it was 1$.
I can't forgive myself of missing walton while I knew about it ay start but fuded because of the scamy website and Cant forgive myself for having panic sell my 7k mod because of request bounce back 2 weeks ago (sold my req at lost to go onod then went back to req) Since I started crypto and tasted the ez money, it's even harder for me to motivate myself to start a wagecucking job I won't like.
All I have now is 6k RDN.
I dont know if I will hold or sell if I catch an other train..
I'm so fuckin addict to trade which make me very hard to hold smthg more than a week..
I always end up selling at lost to take a risky moon mission like groestl etcAll I do is all in since few weeks because desperate of how rich I would have if I followed instinct on mod when it was 0.6 and hold it
thank you anon, yeah i know.
i need some time to relax and enjoy myself....i know all of that but cant force myself to be nicer toward myself.... still thank you for pointing me the obvious thing - now i have to man up and get the balls to do it....
yeah its hard to control your greed.
yesterday after i was going insane about how much money i didnt make by buying cheap alts i went for a walk and said to myself "ok now you decide what to do" and the answer is "ok you missed the alts quick buck, btc is going to crash (eaven tone vays was saying it), you will now sell half of your btc for usdt and buyback later" 4 hours later im buying 2k$ of RDN at ath....
DW OP I had 2.88 BTC two months ago, now down to 1.11 right now.
Same boat.
It's not the end of the world.
Another friend traded 28BTC down to 4BTC (Two years of his savings) Two other friends spent 400BTC and 51BTC on drugs on silk road, they truly just'd.
thank you anon.
yeah theres many of us.Fortunately i cashed out my initial investment so that i could "make emotion-free decisions" but still it didnt help....
thank you for your kind words anons.
may the gods all bring you massive gains.