Millennial NEET here and former wagecuck grocery stocker, before my holdings mooned and I quit early this year.
I'm not rich but I guess I'm semi-rich because I have enough to live off of unemployed for more than a decade or so.
But I've been unemployed for too long and it's really starting to suck being directionless.
Have no skills and still don't want to do anything wagecucky that is inherently unenjoyable.
Considered getting into webdev but after taking courses I've no interest in it.
What would you do if you had that kind of money?
Is there any blue collar trade I could get into that I could eventually turn into my own business, that wouldn't involve working with brown foreigner invaders of a different culture?
Move to Singapore, look for opportunities
what would you doI'd keep working, knowing my $300 saved each week will turn into $3000 saved in 5 years time
I would study math over a 5-10 year period and then try to solve some weird problem.Then, I would be known and remembered as one of the most intelligent persons in the world.Then I would use the fame to go to parties of rich people who want to brag about that they know me and then I would fuck bitches that want to tell other bitches that they've fucked me.
I'm currently in the process of banking up 4.5k to go back to trade school for a year of auto mechanics.
I can already do a lot with cars, but I figure once I have a fancy certificate and broaden my knowledge I could work solo.
A guy had me put in a fuel pump last week and I was only going to charge him 40 bucks for labor and he ended up paying me 200 because his mechanic was asking 550 parts/labor.
I don't know how much you have, but pending on your location it's not expensive to buy a small lot and build a cheap garage.Once I save up and get back to school I'm going to quit wage-cucking and go balls deep into auto mechanics.
I'm even thinking about a come-to-you type of service I could do on certain days where I could go to a customers house and do repairs for small things (ball joints, tie rods, wheel bearings) and then still have a garage for the bigger jobs.
Similar situation, kinda.
I started making video games.
I've shipped 3, first 2 made almost nothing, 3rd is doing OK (~15k/year) but mostly I do it because it's fun and I have enough money that I don't need to work a real job.But I dunno annon.
Try new things.
Could be anything.
Might sound dumb or boring but you don't know until you try it.
Who is she?
Travel.
Try living one year in some Asian countryside.
You will find your way of life there
post gaems
Pick a niche, some couple in washinton state grows authentic Japanese wasabe in 1 large out door green house and are making a living.So day trade or start farming a specialty herb
here's some Steam keys, it's the latest game I madeVK77M-8VX66-CNKDZ FZN9D-XPAK7-I4LZ43073K-8NMVR-MAWJCVL3N2-Q66QQ-6MP5RCTJDM-P5ZZX-DR0KLC5AET-Z3KRE-HWHQKsend me some satoshis if you like it - 1BP8h9UQzbdY5fABvPpMJAXJ3ybMA9GQrn
also trailer because why not https://youtu.be/VfWNzCigc9s
when you steal four of the keys for your four separate accounts>then you realize the game is shitThanks for the keys though.
This is the one which pulls in 15K?
Or another one?
Still pretty cool though.
ya this one.
still early access, I'm also planning on submitting it to ps4.
everybody says that's where the money is.
63 reviewskThat's seriously impressive.
Good luck on your ventures.
Ha, thanks.
Same to you!
What would you do if you had that kind of money?Kill myself
I just signed up for the military in an engineering position.
I spent 3 years exercising and bought a home gym before this.
Having money does not a life make.
buy some land>build a cabin the way you imagine it>try to produce your own food and see if you enjoy it>learn to automate some of the things in your new homstead>fuck a dude in the ass so you'll feel less of a faggot
starting to suck being directionlessMust suck being that much of a sheep that you start missing your lash.
Get a hobby anon.
And workout.
Then find azn qt and seduce her.
When she is tied up in your basement in a maid outfit she will supply you with hours of entertainment everyday for free.
After a few months of this she will learn to enjoy it... even beg for it.
After awhile you can even remove the restraints because you know she would never leave her master.
Get a job as a wielder and man the fuck up.
Or start woodworking and selling your shit.
Shye has a lot of makeup on.
A lot.
How dare you talk about my waifu like that you fucking shithead, let's fight!
She only has a little bit of eye makeup and some lipstick.
She has perfect natural doll skin, but I guess a virgin fag like you that's never been within 100 feet of a girl as pretty as my waifu wouldn't understand that asian women are born with beautiful porcelain skin.
Fuck You!
like what?
OK.
I will fight you.
I live in Barnstaple Devon.
I am really drunk right now but give me a few days to sober up.>She is fugly as fuck and your4 kids would be candidates for euthanASIA.
If you want to fuck bitches you're not smart enough to solve an important math problem.T.
Gregory perelman
Ladyboys
I'm fine with ribbing, but not digs based on your own lack of reading comprehension.
I made clear I wasn't interested in going back to working the kinda job I was doing before.
If I missed the lash I would have already gone back to those type of shit jobs.
Wielding sounds pretty cool thanks.
Already working out.I don't see the appeal in moving to a foreign culture where I would be a minority.
Moving abroad sounds nice merely for the purposes of seeing new things and lowering my costs when things like rent are way cheaper.
But it's no plan.
What the fuck?
You live in some sorta barn?
And why the Hell are you drunk this early in the morning?
Devon??
Sounds English... if you from England that might explain your whole problem... your women are a hideous blight that should be cleansed from the earth with fire.
Even an ugly Asian would be a super model in comparison to brit girls
Nice looking game anon.Op, I'm in the exact same department.
I actually liquidated a mass of bitcoin holdings to buy investment properties to have a steady income.
But honestly have no idea what to do with my life anymore.I get up at 11am, stay up until 3-4am.
Play video games, check holdings, check profits monthly.Seriously what the fuck else do I do with my time?
I don't want to go back to working like some cuck for shit money when I have no need to.
Depression is starting to bite but.
Create, don't consume, things.
Travel the world?
Or start a cryptoinvestment firm or w/e, I'm unemployed aswell and it can get rather boring.
But I hope to make enough by next summer so I can travel for the next 10 years.
Having money does not a life make.Nor does it learn you how to use words in the correct order, apparently.
Travel the world?This is a great suggestion.
There is so much beauty out there.
Putting yourself in these new situations and seeing how stuff is in other places is also great for stimulating creativity, which sounds exactly like what you need to do, OP.
Okay, how does that apply to me??
I'm a gunslinging, bacon cheeseburger eating, illegal immigrant hating 'Murican

If your still there.
How much time and skill did it take you to make this?
Making a game has always been a dream of mine.
Mooning is cool I guess, but I want to fulfill my dreams.
Dude...not cool, where'd you find my personal photos???
MFW beating an American in a fight means stealing their C-Pap machine.Nice self-deprecating humor yank.
There is hope for you yet.
this has Game Maker written all over itIm jealous dude.
Been trying my own game for a while but i suck balls.
So day trade or start farming a specialty herb>farming specialty herb>herb
learn something new.
take up golf, or something.