http://dcg.co/who-we-are/#board-members1.
Glenn Hutchins: Former Advisor to President Clinton.
Hutchins sits on the board of The Federal Reserve Bank of New York, where he was reelected as a Class B director for a three-year term ending December 31, 2018.
Vice-Chairman of Brookings Institue.
On advisory board with Ben Bernanke and Hank Paulson.2.
Barry Silbert: CEO of Digital Currency Group, (funded by Mastercard) who is also an Ex investment Banker at Houlihan Lokey.
This is the guy who thought SW2x was a good idea.3.
Lawrence H. Summers: "Board Advisor" "Chief Economist at the World Bank from 1991 to 1993.
In 1993, Summers was appointed Undersecretary for International Affairs of the United States Department of the Treasury under the Clinton Administration.
In 1995, he was promoted to Deputy Secretary of the Treasury under his long-time political mentor Robert Rubin.
In 1999, he succeeded Rubin as Secretary of the Treasury.
While working for the Clinton administration Summers played a leading role in the American response to the 1994 economic crisis in Mexico, the 1997 Asian financial crisis, and the Russian financial crisis.
He was also influential in the American advised privatization of the economies of the post-Soviet states, and in the deregulation of the U.S financial system, including the repeal of the Glass-Steagall Act."
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lawrence_Summers4.
Blythe Masters: "Former executive at JPMorgan Chase.
[1] She is currently the CEO of Digital Asset Holdings,[2] a financial technology firm developing distributed ledger technology for wholesale financial services.
[3] Masters is widely credited as the creator of the credit default swap as a financial instrument.
She is also Chairman of the Governing Board of the Linux Foundation’s open source Hyperledger Project, member of the International Advisory Board of Santander Group, and Advisory Board Member of the US Chamber of Digital Commerce."
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blythe_Masters
sssh dont tell them anonroger ver, kim dotcom, john mcaffee are evilwhat do they have in common, they are highly successful, governments are after them, and they promote personal libertycertainly they are the ones shilling for big banks and centralization, can't you see?
satoshi's vision is a nice thing.
anarcho-capitalism and all that.
sadly, in the real world, the underdog always loses.
i bet on the NWO and the illuminati shadowgovernment, because I know they ARE the money.
if you are emotional about it, you will lose.
we can rule over the galaxy, together.
can't you see?
you cannot defeat the new world order.
the fate of the crypto market has been decided before we were even born.
put your money in the NWO coin... and you will be rewarded.
or you can be a stuckup "truther" loser conspiracy theorist who will probably end up homeless and gangstalked by shadow government operatives.
which one sounds like the most pleasurable experience, anon?
i've made my choice... i will be a good boy and bet my money on cockstream.