It's actually sad seeing you linkies blindly believing that the LINK token needs to be valuable to work.
b market cap>sergey and Rory own 350m>deluded
seriously believes there is a chance that LINK does not break $1 early next year>delusional
This.
It's people like you tricking people into thinking there's some sort of guarantee that LINK will be at least $1 EOY.
A billion supply not market cap.
Learn to Fud.
Either way; given the partners involved a billion market cap is nothing.
Swift wipes it's ass with a billion dollars.
>It's actually sad seeing you linkies blindly believing that the LINK token needs to be valuable to work.
Sounds like ETH fud all over again.
Now I'm getting excited.
Shill tactic #2 in actionComparing to btc/eth... Lmao
Why is there so much fud going around Link?Is it because "we live rent free" in fudders mind?So much bullshit argumentationDo you not know hoy much money information is worth?How much money descentralized a trust-less information would be?Yes there is a billion tokens, so what?
Ethereum dosent even have a total amount of coins, could keep growing to a trillion or some meme number like that, uts still worth 300usd and practically useless in the real finance world without link.
It's always guaranteed to happen as predicted, you must believe this without any supporting evidence or you will always be a loser bitch faggot.
Everyone here knows the future, and is only trying to help you, you stupid ass idiot.
We have all gotten rich from following the instructions given here, so now it's your turn, or do you hate yourself, and money?
i have not seen a single valid argument against LINK so far -- "2 man dev team no communication it's a scam" is not a strong casebiz wants to stay poor
apparently even the MIT confirmed years ago that smart contracts are impossible because data can be fucked with BEFORE it enters the oracle.
LmaoIve not seen a single valuable argument for LINK to be more valuable than it already is so far
The most valid arguement is that "link dosent need to be expensive to work"Except that if its worrh pennies users would have to buy tens of thousands to use the service, bringing the price upIn the end the price will find a sweetspot (like eth with the "pegged" 300usd) and node operatord will set a cost thinking in usd and not in btc/eth (for the most part at least)So I can see this easily being a whole number (1, 10, you name it) as soon as it starts getting used, never beforeIm holding like 4k of this

Maybe but SWIFT probably won't even use LINK for payments.
It hasn't even been confirmed that they will be using CHAINLINK - we just know that they're working with Sergey on smart contracts.many more partners will have to be involved before Link's value increases.
SWIFT won't do anything on their own, even if they are using CL software.
We can't explain it to brainlets like you.
It would be like explaining algebra to a 2nd grader.
I really dont think the price depends on partnerships (short term it cohld drive the price up, true), i really believe the price will fully depend on it being USEDAnd it will, people use shittier systems already
who the fuck cares?
You idiots are thinking too hard about thiswhy is bitcoin 8000 dollars.
It's because of sensationalismif LINK comes out with major banking partnerships the price will rocket by default, same as Ripple which went 40x in one month
First and foremost the determination of price is based on what people are willing to pay for it.
Why is btc 8k when it still takes 5 bucks to send a transaction and there are cryptos that do everything it does but better?
Speculation, thats it.