How the fuck do you make money with this shit?
What are tips and tricks?
What do you need to know to become a "smart trader"?
General 'how to be better' thread

buy stuff that people need
serious answer.
Have a plan for every trade you enter.
You're not buying or selling, you're trading an asset for an asset.
You trade dollars for ethereum because you think ethereum will appreciate vs. the dollar in the timeframe you're working with.Have a checklist for every trade.
Why am I buying this?
Why do I think this specific asset is a good investment?
If your only answer is that /biz/ or Twitter told you so, you're probably making a bad trade.
What is my timeframe for this trade?
What are my sell targets?
At what point will I cut my losses?
Exit strategies are at least as important as planning your entrance, yet most newbie traders just FOMO buy whatever caught their attention and dream of 10x while holding bags 24hrs later.Time in the market is more important than timing the market.
Unless you really, really know what you're doing, and have money to burn, don't try to make money trading.
There's a reason HODL is a meme.
Buy red candles and sell green ones.
In terms of a specific purchase, this is a moot point if you listen to rule #1 which is have a plan.
If you're swing trading to try to increase your investment on something that you expect to appreciate long term, you're really just gambling your money.
If technical analysis was reliable there would be a lot more millionaire traders and a lot fewer wojacks on this board.Most importantly, do your own research.
Whenever someone "shares" information with you, ask yourself why they would be doing that.
Hint: it usually isn't out of the kindness of their hearts.
That principle goes both ways.
Lots of people have a lot to gain by convincing people that X asset is worth more or less than the going price.
The market is the ultimate barometer, you're usually not going to get a significant edge.
Ask yourself what someone's agenda may be if they're painting a portrait of a particular asset.Again with the DYOR - crypto and blockchain is going to change the world.
Educate yourself, it's worth it.
Find coin with newsLook at chart Set buy order 10-15% lower than current price.
It's extremely easy to make money in the crypto bubble.
I think it's entering the middle and I'd watch out after 2018 but during 2018 do these steps.Get all the money you can spare.Put 1/3 ETH, 1/3 XMR, 1/3 BTC.
Wait a year.
There you go probably have 10 times your initial investment.
Wow you're a good dude, probably the wisest and useful advice I've seen anytime someone asks how to get started.
Appreciate it
Good post
Or, just buy POWR every dip from now to 2020 and never work again.
follow the milk & honey.
The ratio for maximum gains should be 1/3 ETH, 1/3 BTC, and 1/3 POWR.
XMR is an FBI honeypot.
salty no coin jealous about the gains XMR has made and will continue to makeStay poor you pleb
Biz has actually got me into a ton of pumps and good coins to Hodl.
You just have to weed through the mounds of bullshit and shitcoin link threads.
Rule number one should be to figure out what you wish to accomplish.
Do you want to hold onto something, or just go back and forth trying to make quick gains.
What I do is I split my portfolio into coins I think are safe and have high upside BTC eth monero neo are my hodl coins.
I recommend you find some coins with solid foundations that you believe in and just hold them.
But I also set aside money to day trade and make a couple bucks everyday.
This extra cash is either added to the savage day trade pile or converted to BTC.
Stop thinking in terms of dollars and cents, and start thinking in BTC or eth.
salty no coin jealous about the gains XMR has made and will continue to make>Stay poor you plebThis is a friendly thread with good advice.
Leave that stuff outside mate, there's enough negativity in other threads.
XMR is how you make money.Biggest advice I can give which was mentioned above is have a plan - rough entry points, exit points and what you're going to do with the money after.
Dude I have no fucking idea what I'm doing.
I started two weeks ago with $270 and right now it says on Binance the cash equivalent to my holdings is ~$825.
I don't understand how you can lose money doing this literally anything I do trade or buy makes money.
I guess most basic advice is don't sell for less than you bought for?
It's common fucking sense.
I read these threads where the price drops and people sell I DONT UNDERSTAND WHY THEY DO IT.
I started two weeks ago>I don't understand how you can lose money doing this > literally anything I do trade or buy makes money.Maybe try doing it for LONGER THAN TWO WEEKS before you consider yourself an expert?
If you don't know what you are doing then you have been lucky, but luck runs out.
Although this reply looks stupid and worthless at first glance, it's actually a perfect example of how much of a role dumb luck plays in these markets
I meant the "stay poor you pleb" part.
XMR is a good recommendation.
Where did I say I consider myself an expert?
I buy something on the uptrend and I sell when it has appreciated 1-3%.
Binance charges ridiculously low fee like $0.25 a trade.
I seriously don't get how you lose money.
If it dips just wait maybe don't try trading if you have ADD?
BTW I'm not trading with leverage so maybe that's why I don't get why people are losing their whole stack at once.It's common fucking sense it's just like drop shipping or flipping old fucked up cars.
You never bought like a beater car and resold it for $300 more than you paid or so?
Chill man, we're all friendly here.
It's just you've been in it for two weeks and said you don't understand how people can lose money, but you're still trying to give the guy advice.
> I guess most basic advice is don't sell for less than you bought for?
It's common fucking sense.Stop losses.
Sometimes exiting a bad trade at a loss is the right move.You're right though, a lot of it is common sense.
Don't FOMO, don't chase pumps, don't buy high sell low.
I think his point is that you're admitting you have no idea what you're talking about and then passing judgement at the same time.
"It's common fucking sense" no, even though there are good practices and smart principles, markets are not rational and you're a complete noob who has gotten lucky in a very short timeframe.
get gud cunt
Most people on /biz/ have never been inclined to actually think logically about making money and are here for "muh ez crypto million"You still have to put in work to research on your own and use common sense when buying and selling.
Like anon said above, it's all about asset for asset.
Buy cheap and sell (slightly more) expensive.
he thinks we're all traders
I wasn't giving advice on long term holding or trend analysis.
If something is appreciating after a dip then buy it and sell after 1% profit.
Hell with such cheap fees for trades sell after half a percent gain or even a quarter fucking percent.
You don't need such over thinking to scalp trade.
Don't care if it's a shit coin, the "next big thing" or what.
It could be literal dog shit ffs but if it appreciates 1% sell it.
It gets tiresome I post in threads about coins that are appreciating "just exited my position made nice gain good luck everyone!"
and get bombarded with "hahaha you fucking retard you're gonna pink wojack" or "you're gonna kill yourself for selling" and then ten minutes later I see the same people crying
Agreed, that's annoying as fuck.
Most of the time they are LARPing or trying to make themselves feel better about their own stupid decisions.
Dude not to single you out but listen to what you're saying.
You're basically saying that swing trading is guaranteed money, when that is widely known to be untrue.
Especially in crypto.
These markets are volatile, and 1% movements and much larger can and will happen before you have time to react.
Also there's no way you're going to convince anyone that you tripled your money in two weeks by selling at 1% profit each time.
What's your advice for when the thing you bought moves downward?
Not to be a dick but it's clear that you don't know what you're talking about and it isn't helpful.
That said though the basic message is good!
Sell when you're in profit.
Lots of newbies forget that due to greed and end up burning themselves.
Sometimes were more than 1% profit (sometimes up to 5%) sure but yes I started two weeks ago with exactly $270 worth of Bitcoin.
I bought it on coinbase with my debit card, then sent it to Binance after I learned how to transfer to other wallets
What's your advice for when the thing you bought moves downward?
Don't sell it for a loss.
Not sure what you mean otherwise.
I'm not trading with leverage so it's not a major issue I'm not trying to blow my brains out if it dips nor am I facing a margin call if it does.
I think the problem is people here are trading with huge margin on shady sites and losing everything
I will have to agree, I saw a very nice pennant forming on BCH at the 1400 level and took a chance on BFX Margin traded that shit to 1550.
You can see the dip I caused when I sold.
You can absolutly day trade but it's hard as hell.
Kek
chain link
If any of you are trading at the level of sophistication outlined above by the guy who has 200 dollars for your own good just stop fucking around and hold Bitcoin until you know what you're doing
Same bro, I started with $120 and now I'm at $1k, just by being happy with 5% profit.
I missed some other gains, yeah, but I also missed many price drops.
Never hodling any of these shitcoins.
I put so little in specifically because I was just testing the waters.
These people who post they lost their entire life savings I just don't get how they can be so wreckless.
If you can't afford to lose your entire initial investment then dont even enter the markets at all.
If I had just held BTC only I wouldn't have made the gain I did.
If you're talking about long term investing you should have a diversified portfolio and sure that can absolutely include Bitcoin holdings but the OPs post seems to imply he wants to know how to make money fast.
Just like on any stock exchange the answer is make 1-2% gains every day.
Except with crypto you can put a tiny amount in an exchange and have at it, there's no pattern day trader rules or anything like that.
I think that's what a lot of potential traders don't realize, they think they're going to have to drop $25k just to daytrade like when trading on ETrade or Robinhood and that's just not the case at all in Crypto
The problem is that you're talking as if you're guaranteed to make money on anything you buy as if it's just that easy or "common sense."
What advice do you have for people who bought DNT in August?
Or people who bought into the REQ ICO?
Neither of them have revisited those prices since.
And if you knew anything about crypto, you would know that a continuous downward trend towards dead shitcoin status is far more common than any other outcome for 90% of coins.
The real common sense is that if it really were that easy, everyone would be rich.
The fact that you're screenshotting miniscule amounts of money as "proof" that it really is that easy just serves to reinforce the first thing you said in this thread.
You have no idea what you're doing.
Congratulations on your luck though in all seriousness.
Feels good to make those kind of gains.
Buying into an ICO or a stock IPO has nothing to do with daytrade scalping.
If you mix up long term investment strategies with scalping you're going to have a BAD time.
Show me a downward trend and I'll show you a series of green candles during the overall downward trend you can make money on.
Watch the 1 min charts closely and close your trades quickly, it's that simple.
And if not and you DO get sucked into a series of endless red candles that you are sure will never reverse again then sure, cut your losses.
It shouldn't be a repeating thing and shouldn't be devastating unless you're trading with ridiculous margin and get margin called.
It's so easy, just buy anything, but better get in early.
Got some TRX just for fun - made some money.
Alright man well I concede, you've obviously cracked the code so now choose your fate - to do a book tour and lecture on Wall Street before or after you've made endless fortunes with your bulletproof trading strategy Or maybe just admit you've been in for two weeks and gotten really lucky
Wait until you get caught in a real crash, one that really makes you sweat.Wait until you get trapped in a bear market where your bags get heavier and heavier for months on end.You ain't seen shit yet, but you will.
He just keeps going...