what price would be high enough to start making btc struggle to advance furthemore?
at some point pumping will get slower, and harder, but when do u think is that going to be?
$9000-$9900
Entirely depends on where we are in the adoption curve.
There's so many people who have not put money into this garbage yet so it'll probably keep going for a while more
Sky is the limit if BTC goes mainstream
k
I pray BTC legitimately gets replaced by something better (no not BCH) before that happens so I don't have to worry about this all crashing down
There is no ceiling, it will continue rising until a big event triggers a complete collapse
protip: if something replaces bitcoin then bitcoin will crash
I think 100k.
If it keeps this rate going though, that's only a year away which us pretty crazy to say out loud.
Once 100k, I think the road to a million will take a couple of years
$10k seems like a psychological limit.
People are going to want to cash out because it's a nice round number.
I think it will hit that wall a lot of times before breaking trough.
Once it gets past that, I don't even know, all bets are off with all the normie money that is starting to get in.
Obviously there will be resistance around 8k, 8.5k, 9k, 9.5k.. but mostly, 10k.
Then next stop 15k.
Most adopters have only been around for a year or two.
They don't actually know what pain feels like.
They didn't experience a Mt.
Goxening.
The moment we break $10k you're gonna see the mother of all fomo buys from the news that spreads
thisI'm thinking we'll be stuck at 14k for a while
BTC will never go mainstream in its current state.
It fundamentally does not have the transaction throughput.
Nobody can decide on what the fuck to do about it, so upgrading isn't gonna work because there is no consensus.Unless you consider something like gold mainstream, in which case, BTC already is
lightning network is a ways offwe are not ready for adoption
is it a ways off?https://twitter.com/jackmallers/status/932485758899965954
11k, after this point it might go to 14k then crash to 9k and slowly correct to 5-6k
Why are people so adamant on one singular crypto overtaking BTC and all the other alts?
Maybe people will use BTC savings and another alt for transactions.
Why use BTC for saving when an alt that works well for transactions could do both acting as a store of value and being a usable currency?
Why does anybody believe in Bitcoin?
It's literally meant for transactions and the transaction costs are beyond believable.
Even with improvements to the technology, Bitcoin is still so so so so so far from being useful at all.
Literally worthless until it's back down at 500-1k again.
Survey Says?
Be Gone, Witch.
I bought on the way down after mt gox, avg price around $600.
noobs here don't know the pain of your investment slowly losing value over multiple years.
Those were hard times
Cause we dont want faggot shitcoins that haven't been on TV news.
I have LINK, accelerated the process.
a meteor?
LN doesn't actually scale bitcoin.