Hail OdinFather of all odn masternodes>My odn bros,Fear not the wrath of Loki, the stealer of gainsFear not the Chinese, the crashers of marketsFear not the Jews, who want your cryptos goneUpon this day in Valhalla I hath declared the dip is over.
Good tidings to the holders and those who acquired more masternodes .
Your patience will be rewarded soon I tell you.
>Hell shall have furry and scorn on the non believers.
The fudders and dumpers.
They shall soon perish.
Those who do not understand what we are doing.
>Hail OdinHail ObsidianHail Odn Bros
5/10 for effort
>not acquiring masternodesholy fuck you people can(not) be this dumb;remember dash?>average cost of a masternode is $350k now>nets you $80k/yr by stakingshit man here's a good opportunity to literally get some cheap lambo tickets.
Obsidian is going places and you should want to hop on while the shuttle is only getting fueled up before launch.
Grab this before you grab yourself you pussy
REJOICETHE DIP IS OVER
lmaodont worry, it will get hammered down once it hits 35 cents as alwaystoo many salty bagholders waiting to offload bags
Hail Odn
Volume (24h)$57,9009.20 BTC
A psychic pink whale told me all of this would happen.
I'm slowly buying more at every red.
WTF GUYS SHOULD I HOLD OR SELL?
DECEMBER BETTER BE GOOD
Topkek product release before New Years, actual application of THEIR OWN blockchain, encrypted messaging's much needed answer against gov pressure.
Are you seriously askin this?
Most salty bag holders have already dumped.
This will be the biggest justing and a lesson for those who sold
>Investing in a secondhand messaging app that can't make calls, use video, share files, or transfer any digital currency aside from ODN>Tons of pissed off bagholders who want to sell for breakeven or slightly above exchanges with abysmal volume>Fired 3 developers in the span of 3 weeks>no working address lookup 7 weeks into being listed on exchanges>head of marketing known pump and dumper with tons of money and whale friendsYeah, you guys are fucking retarded if you think that releasing a beta version of this already shitty project will bump the price more than 1000 SATs
this is some shit-tier fud, fuck off pajeet
shit man here's a good opportunity to literally get some cheap lambo tickets.
Obsidian is going places and you should want to hop on while the shuttle is only getting fueled up before launch.
Kek.
Okay moonboy.
How are those bags of rocks treating you?
KYS, this is the definition of pajeet trash.
Just download Wickr, it does the same shit and it takes the stress out of missing on alt coins that are seeing 10% returns day over day
Same guy in every thread lol.
He admitted to buying in at the ATH and now he's salty.
sad!
many such cases
Forgot to mention:>Have to spend ODN to send messages>Unless you have a solid connection or use raspberry pi, your staking gets interrupted and you dont collect staked rewards>CEO hired wife as legal advisor.
<--That's a big one.
Who's side do you think she is going to take if shit goes down?
Its a bad sign when there is a laundry list of valid concerns.
Many of these have gone unanswered.
Lol, fucking pajeets
Its a bad sign when there is a laundry list of valid concerns.i agree.
let us know when you find some.
CEO hired wife as legal advisor.
<--That's a big one.
Who's side do you think she is going to take if shit goes down?
How do you feel about that?
Look up the term nepotism.
Amplified when it comes to the legality of the project
Hail OdinThe cringe is too strong for me... please kill me.
A legal advisors job is to make sure the peojevt follows the law and regulations lolYour post is implying obsidian is involved in illegal activities hahahaha2/10 fuddYou should be able to come up with atleast believeable accusations
Legal advisor in an unregulated market>If things change, or if shit goes down, knock on wood, do you think shes going to work against her husband and do whats best for the investors?Christ, what is the average IQ on this board.
I feel like I am talking to a bunch of 12 year olds
A little unfair, is at least a 7.
you might want to get a new shill image sagemarkstale as fuck
Your just sour youndumped your bags
He thinks the increase in SAT price is organic and not tied to BTC bleeding out in USD value.kek, I ain't even mad.
Idiots like you are the reason why I make money in crypto
but you lost thousands in ODN lmao
rationalizing selling at a loss and calling it "making money" >calls /biz/ stupidNo digits confirm: is retarded
I lost probably $300 selling for 500 sats at a loss.
With the bulk amount of $ sold from ODN, I transferred that to VTC for a return of 170%.
total profit after loss: ~$5,500>And you held ODN from whatever buy in price, to where it is now, probably still at a significant loss which will take weeks, if not a month or more to recover from.I apologize that you are so emotionally attached to your shitrock.
Maybe next time you wont fall for the holding after a massive pump and dump meme
See above for a lesson on cost/risk analysis.
Im sure you and your ODN fanboys have a collective IQ of 95
oh so now you made up your losses with VTC.
before you said it was BCH.
which is it, bro?
better keep your stories straight, lmao
When the fuck did I say that?
Just give it a rest, you are seriously one of the dumbest people I have talked to
You think you're a genius but you'd be doing something better with your time if that were true.
Instead you spam every single ODN thread with 20 comments LOL
the last ODN thread.
lmao.
why you so mad bro?
just stop making up stories and excuses and accept your massive losses.
Topkek this guy went mental over something.
I think you have me confused with someone else mate.
But I would be lying if I didn't have a serious case of "told you so" right now.
Seeing this shit is entertaining.
you should never get emotionally invested in what you buy.
admit that its shit and move on.
You will learn soon enough.
There's a reason why digimarines exist, just look at their graph for a more extreme version
What a loserHahahahahaYou've spent all day in this thread fudding.
Get a life.
If your not holding any why do you even care about the price?
The utter state of this delusional pajeet has truly made my day
I know it's you because you frequently speak the same way and make the same points.
Also the DGB chart is completely different from the ODN chart.
DGB was valued at over 500m at one point which is absurd, of course those holders got fucked.
ODN is at 6m right now.
you literally post exactly the same way as the FUDer in all the previous ODN threads.
but oh, it's not you.
ok, buddy.
This is literally the first thread that I responded to all day, and your comment history goes back further than mine.Its a bad sign when the community is so delusional that they cant take constructive feedback and scream FUD.
Also, doesnt help that all of you are fucking retarded and shouldnt be investing into crypto.Cheers