>finally decide after losing so much on alts to put it all in btc>btc goes down and alts go upI am leaving crypto for good.
except for the 5 btc I refuse to sell at a loss im keeping it for 10 years and going back to selling pokemon cards for a living.
bye biz
Buy high, sell low.
what the fuck OP, we fucking warned you about that, literally what were you thinking
thats what you get for having weakling hands
actually the advice here sucks big balls it just happened to be right the one time I didnt follow it
Yo dawg I have like nearly two complete fossil sets in Mint/Near mint condition.All uncommon and common are first edition for one setInterested?I'd cut you a fairly good deal
Only card missing is foil hypno because this kid talked me into parting it out to him.Also some assorted foils from the first three sets.
A shining celebi.Bundle it up for a deal
BTC goes down?
The fuck you talking about peasant faggotJust logged into blockfolio expecting to see sub 6500 after your peasant cuck shit postFuck off cuck, stay out of crypto
Real Nick Rochefort shit here.
What pokemon cards do you have for sale?
the fuck were you thinking m8?
you sell alts at the first sign of a BTC bullrun, not after like a fucking month when its market cap increased like 40 billion in a couple of days.
Nice, giving up because you struggle getting rich.
I'm afraid I have bad news anon: you will not make it.
Lol yeah right.
Chainlink was an easy 5x and Confido a comfy 4x.
That's more than enough to get 100k with 5k.
You are just inexperienced.
tfw you have shining celebi and shining kabutops
be honest with yourself OP you're a fucking idiot, even inexperienced people are making it

people like you are the reason why people like me are rich :)
selling pokemon cards for a living.
sick dank brah.
I opened shining celebi on my 10th birthday.
My aunt was poor af and all she could afford to give me was a booster pack and it was rad as fuck.
Very grateful
Wait you own btc at a loss?
Did you buy @ 7800?
lol you stupid bitch, why did you try to make up for doing the wrong thing by doing the exact wrong next?
Just follow the market (just react quickly) and you'll be fine....when you start to see btc lose momentum and the alts pump, move to the alts as quick as you can.
I know it can be discouraging but it's not really that hard anon.
good luck
5 BTC>refuse to sell at a losswhy the fuck would you buy at $7500?
holy fuck you're dumb, you should go, this is not for you.Also, who is that man?
For ppl to make gains others have to lose, thank you for your sacrifice
J U S T E D
Sam Hyde.
He'san infamous mass murderer and sexual predator
What kind of meme is this?
42738824273537ok, you guys are right.
I think I will sell my btc for alts again.
I bought in at 7.3k I think the problem is I was relying on this board too much.
im going to learn to do my own research from now on.>inb4 btc moons as soon as I do this
Just buy a long term hold like REQ/OMG/ETH brah
BCH - Safe 2x over 30 days (Poss more) def 48 hour gainsLTC - Long Term solid - 2x gains by next yearETH - Fork, Fork, Fork to 3x next BTC 2 years at 4/5x where it's nowARK - Possibly the next ETH will go up from 10x - 100x over 2/3 years (what's 1,000 to get 100,000 back possibly)
if these alt missions stall the whole things probably fucked
You have to be full of shit.
Who the fuck would sell good alts at thier ATL for btc at ATH.
How fucking hard is this?
Buy good coins at the bottom and sell after youve made money.. if your really getting out at least hold a few alts like btc cash/ eth/ ark/ ltc/ vertcoin
Yea man do ur own research just have biz help you on news of new wallets or which coins have a good dev teams.
You have to have the instinct and gut to know when its low enough to buy so u dont get left holding shitcoin bags
trust me on this one kidforget everything that everyone said in this threaduse all your BTC on cardano, hodlgo back to a normie life for a year or twocome backlambos
ARK - Possibly the next ETH will go up from 10x - 100x over 2/3 years (what's 1,000 to get 100,000 back possibly)Are you joking?I do believe what you're saying about LTC and ETH, but ARK?No way.
LINK it can be yours
fuck I have shit loads of pokemon cards do people actually want this shit and there all in pretty good condition.