AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAFUCKSERGEYFATBURGERBITCHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAIMGONNAENDITFUCKTHISSHITCOINAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
no fat shaming please
I would hate myself if I miss out on those delicious ARDR winnings which was obv.
with mainnet starting in december.
Maybe not the promised moon but a solid 30% for now and this shit is gonna hit a $ easilybut muh buy link because... fat sergey ?
Man that must be so painful.
When did you get in?
;_;
Just buy BAT it's about the same price as LINK and isn't a total fucking shitshow.
I was all in on bat before link at around .25 cents.
I refuse to go back
Yea, see I bought BAT a few weeks ago at $.13 because I'm not a fucking idiot and I know how to use TA and FA.
TA isn't real don't flatter yourself
It actually is.
The Bitfinex explosion is going to happen because TA suggests we are due for a correction.
I've been in this game for a long time and it never fails.
Every single time we're due for a correction some FUD comes out.
I don't think it's a conspiracy.
I think it's just the result of a highly complex system.
Kek okay mate
going all in on something ever why the fuck would you put more than %20 of your portfolio on 1 thing?
fucking idiot, hope it goes to 0
Because if I don't get rich in 1.5 years I have to go to med school.
All in is my only shot at salvation
So effect before cause?
that's some tachyon-level shit you're imagining mister einsteinhttps://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Retrocausality
Just about up the daily chart for BAT.
It's painfully obvious a bottom was found.
You shouldn't be so ignorant and dismissive.
It's too complicated for us too understand.
Too many variables.
Point is - solid TA works.
Point is if ta worked you and all your ta buddies would be racing each other in lambos but you aren't so fuck off
Simple, as more and more people see we are due for a correction, more and more people are saying it's going to go down, and so more and more people are blowing out of proportion any bad news to explain why more and more people are saying it's going to go down.There's always some bad news and some amount of FUD going on, it's just that most people only take notice of it when a correction is due.By the way, what your guesstimate of the bottom ?
Oh linkies.
What would the world of cryptocurrencies be without you?
What do, we owe the honour.
The promise of Link seemed glimmering at first.
The premise of 'rent free' was surely innovative and ahead of its time.
But, as time showed us, this coin was nothing more than a pump and dump that inadvertently created the most deranged community of bag holders known to man.
A community that incessantly screeches "rent free" whenever they feel threatened, which is very common.
To be a linkie is to be deranged.
Having lost everything, whether it be your house, marriage, wife's sons college money or life-savings surely takes a toll on the mental serenity of a linkie's mind.
Slight threats critiquing the developers of Chainlink sets the common linkie into a state of neurosis that can only be cured by euthanasia or the eventual revaluing of this godforsaken currency.
However, once the price reaches 10 cents, the value will continue falling.
This crash will be catalyzed by the fact that thousands of wallets will be lost as a mass suicide of linkies, causing the price to dip even further.
Don't be deranged, don't be a linkie.
it's horoscopes.
That's dumb for two reasons, first the money spent on a lambo could be used to make more money, second racing in a car could kill you and it would be retarded to die just before immortality treatments are available, especially since you can afford them due to not buying lambos and making more money.
here's the price of an asset between Aug 2013 and Aug 2014.
Should we expect the price to go up or down from here?
Point is if ta worked you and all your ta buddies would be racing each other in lambosWe are though.
This is a good post.
I am looking at $5500 as a local bottom.Not with FA and training.
I don't know.
What's the asset?
What's the FA?
What time period is this?
Stop posting and start studying.
This is an ignorant post.
What time period is this?
Its in the post.
>I don't know.So, basically TA tells you nothing?
Its in the post.It's not though and this is further evidence of how little you know.
Is it Daily?
1H?
45M (my personal favorite).
Do you realize how silly you're being?
the time period was in that post - > here's the price of an asset between Aug 2013 and Aug 2014and you the expert say> It's not though and this is further evidence of how little you know.
Is it Daily?
1H?
45M (my personal favorite).
you're talking about the interval there, not the period.
hey woth the programme - shouldn't you be studying son?
(ahem - *get with the programme".
i blame the teachers.)
Buy the dip ;p
here's the price of an asset between Aug 2013 and Aug 2014That's not the time period.
Is that chart monthly ?
Weekly?
Daily?
1 Hour?
45 Minutes?I'm done here retard.