link will be out of top 100 soon and with the 0 news and marketing from those 2 faties none will ever know this shitcoin exist the people that still hold it are ico fags and deluded kids when price will drop 5-8% below ico the real unloading will begin get out now or regret forever
>monaco 96Kek, wasnt it in the top 30 a while back?
Fuck this market seriously.
Im out of biz for a while.
poor linkies :)you will never make it to moon
Good, I want to accumulate quietly until the main net is up and running
yes they got justed hard
the way i see it in 1-2 months it will be a great time to buy
i pitty you
I dropped $6k into LINK at $0.16....... this is gonna make me so rich, it's not even funny.
This just doesn't make sense.
Absolute utter shitcoins have higher market cap than LINK.
Welcome to cryptoThanks for the easy $$Bitch
just bought 100k, this should push it under the top 10
I wonder what that says about link...
........You didnt read the update did you anon...
Thanks for the easy $$I turned $250 into $1100 flipping LINK.
You're welcome.
Doesnt change the fact that LINK has the best team in crypto by far.
I don't mind the 6 months setback for a 300x moon mission
THISBut also this...Guess i'll just buy some for 50€, same money i spend for lottery every month.
Aeternity test net will be released this week and main net Q1 2018, Chain-link will not be the first.
No one cares about aeternity.
They aren't working with Swift like ChainLink.
Plus Aeternity's oracle only works for smart contracts built on top of their blockchain.
There is no way existing projects would use Aeternity over Ethereum, BTC, and Hyperledger blockchains.
I own 10k link.
We knew it was gonna be a long term hold.
Im not selling and if it falls further in the next month ill double down.
I doubt there will be big price movements downwards actually.
No matter how hard you FUD, the ADHD degenerates sold long ago.
The real holders don't care and hold strong.
However I also doubt that it goes to the moon very soon.
Regarding the big opportunity costs I find it very legit to sell now.
There is no real reason to hold when you can rebuy in 2 months, probably lower.
I like you anon.
You help me sleep at night
I would be pissed if I went hard into link, but its not even 10% of my hodlings.