Forget 5x, forget 20-30x, I want you to give me the next 100x coin that'll happen in one year.
unrealistic goals: the post
Wabi, then roll profits into chainlink before February
unrealistic, but ELTCOIN might.
Give me your email address, I legit know of one but I'm not done accumulating yet.
BlockMason - 15m marketcap with a working product
ARK by end of 2018
Ripio RCN
acrumford@gmail.com
Your only hope is literally LINK hahaahah
fuck your moon missions.
make 1-2% a day as long as you can
The best realistic chance at this is COSS.
It is equally as likely to move nowhere as it is to be 100x in a year.
If it 'takes off' and starts paying off solid dividends it will sky-rocket.
7mil market cap so 100x is not out of the question.
It could also fail entirely if their exchange redesign isn't good.
EBET
This.
Don't underestimate compounding.
Don't get too greedy either.
tfw Strat went 1000x in half a year and you miss the rideOne chance man.There will never be another Strat :(
Where exactly can you buy this stuff?
ironicallyLINKunironicallyADA
bch
I'm all in on both.
Curious, why before February?
Give it 2 years and BAT.
Deluded
this
Good one
Quantstamp!
IOTA.
nuff said.
WANCHAIN.
You missed the ICO.
Pick it up on Exchanges.
This is a 100x Coin.
Req will 100x if they can pull it off.
I think the market doubts they can pull off their ambitious claims and thus stays away.
coss is the only coin that I think *might* take you to jupiter, if fiat and margin trading is introduced as planned then this could 100x
doge coin
Tell me please: cryptocuck@mail.com
WaBi and Devery
pls advise.
allegragella@gmail.com
Please shoot me an email friendKeyLogginingPaheetNigger@GasTheJews.420
bitbean
ASTRO, easily.
Only needs a 400,000,000 cap
ARtoken, HBT,
This one.
Is half a million market cap last I was accumulating, 50 million isn't unreasonable for what they are trying to achieve
x won't be in 1 year, it'll take 3+
I don't see why a useless company should be worth 700,000,000 Its already overpriced
death2all@nigge.rs
Cryptoassist@gmail.comEmail me your ETH address and I’ll give you 10% of the gains
Chances are it will still be BTC who goes 100x...
IronicallyLinkUnironicallyLink
kys delusional brainlet
UFR, you heard it here first.
m market cap>First to market supercomputer, better than golem which doesn't even have brass>partnerships>phds team>ahead of pipeline>new website soon>literally the only bad thing anyone can say about it is poor marketing>under a buck with same circulating as eth and under 90m hard capI'd name it but nobody will fucking listen to me anyways.
If it 3xs in the near future as expected, then 100x is basically a certainty.
Obviously rlc.
Wish I could afford more than the 1000 that I have.
It'll still be worth a nice amount in a year or two.
definitely iExecwe're not all retarded
porkchop69@protonmail.comif it works out and looks legit ill fuck your butt and write to you in the future with a proper thanks
4391395I didn't think you were but nobody has brought it up yet so I had to err on the side of caution
INXTsure thing

Tron, Dim, an IOTA killer are a few that come to mind.
vertcoin is a possibility.
no reason it can't be in the billions, I'd say 5-10x is likely, beyond is just gravy
BTC
An IOTA killer?
Reminder that if you buy any of the coins mentioned ITT just because anon recommends them, you are literally retarded
Very good question...
I have given this a lot of thought, and after many hours of analyzing both short & longterm trends, my best advice would be to go all in on AnalCoin.
Best of luck OP!
That's what I'd do
its called Safex
NIOVery small marketcap with huge volume
Binance
LINK is the only guaranteed 100x right now.
I expect it to reach ~$20 so probably even more than 100x
PascalcoinGreat tech and small marketcap at this moment.$60 - $100 in 2018 is really possible.That's your 100+ x bagger 2018
Unironically NULS.
Remember all those "$100 NEO by end of year" posts?
Well NULS is better than NEO in every way and is currently less than a dollar.
It also has a smaller total/circulating supply.
That reminds me, I should buy more NULS while it is below $1.00
Zencash
ALTCOM, DYOR