I have an idea that that could change how people worship -and it'd get the average person back to church again.....A "church" where people come and discuss God's influence on their lives.
People can discuss any events in their life that they feel was directed by God, perhaps discussing out loud what they think God's plan for their life could be, or whether or not they believe in God - maybe a Believer was recently converted to an Atheist and that Atheist eats to share his story - or vice versa.
Basically, a place that serves as a forum to discuss our existence, where our lives have taken us and where we wonder it'll lead us next.Imagine that.
Doesn't have a Christian or Muslim bent, just a general gathering to celebrate life.
I think it could be embraced by all demographics far more than a church gathering.Does that have any chance of taking off bros?
Something free that's powered by donations.
Perhaps alcohol/marijuana could be served as well for a social lubricant.
too bad God doesn't exist>inb4 tips fedorathink of something original
pay them in BITBEAN
not realizing that believing in God is the optimal strategy in life with absolutely no downside if done properlyI guess some people just don't want free life gains
Basically, a place that serves as a forum to discuss our existence, where our lives have taken us and where we wonder it'll lead us next.
Bump
here's my fedora>inb4 fedoraDoesn't work like that, fedora.
Does that have any chance of taking off bros?Nope.
because the loudest most obnoxious "believers" be them Mooslim, A-theeist, or Kristen, or pieces of Sikh will dominate the discourse.Unfortunately to make a forum like that work you need some rules that attenuate normal social dynamics and human behavior.
Think about how Parliament/Congress is really just theatre- that's exactly what you want to avoid - so you'd need to design very strict rules and come up with a way of enforcing them to the spirit again and again without it being manipulated by the fads and waves of people coming in.
I suppose you believe in the tooth fairy as well :^)