BCH is literally free falling for the last 2 hours without any resistance.
It's over Jim.
Sell when there are still buyers or you'll end up with heavy bags like during the last BCH pump, didn't you learn anything?
Thanks, bought some moreHitting 2k soon
BTC is literally free falling for the last 2 hours without any resistance.
It's over Jim.
Sell when there are still buyers or you'll end up with heavy bags like during the last BTC pump, didn't you learn anything?ftfy
inb4deadcatbounce
 I think you mean BTC, OP
Exchanging one fork of Bitcoin for another fork which is based on an even older technology.BCH only served purpose as an evacuation raft, it's sinking now, and there are dozens of better altcoins than BCH speed and price-wise.BTC will probably recover as it always does.
Actually quite the opposite is happening with BTC, it has really strong bullish signals on candles and recently did a major jump.
This smelled of coordinate pumping, which was easy to foment once the price and volume fell to where it was just recently.Any small group with a few minor whales could have done this.I'm not participating in this bullshit.
KEK>tfw you put every ounce of power of your portfolio into BCH 4 weeks ago THIS IS BUT A MERE PULLBACK, 3K FAIR VALUE.
>mouth breathing retards ITT think this is a crash
I was breathing through my nose when I read that post.
3k is not a fair value.
BCH is cancerous garbage.
>Bitcoin Classic Closing Down!
| "In 6 Months We'll Drop 'Cash' And Call It Bitcoin"https://futurism.com/bitcoin-classic-shuts-down/
LN futures
Some anon put it nicely a day or two ago, wish I capped it.
Basically yes a p&d.
I’m very impressed though with the amount of shills that we’re sent here and the amount they were able to make it rise.
I’ve never seen it on that level, but when this goes down it’ll go hard.
Shills will be on full damage control to coordinate another pump a few days or a week later.
Don’t touch bch, best to hold whatever you got for a few days, go get some fresh air.
Biz has been pro BCH for months.
Either you stayed contained in your shit link threads or you're a kike shill.
So you're a fresh shill, right?Last few months only threads about BCH were people complaining about not being able to liquidate their heavy as fuck bags from the last pump because nobody was buying.That was the only context in which BCH was ever mentioned.
It's dead son just give it up
It behaves pretty healthy except for the Blockchain issue.I wouldn't put my money in either BTC or BCH at this point, especially in BCH, though.
The only people I saw talking about BCH bags were people who didn't actually have them.
The hodlers themselves didn't complain.
More recently it was people talking about holding cash over 2x and btc and before that consensus was pro bch.
We didn't start having this influx of LN futures shills until bch started pushing past 800.