I just lost my job and want to make ends meet by smuggling cigarettes across state lines.How do I do it without getting caught?I want to smuggle less than 10K cigs to avoid Federal jurisdiction and will only do it once because I need money to pay the rent.I will be travelling with a buddy and am thinking of going from Missouri to California.
Enjoy getting raped in the ass by a Nigg in prison faggot.
What
I actually know a guy who was doing this out of a uhaul truck going to new york and ended up busted and spent years in prison lmao
I always wondered about this.
My biggest concern is buyers.
People that do this need contacts and a network of buyers.
Smuggling is probably the easy part, right?
wtf i thought this was an east europoor / gypsy gig
and wtf are you gonna do with 10k cigarettes in california?i like that the retard got his face in the pic too
and wtf are you gonna do with 10k cigarettes in california?Sell them to sleazy liquor store owners.>i like that the retard got his face in the pic tooIt was an ATF bust, so the guy was already caught.
Fucking terrible idea.If you want to do a one-time run for cash to get you back on your feet, make a contact in the south and drive a car full of weed from CO to ATL.You'll make a fuckton more cash, for not too much more risk.But you won't do it just once.
The money will come fast and easy for the relative effort, and you'll justify it to yourself to make one more run.
You get the idea.
Eventually you'll get caught, have pounds of weed on you, and end up in prison for years.If you're willing to open your ass to the government, just join the military.
Wtf?
Cigs are not illegal.
Are you trolling?
Taxes man.Cali is in the top 10 states for highest cigarette tax.
If you fill your car with thousands of packs of cigarettes, and split the tax margin, you stand to make a few thousand dollars.Not worth years in jail tho.
From what I've heard, the IRA is big into that shit, so join the IRA?
No, but evading tax on said cigarettes is highly illegal...in one state it could be $4.00 a pack, in another state, $12.00 a pack after taxes.
Yes driving the car is the easiest part
Buying and transporting Tobacco across state lines with out proper permits is a fucking federal offense
Only if over 10K cigarettes.
...but still illegal to resell.
The ATF frowns upon that I would imagine.
You'd be better doing VA to NYC than Missouri to Cali.
Less gas/time = less overhead.
Catapult unironically
You can whore yourself doing manual labor gigs for a couple days if you really need money fast