Hi, it's me again.Posted earlier today about not having a single losing trade today and some faggot called me out for using small lot sizes.Well thanks for the motivation, I increased my account by half today.
My goal is to hit a million dollars in the next 2 months.
Don't wish me luck, I don't need it.
Well done , following.Waifu anon here
Enjoy losing money on crypto faggots while I enjoy 10% returns every fucking day.
Bump
90% of individual Forex traders lose 55% of their capital in 1 year, french SEC study saysEnjoy being lucky while it last, winning consistently on Forex as an individual is proven almost impossible, let alone 10% per day
"Proven"Lol
Ah the Forex.
Brings back memories.
bump, tell me more about your forex adventures op
What do you want to know?
what platform do you use, your technique, ect.
actually do you have links to your old threads?
If you're talking about me I never said you needed to increase your lot sizes.
I said you needed to fix your pip risk to reward ratio.
Completely different things.
4405337how much do i need
 It's possible but just really difficult.
Even when you know what to do you can still lose or miss out due to emotions and hesitating or being impatient.
What a gay thread.
You're going to wipe your account out you dunce.
Why do you think that?
HOW?!
?i have negative balance since i started trading forex, was actually thinking of changing to crypto beacuse more volatility and there is no fucking high frequency trading ( i think)
also, what platform/broker you use?
i am kinda new at crypto but been in forex for 3 years (already passed the phase of indicators and useless bullshit)
I use Pepperstone.
Their Razor account gives me almost 0 spreads and their cTrader is awesome.
Would recommend.What strategy have you been using in Forex?
How exactly do you trade?
Which pairs?I've come to accept that way too much in Forex is hidden from us daytraders that using fundamental analysis only is almost impossible if we're to make money.
Now I use simple chart analysis where I try to look at patterns using Renko bars.
only trade eur/usd, i don't trade fundamentals, only "technical analisis".
I have a thing where i trade with progression.
Like i do 10 trades and point them out, then if it is negative i trade more units on the next 10 trades.
It would be great with higher volatility but i think the forex market is "rigged".
Looking forward to try that strat in crypto (applying price action in every trade, of course)
Also currently working on an EA based on my strategy.
Still in testing phase, tried it for the first time today.Pic related.
Not too shit, but nowhere near enough testing done to have a proper idea of its results.
If it works fine, I'll post it on here soon and share it with you guys.
Also, I'm OP in case you didn't get it yet.
it's a scalping/money management strat
...oh, you are?
so you trade forex and crypto?what EA you use?
20's?
A few thousand.
You are going to lose every time like this.
EA = Expert Advisor = Bot/script I got coded that does my forex trading for me automatically.
I use Pepperstonei was asking about a platform to trade crypto.I know how to buy bitcoins and stuff but never seen a good broker for crypto coins.
Are you thinking of moving averages?
implying it's possible to profit long-term in forex in any other way
 the way you're trading sounds retarded and sure way to bust your account
i was thinking he was saying EA = exponential moving average.
Anyway, how do i like buy and short crypto coins?
can you give me a reference for me to search ?
Is there anything on Robinhood I can buy for 5 dollars?
Just looking to putz around with some small trades to get a feel for it.
Find a broker with low minimum deposits.
Pepperstone has $200 for the razor account and $0 for the standard one if memory serves me right.
Get a demo account first, play with it, try to get hang of stuff such as how leverage works, the platform, etc.
Afterwards is when I'd recommend trading with real money.
But don't wait too long before investing real money, because at least for me personally I lose motivation learning on play money.
You don't have to invest a large amount, start with a $100 as a learning experience, if that's an amount you're comfortable with losing.
Otherwise play demo.
This was meant for: 
Any advice for us less talented investors?
MUH FOREX DErP>MUH TA CHARTS>Only 900$ profit>uses /biz to validate feelingsKek im done
You are probably in the top .1% performing of Forex traders, someone doing equally well in crypto would have even higher gains.
That said stick with whatever works for you, you'd think if you were good at one you'd be good at the other but it doesn't necessarily work out like that.
traded forex for 5 years and actually made money.
ama.i don't do as much forex anymore due to crypto being insane, but 15% of my investment is still there.
rest is crypto and a few stocks/etfs
 It kind of does.
>he fell for the forex scamUnless you are using big money and 2x leverage tops you are getting scammed
 Which pairs did you focus on?
What was your pip risk to reward ratio?
Which platform did you use?
2x leverage I'm not even sure how much leverage I can use but it's an insane amount.
"insane"Don't know why anyone would stay in forex amd miss these fucking gains bro.Leave them behind, don't look back.
euro/usd, pound/yen.
never more than 1% of capital and i first use forexpro but then when i was more experienced oanda.
someone doing equally as well in crypto would have higher gains.Nah dude.
As someone with a stats engine plugged directly into forex via a hedge's seat, you should see the amount of money that moves within minutes.
I'm all about that SEC regulated, pure liquid movement.
The word market cap means nothing to a liquidity manager
also sorry, i've had a few drinks tonight.
NewbeeCan someone tell me how to get money into bittrex so i can start trading?
Forex gives up to 500 leverage.
I don't know where people got the idea you can't make insane gains in Forex.
I think you can make the highest gains out of crypto, stocks, etfs etc in Forex due to $4 trillion daily liquidity, insane leverage available, and volatility.
thats the point.. the leverage should be an indicator you are getting scammedoh they love suckering you out of your money
i'm gonna lay out my trade strat for you anon.
take it however you like, but i did this for years and was successful.
i worked night jobs and would be home around the time the european market would open.every sunday night i would use horizontal lines for the sunday open, the weekly average range high and lows and then throughout the week mark the daily high and lows.
i'd then use rsi and stochastics to to really only look for divergences and then trade fibonacci/harmonic patterns.
it was tedious bullshit, easy work but it made money.
it's kinda incredible that i would actually make money doing something so fucking easy.
if you ever even mention what you do to people they would think you're some kind of genius and always follow up with questions about what to do which is why i stopped actually going into detail what i did.
Dude says naaaaahhhh.
Stay deluded.Crypto shits on forex 10 out of 10 times, my man.>tfw 200%, 500%, 4000% up on most investments.
>tfw only winning in crypto since started 1 year ago.
If you arent retarded that is.
well you're right about one thing.
it is rigged.The whales can see where all the orders in the order book are.
So they'll move the market to hit all the stops, then reverse.I wish I could find a way to take advantage of it, but they don't always do their tricks.for example instead of buying on a breakout play, put your sell order right where its supposed to break out.
then watch the price just tank because that's where everyone's buy orders were
not correct.
it used to give really good leverage but dodd frank act reduced most us brokers to 50:1.
My goal is to hit a million dollars in the next 2 months.Waifu anon heretopkek
 Only if your account is created in the US.
And 1:50 is far more than reasonable leverage anyway.
trading with more leverage than that is suicide anyway.It's no fun to get a margin call on your account 3 seconds into a trade
it's bullshit anon.
if people are willing to throw their money way in some uneducated trade, someone like me is affected?
tight stop losses and money management will prevent any kind of margin call.
there are several lot sizes for different capital investments.
it shouldn't hinder my trading what some retard is doing.
Finally another for example trader I thought I was the only one in 4chan lol.
Doubt you will meet your goal, your to over confident.
But I wI'll follow this thread nothing is impossible.
"educated" lol.
leverage at that level amplifies random noise.
You're basically gambling the 1 minute charts at those leverage levels.and the way stop losses work with bid/ask spread you'll get forced out of a trade you didn't want to exit with a tight stop
very nice.
I think we have the same approach.
assuming this community is good at making a profit in crypto500:1 leverage, legitimately cannot move the market even when moving $50bn+ at a time, and its regulated, unlike crypto which has the ability to get volatile on a single tweet from a pajeet.
There is a reason banks won't touch crypto with a 39.5 ft pole.Anyone who says they make any sustainable amount of money on forex with less than 1 million dollars is most likely fooling you.
They don't have direct access and are getting fee'd out the ass by their broker.
Only way is hitting high probability of all trades made.
Our software trades every single trend above 99% probability and those gains are daily %'s on large amounts.
If I need to write some simple code out to explain how much the big players are making daily on forex with 1%-10% daily gains, I will, because crypto can't touch it.
1 min chartsorry, didn't do that.
at the very least it was 30 min charts and that was mostly looking for confluence on 1h/4h.
the 1 min chart people are fucking animals.
forexfactory and the circles i ran in during those years, i didn't meet anyone that successful at 1min charts.
either way, never risk more than 1% of your capital per trade.
even with 1 min charts and due diligence, you should be successful if you're applying appropriate fundamental/technical analysis.
60% success rate is really good if you have proper money management.
shut up faggot I bet you lose money in forex 100%and OP, you are annoying as shit
You're saying you used 500x leverage?
I'm sorry I don't understand your point about leverage
i didn't trade using 1 min charts.
sorry like i said i've been drinking.
i would adjust my lot size appropriately to my stop losses so that it was no more than 1% of my investment.whatever anon.
ask me anything.
i literally gave out how i used to trade.
Mind sharing your strategy early?
I play with forex but haven't really come up with a solid strategy besides buying/selling on market overreactions which aren't super easy to come across unless you use a bot that can read news.
take geppy for instance.
huuuge volatility and swings.
for those trades you would have to certainly adjust lot sizes.
there's just no way for the hundred+ pip stop losses you would chart.
delusional m810% gains is shit, kys
haha that's the thing.
before crypto, 5-10% a day was like fantastic.
what a meme
I mean I personally don't care what "educated" gibberish he spouts to make forex seem better for gains.
More stable, sure.
How could anyone sit here and talk about muh 500x leverage when I'm sitting here with multiple coins, ranging from 50% - 4000% increase, that are going nowhere but up.
I mean is it really that hard for you poor-fags to be patients, find a dip, and just watch it pump from "tweets".
It's orgasmic.
tfw under 30 and already successful.
You're not successful until you cash out.
lmao you have a good week and brag about 6k.
give it a month and youll have 1 whole btc lil guy
4408139You are both retarded, theres no chance any of you have ever made a profitable trade
why would I let it sit in a bank for ameri-fags to use?
Even on my worst days I'd rather see it in crypto than USD lol
I don't understand why it has to be a competition between forex or crypto.
Trade whichever one you want, or trade both if you like too.
You're defending it as if you're the owner of all crypto in the world and your reputation is tied to cryptos reputation.Like, chill.
HERP DERP ETH at 190>oh yeah IOTA at 15cents>or maybe monero at 1 dollarthe list goes on, buddy.Have fun with your 10% brainlet
for example instead of buying on a breakout play, put your sell order right where its supposed to break out.
the "contrarian" strategy...already tried it, it's weird thinking about how "not to trade"
participation award go to your safe space and pray to Allah you sand nigger.
EVERYTHING is a competition.
buying 'muh tech' shitcoin is tradingId like to see your losses, but you wont show me the truth.
I bet you are hard down on satoshi count
 >muh 100 btc is now worth $700k after feesabsolutely laughable.
Im not sure you know how percentages work.
This guy gets it.
I ain't getting on my phone because I'm a lazy ameri-fag but my biggest loss was TENX fucking POS bought it at 5$ LOLOLOL
Our software trades every single trend above 99% probability...what are you selling?
(rhetorical question, pls don't)
 You're the guy that's the fucking joke in this thread.
You have posted nothing of value.
You are most likely broke.
Forex trader baby boy mad about not maximizing gains in the wild west of crypto that it is.my gains are noted, still waiting on ODN to pop for more but I'm sitting comfy af for someone under 30.
"sucessfull" >dady's moneytfw almost 30, still a pleb
Why would I be mad about it?
If you have traded forex as you say and have watched the books, you know exactly what im doing goy.This pajeet is legit triggered that he can't play in the big leagues.
coming from the guy whos never made a 1000% profit KEK
Do you know how compound interest works?Great job you made a 1000% non-compounded gain on your $10 investment.
i am confused, rabbi.
Do you do high frequency trading?
that's pretty rare market.Either that or you have automatic trading software crap
you mean hard earned money?
Wagecuck server in one of the richest cities in the US.
Even without crypto I'd be fine, 40 hours a week, but i'd manage.My parents are poor af, I'd never rub my crypto gains in their face.
Gotta help the senpai with bills tho.
Only invest with thousands, gotta start somewhere.
Who the fuck invests under 1k per coin/stock?its called a CREDIT CARD!
4408451Again, dont think you know how percentages work, and lel at a $1k capital investment.Looking to get into HFT (need courage to drop millions on hardware/infrastructure), simply software trading a low intervals (1 min, 3 min, 5 min, 15 min) on many different exchanges.
Specifically Forex just allows us to engage in every single trend without fear of market moving.
Ok bro.
You seem to have some issues that require you to seek validation, in this case you've attached your value to your crypto gains and you seem to have to defend crypto to defend yourself.
You're not crypto.
Just because someone has more or less money than you doesn't mean they're better or worse than you, it only means they have more or less money.Good luck in your crypto gains, if I see an opportunity in it I'll join.
I don't have anything personal against it.
Don't take stuff so personally, develop such a personality that your identity is only tied to yourself.
Can you tell me more about your strategy?
I'm interested.
What's your win rate?
R:R ratio?
damn big boy who laughts at 10k profit off 1k investment.
Sorry you don't come across these and capitalize on them DAILY compared to your 3 years for 15% return.daily reminder, I turned 3k into 30k in 3 months.I'll see you moon in 2018... if you can make it.
It's not money until you cash out.
just sold 100k, thanks
Are you this autistic?
Learn to trade with other peoples money and continually make 4% compounded DAILY interest over 2 straight years then get back at me.
Literally zero monetary investment to hedge fund status.simple algo to start and has evolved since then into a full genetics algorithm.
For trend/statistical prediction we have a custom oscillator and also utilize a simple williams r%.
At this point he has seen so many trading days, that he has learned to adopt other indicators when necessary.
Each and every trend is mapped and we only engage when probability for any profit is above 99%.
Dude who wrote it is a genius.
Do you guys sell the algo?
Giving it to a fellow /biz/nessman won't make you poorer, it'll just increase wealth for all of us.
nah, I'm good making my retirement money by moving coins around riding the next pump.
You don't need to learn anything with what I do, doesn't that upset you?
Doesn't it infuriate you that someone with no financial experience is making mad gains just because he played runescape?
This is the grand exchange IRL NOOB!
I wish it were that simple.
Only way in at this point is to find my firm and enter as an LP/accredited investor on the commodities/equities side.The good shit in the algo world is private as fuck and typically controlled by (((them)))
he is larping
not reallyNever know with this dumbass board.
gotta be up early!
I'm pretty sure you are, or you wouldn't be defensive about how you do you.
>muh commodities>muh tulips 2.0get rekt when all the money leaves forex and all you can do is barter for food.
No coiner.