I'm a Chinese person based in Hong Kong.
I have an earlier Chinese version of the white paper.
Been talking about this since it was .17 on Binance.
Can also find this on telegram.WP Summary for you GuysFrom what I have gathered from WP they provide customizable backends in the form of side chains to chinese enterprise.
There are aspects of neo in that it can be a platform, aspects of walton, as they provide supply chain logistics, and aspects of ven as they provide an anticounterfeiting protocol.
All of those features are already present in their parent chain.Partnered with inchain already.They have some kind of deal with a huge chinese payroll and accounting firm.
Elephant Alliance is one of the largest Chinese conglomerates in mainland China.Anyway, this is all I can present you with.
I have been in it now since it hit Binance.
This is as good as Neo... maybe even better.Good luck anon.
rofl you type the same way as the samefagging shilldefinitely not falling for this
I fucking love this coin!
Who?
I don't get it?
"Fell for making 10x"Oh geeze jokes on me I guess.
4261660wow you're still doing itplease stop ffs
Part of one belt one road initiative
Read their code on their Github page.
It's a bunch of filler, unfinished crap with more than one instance of a "Hello World" program hidden in plain sight.
Yea that is also correct, I don't have any idea why biz is rude when I'm trying to help.
I understand the kind of morons here but ok do your own research and invest.
I'm just giving information.
What the fuck are you talking about.
Get in NULS or be JUST'd
I'm not technical but why should I take your word over a team of actual people who are in big partnerships with Chinese companies.
There are more than 1 Chinese personidiot
you're in every thread samefagging.
its fucking pathetic
Wtf do accounting sidechain mean the main token is more valuable?
Sure this company might make it but tokens are not stock.Scam until you prove value to token holders.
I have one user ID in this (or any) fucking thread if you think Im the other poster you dipshit
Oh yeah!
It's juicin up.
:3
Don't take my word, go look at it yourself.https://github.com/nuls-io/nulsIt's like an unfinished school project.
I'm the OP from last night that talked about NULS.
It was severely undervalued (was 9m cap when I bought), so I gave the shill a shot and went ham.
I knew it'd at least double but didn't expect it to rise so quick.
Cashed out and now am /comfy/.
A $40m valuation on a coin with no wp, no team, and no roadmap is insane.Team is supposedly delivering the WP tomorrow, so that should be good for those who bought at the high today.For it to go to $2, though, it needs to have an $80m market cap.
Not even VeChain (established partnerships) has that MC yet.
Sidechain is being handled by InChain.
Partnership with Nuls.
Bad pasta fud
I'm the OP from last night that talked about NULS.
It was severely undervalued (was 9m cap when I bought), so I gave the shill a shot and went ham.
I knew it'd at least double but didn't expect it to rise so quick.
Cashed out and now am /comfy/.
A $40m valuation on a coin with no wp, no team, and no roadmap is insane.Team is supposedly delivering the WP tomorrow, so that should be good for those who bought at the high today.For it to go to $2, though, it needs to have an $80m market cap.
Not even VeChain (established partnerships) has that MC yet.
Literally been proven false.
go donate to last night's op since you worship him so much.
You sir are not op last night, im OP last night and i said buy buy 40K%.
We're over a dollar again!Get in guys.
Price confirmation just happened.
is it p-priced in?
OP from this thread.
Thanks for talking about it over on anon if you really are the person.
I appreciate it.
He called me on it for some reason in another thread.
He's just trying to FUD to get in at a lower price.
Or he is mental.
One of the two.
I'm the anon that has been shilling both threads.
Got some sick gets too.
Are you Based Whale anon?
Wooooo doggy it keeps going
Is NULS a parody coin?
because I am laughing my ass off at reading the website.>POC>Proof-of-Credit is the default consensus mechanism of NULS (no other information given)I'm laughing so hard.
Thanks for making the efforts to share this info.Don't bother these fools.
They are destined to be poor forever.