Round 2
Is this the latest anti-BCH meme fad?
Risky
Your coin doesn't matter to us anymore and no one's wasting their time on an "anti-bch".
It's dead.
Get over it.
dropping harder than shequel shit is real
whats the floor?
$1000, if that.
You're seeing it stabilize.
You had a bit of exuberance FOMO from 500-$2500, with a drop to 800 after fud.
It'll drop if BTC accelerates, but long term you're seeing growing adoption.
I wouldn't bother playing games trying to guess the dips.
Decide if Bitcoin Cash has a future or not, then get in and stay in.
am retarded
 First they ignore you (round 1)> Then they laugh at you (round 2)> Then they fight you (round 3)> Then you win
Im a noob and sold $1500 BTC and put it in BCH this morning.
Now i'm down like $150...Will BCH come back up or should i just put everything back in BTC and cut my losses?
pls help
down to 1060 first
I have no idea, but you could always go 50/50.
then what?
Just hold, forget about it for three weeks then come back and see the profits.
It's rank #3 in the crypto world and it's not going anywhere.
It will surpass ethereum soon and I'm expecting $3000+ prices in a few weeks.
Check out r/btc for growing adoption and projects.It's going to be picked up by Bitpay which is really bullish news.Soon you'll see more exchanges and other websites and projects adopting it.
If you kill your enemies, they win.
Have you guys considered the possibility that BCH whales are driving this price fluctuation to pull speculators into their market?Bitcoin Trash has gone up and down by nearly 50% in the last couple of days.That kind of insane volatility is how people make money.Whales are manipulating the price to try and bring FOMOers in and actually give their market some liquidity.
Don't get caught holding "bootleg chinese bitcoin" bags.Invest in a REAL coin like PANTENE (ICO is launching tomorrow and devs are guaranteeing a 20x within the first two weeks).
fucking kill yourself
Up to 1500 or 1800 according to most traders
Alright im gonna hold and stay all in with BCH for at least a week and see what happens.
hey cuck how about you buy FENX or your mom will shit the bed in her sleep tonight
It's over, everyone knows BCH isn't going to make it now.
Some day traders are still playing the game with it.To be honest I really think that in an alternate universe where the Korean exchange didn't go down as BCH approached 0.5 the flippening might really have happened, but it missed it's one chance and has way less volume now.