We're headed back to the moon, get in here faggots.
XMR is king.
Once little Timmy's poorfag aunts and uncles heard about his huge gainzzz this weekend they're all gonna be on the xmr train.
probably 200 in a week
A privacy coin leaking IP / DNS adress.
No thanks.
where did you hear that nonsense?
Even if that WERE true, doesn't actually matter.
That's not even what the problem was, but it's being fixed soon.
Fuck off.Monero is seriously the most comfy coin, especially right now.
On to $200+ we go.
guy probably just had a bad drug deal in darknet :P
Wrong.
Do some research and quit acing retarded
Its a privacy coin that encourages people to find flaws in it's security so that said flaws can be fixed.They are damn near the OpenBSD of coins.
verge retard that doesn't have a clue about anything dedected.
GO GO GO Ethereum
45217074521908Be nice to the poor vergin.
I'd he didn't have his massive salt pile, he'd have nothing at all.It's not too late.
You still have a year minimum before people realize xmr is the one true crypto
isn't verge just like a bitcoin/litecoin over tor?Like nothing else?
PnD round 2?
Why didn't I get the memo?
Who authorized this?
isn't verge just like a bitcoin/litecoin over tor?more like a doge over torliterally meme
does it hurt being this stupid?
Holy fuck he is already back
satoshis vision XMR doesn't stopwas literally thinking about taking profit and but nah XMR is God
We will hit $1000 by this time next year.
I'm not taking any profits till at least $230
$250 quit being a bitch, then only sell half because in 6 months we'll be at $500
?
This coin is going to1k
To the guy who said $1k early next year was impossible.Stay poor
I only got 7 XMRsucks to be poor
on the daily graph it's overbought , i doubt it's going to moon anytime soon
Pullback to 146 the moonshot
coinbase will be adding new coins 2018, pretty sure monero will be one of themhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XSDdnVJY0Qk
Dude if so holy hell we are going to another planet
yeah 2018 is still more than a month away, so the daily graph wont be the same for sure.
coinbase will be adding new coins 2018, pretty sure monero will be one of them>https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XSDdnVJY0Qk [Open]Can you post screenshot of video?