I'll start$1,000
>going back upBitcoin maximalists coping this hard lmao
$4000i give up im going to go get a job bye fagsthis board was better before this pnd shitfuck you guys
it's still dropping fag
It's almost at $7k again.
buy bch fag
how do u lose 4000?
hashrate on bch decreasing, why would miners not mine it if it was profitable?
because they know its a pnd and are not switching to bch
It's going down to 4k.
Just watch.
Nothing except countless nervous cells.
I think I'm getting used to it.
This is fucking well done for you.I'm not a cynic bastard, but sometimes it feels good to see panic selling cunts like you eating the dust.
oh god you will lose even more if you buy back now.
you think it's over?the price never steady risesand so it never steady dumpsso please for the love of corewatch the charts and wait for a uptrend
LOOK, I'M ALREADY DOWN OKAY??
YOU DON'T HAVE TO FUCKING HUMILIATE ME!!
I haven't sold yet - waiting for going up enough so at least I won't lose anything.
I don't think it will keep dropping without going up at least few times
going back up
Now that bitcoin is going back upHahaha this is only the beginning.
I'm expecting 5000
Down to below 6800

>btc>going back upHardly ever again lads
Blockstream Bitcoin is dropping.
Bitcoin is up 25%, trading currently at 772 USD
Stupid fuck can’t read a graph
4282030Just fucking relax and don't make stupid move.
Like buying the top of the BCH right now.
Just HODL btc, maybe buy some more if it hits -5000, but just go on with your life.
How about ETH?
>mdw it's absolutely impoosible to sort out if it will dump or go up
Also wondering about this.
Everyone is talking about it in the media, which makes suspect it's nothing.
damn BTC just had another dip, but look at the amount of people wanting to buy and sell.
Just sold my 2 BTC now.
Zero loss, made $200.
I shoulda sold at the peaks instead of HODLing.
Do what you can to avoid losses mate.
According to a book I read, the investors who make the most money over the years are the ones who focus on avoiding losses rather than aiming for gains.
Why would you sell now?
Also, God woke me up wtih a wet dream bout my mother.
I literally came in my pants which hasn't happened in years.
God did this so I would avert losing money on this shit bitcoin.
Thank you, lord.
prob because he is fearing BTC going down more, and he still had his gain
shit...over 10 billion dollars got pulled out of the crypto market in a matter of hours.
i was afraid of this, smart money getting out, not good.
What the fuck is everyone complaining about?
BTC is 6900+ this morning.
How is this a crash?
I wouldn't be surprised if this goes as low as $5k.
I bought 1 coin at $5.9k and 1 at $6.9k, had to sell now to avoid loss.Then again, I could be wrong.
Maybe it will bounce back up above $7k shortly after this.
I prefer to avoid losses 100% of the time than "miss out" on a change to gain.
It keeps dropping.
Hope you got out ok.
lol, nice FUD nocoiner.
eat shit.
Wouldn't put a satoshi in it right now.
uh oh
I wouldn't sell now, it seems like it has settled down.
The amount of people wanting to buy now is way more than people wanting to panic sell.
Welp.
I avoided loss and pulled out my BTC, feeling comfy and will go to sleep now.
just stating a fact, retard.
Don't wait for t0o big of a dip to buy.
There are millions of normies waiting to buy since they missed out the first time and think this is easy money.
This is every fork though.
You sell before, you buy back a bit cheaper after.
We've talked about this for weeks.
thinks the fork is still happening
What are you saying?Buying the red?
Are you crazy?This is /biz man, we only buy the green and sell the red.Better be buying the top of the BCH right now, so we'll make it.
I'm not some smart investor.
I'm a bag holder that got in early and just sits on it.
I take it out at high risk times.
Oh my god, do I sell or hold?
I've already lost 1200usd
THIS IDK
So you're completely out of bitcoin now?
How is that possible?
What did you buy at?
BITCOIN SURGING IN 15 MINUTES
Yeah, since last week.
>margin bought the dip
Have you sold or do you still have them?
10 billion got pulled out no it didn't you fucking retardthis is why market cap is meaningless.
Because every fucking retard on the planet doesn't understand what it means.market cap is the absolutely MAXIMUM VALUE able to be POTENTIALLY represented by a commodity and cannot EVER BE REACHED in transactional liquidity.when 20,000 bitcoins are sold between a range of 7200 and 6800 approximately 400*20000 = $8,000,000 was pulled out of the bitcoin market.
When only .001% of all bitcoins are listed within 5% of the market price .
.
.
MARKET CAP DOESN'T MEAN SHIT
Good man
Fuck you !!
Give me my money back!!
Buy high sell low anon, you know what to do.
It's the biz way.
I made $100, but I almost made $600 so let's pretend I lost $500 so I can be part of your club
Did you buy bitcoin yesterday?
I consider any BTC price over $2000 a crazy bonus
I want to go out, what is stable enough to take refuge in?
red means stop, don't buygreen means go go go!hahahahahahaha
I should have put more in originally, and now too hesitant to buy at a higher price.
Still made some good gains though.
I had a bunch from when I did drugs and then I quit drugs and then kinda forgot about it and it started appreciating.
I didn't lose anything but i havent gained it either.
Stupid sleep
Is there a safe coin where I can put my money ?
Btc, 6 months ago or further
No I don't want to baghold
NO NO NO NO NO PLEASE GOD NO!
WENT ALL IN ON 7600 FOR $60K FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK.
SOMEONE PLEASE TELL ME IT WILL BE ALRIGHT PLEASE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Cash?
Especially if you have been holding for over a year and only have to pay capital gains.
DOGE
NOOOOOOOOOYOU GIVE MEE MY MONEY BACK PLSSSSSSSSSSTHE DIP WAS SUPPOSED TO BE OVER
CME, etf, etc.
you'll be fine although BCH will deliver bigger gains from now on..
What is etf?
Buy high, sell low is a genuine investment strategy.You want for your coins to be valuable, and not crap.If you see green candles, that means the coin is worth a lot.
That's what you want.
Buy as many as possible.If it goes red, then it's not worth junk anymore.
You don't want to hold onto a shitcoin npbody wants in your portfolio, so it's time to sell.Had you bought DGB in March when it pumped to 60 sat and sold after citi when it dropped to 1000 sat, you would have made a 16x return on investment (closer to 20x in fiat value as bitcoin made some gains as well).Don't be a Digimarine.
Buy high, sell low.
you fucking what?
maybe this really is the top then if people are going all in for 60k between the all time high and the previous all time high of 2 days priorjesus dude.
you'll be fine .
.
.
.
eventually.
but at least one of those coins you bought was mine hahaha
TURT GET IN HERE!!!!!!!!!
Oh there was a double top?
That's not good is it?
Better get your shovel (we're going under the chart)
Financial vehicle for boomers to invest through their regulated brokers they can call on the phone
127.46k thanks to Best pump and dump group https://discord.gg/XEmadRR
Isn't that highly regulated?
How are coins going to say lmao let's fork if it's all regulated?
They boomers money is still in USD so it can be regulated.
It's like buying a gold or oil ETF.
ive just bought cos i cant take it no longer, off to take a long nap now
So 5000 by Monday?
Unless you got serious balls I'd wait to buy back in until after the fork dust settles.
But I'm a pleb.
There's no fork.
There will be no fork.
What's the reverse of a moon?
Boomers will never own actual bitcoins, they're essentially buying and selling shares of their bitcoin-buying brokers.
It's actually much more dangerous than buying bitcoin (you compound volatility of crypto with the pitfalls of traditional investing), but try telling a boomer that.
A tunnel
Are there coin mutual funds yet?
Comfiest bitcoin holder hereIf I sell all my BTC for BCH and BCH wins, I get back to $7500.If I sell all my BTC for BCH and BCH loses, I get back to $0.If I hodl all my BTC and BCH wins, I stay at $7500 bc BCH = BTCIf I hodl all my BTC and BCH lsoes, I stay at $7500 bc BTC still BTC>do nothing>win>Thank yall for yall time!
So we wait?
this isn't the big one but that dude isn't going to be in the green for at least a month.
Not that big of a deal I've got 30k thats been stuck on the sidelines for a couple months and I'm not sweating it.
but he's automatically gonna make 1/3rd less profit on the next upswing than he would have with a little patience.
I fuckin bought literally minutes before the decent.
Was gonna convert to bch.
Fuck.
Not time.
Wagecuck gotta go.
5 hours later.Fuck me.
I got several dozen BTC, and I'm waiting.
As a general thing, BTC+BCH=$7200.
If BTC=$2000, then BCH=$5200.
You only lose what you sell I am HODLing even if it takes a year I'm not gonna lose.Might put another 2k into crypto in the meantime but I never traded alts before
It won't go down in one straight line for fuck sake.
But we do have a retrace started.
Yeah I just opened an exchange account I want to fund so I can buy some alt's but fuck this it's too crazy right now.
I'll lose $500 in just the time it takes to buy the alt coins.
Time to buy in now or should I wait longer?
Any real chance to reach 5k?
Yes there is a decent chance.
Nah.
The charts show that it's on its way back up.
4283327Hmm okay then
BACK UPAHAHAHAAHAHAHAAHAHAHAAHAHAHAAHAHAHAAHAHAHAAHAHAHAAHAHAHA
I fear sold in September with the dip down to $3000.
I want to die everyday.
I bought more at 6800 cause I'm special kind of retard.
I also bought at 7.
And 7.4.
And 6400.
I just put it offline wallet.
Probably doing it wrong.
I went all in and sold all my btc at 7400.
Itll drop to 5000 and recorrect itself and then ill buy back in.
After it hits the 5000s its up to 10000 from there.
You fags are all retarded
I'm inclined to agree with this anon
BITCOIN CASH IS NOW KING BITCH
being this fucking degenerate.
>going back upThat's a bounce.
We're going sub 5k baby.
Thank you drugs
hashrate on bch decreasing
SHIT last night I bought $1k (A lot for me) at 7200, but it's still pending from my bank.
Can I cancel it?
Says the coins are supposed to arrive in 6 days.
Anybody else getting cucked by coinbase?
not letting me send bitcoin (address invalid)
You lost $4000 trading this morning?
Yeah you suck at this.
But you’ll get better.Onetime in 2014 I lost 60% of my money in 45 seconds.
this happens all the time when btc crashes, they want to freeze their assets so everyone doesn't cash out the money they've already spent, you're forced to hold now buddy.
It's good to hear you didn't give up though, Congrats man.What was the story?
My Coinbase order from last night hasn't cleared...
If I call my bank and block the transfer, will I be OK?
Will Coinbase blacklist me?
Better lube up and bite a piece of leather
thought that was the case.
at least i got most of my stack in bch last night.
those coinbase jews are getting extra gas on dotr :^)
extra gas on dotrWhat does it say that I though of /pol/ before I thought of ethereum
It's good to see you also autistically name your reaction images for faster shitposting.
i think le 'tism is all i got going for me - that and catching that monster bch pump last night
I missed out
what did you order
probably btc
yeah i had to use mobile device and scan my qr code from exchange and it worked fine after 20 mins it arrived
yea but like more detailshow many, at what price

unironically this is how i finally started making money with altcoins, buy uptrends, sell when shit is about to go down
how do you know?
Put all coins that you find interesting in blockfolio and watch it every fucking day, if something starts going up more then the usual swing go in
I meant the down
desu I don't think it'll go lower than 6800
No one 'knows'.
We all guesstimate and hope that we're right more often than we're wrong
If it stops rising and is trying to find a baselevel on a point that's way too high in your eyes you pull out.
if its going back down you win, if it goes further up you still made profit so you win anyways
ichimoku clouds and bollinger bands
This is what we call a dead cat bounce.
Going all in>At ATHWell done, I see you've been learning from /biz/
would i be retarded for buying now, or retarded for not buying now, never invested in crypto
Our advice is to sell the lows and buy the highs.
It's how we do business around here.
but will the rocket refuel?
or are we still falling?
BTC+BCH is unchanged.
Holding BTC is the least risky play (though that's not saying much in crypto)
I bought 7500usd of fairy money off coinbase yesterday.
Apparently it takes 12 days to process?
Ridiculous amounts of FUD going on right now.
Long-term, Bitcoin is guaranteed to go up significantly.
Stop being scared little bitches and just HODL
the worst part is not being spread out in multiple exchanges, still stuck in bitstampand i've read others' stories about how bitstamp starts interrogating you when you try to move your first BTC or try to cash outstill waiting to make decent gainz to move muh BTC but don't wanna be locked in questioning for days, so i missed out the BCH hype and a ton of shitcoins that already peaked
HAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
THATS ACTUALLY GOOD FOR YOU NOW, YOU WONT BE ABLE TO PANIC SELL UNTIL THE DIP IS OVER
I want to buy soon, but fucking GDAX is slow as shit.
It says 4 days to transfer and it's been 2, but they say it'll be available on 11/17.FUCK YOU ASSHOLES I WANT TO GET IN BEFORE THE FORK, FUCK
I'm verified on Bitstamp.
I've moved thousands of dollars worth of BTC off their site.
To multiple wallets.
Guys can you please tell me the price is going to go back over 7500.
I am literally having a panic attack right now i bought so much at 7500.
Please comfort me.
Don't worry.
It'll be doubling in price soon.http://www.cmegroup.com/media-room/press-releases/2017/10/31/cme_group_announceslaunchofbitcoinfutures.html/
The funniest thing about you dumb faggots is you haven't even noticed every time a BTC block is found the price of BCH rises a bit.Guess what is happening before your very eyes?
The flippening.There's still time to jump on but you'd better fucking hurry.
The memepool is at 71k transactions so you'll have to pay a shit ton just to get into a block, better than losing 80% of your value though.
Thank you sweet jesus.
Everything is going to be alright.
Everything will be okay.
I will get my money back.
I will get my money back.
I will get my money back.
Oh you hear /biz/ say it's the flippening?
Doesn't matter because this place is only full of retards that have no clue what they're doing.
BCH is a nothingcoin destined for failure.
LOL the butthurt denial is hilarious, I guess someone has to lose for me to make these sweet gains.
Yep.
It's going back to 5k.
WE CRASHING THIS PLANE WITH NO SURVIVORS
You stupid prick actually bought a whole BTC while BCH is far less expensive and by this time next year, will be worth half of blockstreams shitcoin.
You deserve to be poor.
PLEASE NO NO MORE PLEASE
>tfw watching segwit versus cash while all in monero
Lul @ this guy
MFW i sold an hour before crash
It's over right?
It hit 6500 support just as predicted.
It's going to moon now right?
Right?
Now that BTC is going back up
Get your money back buy getting in on the ZCG moon on etherdelta, screenshot this fgts
Not back up, but backup.
That entire growth line was supported by scammy forks.Forget about it.
see you at 1k, suckas.
remember, BTC will eventually delist from echanges, because miners will stop mining it and go for BCH.
the transactions will become too slow for exchanges to keep using it.
BITCOINERS REKT.
should've listened you cucks.
Lmao BTC is bound to drop to 6.5k you can't deny itAll the monies are flowing into BCH and some other big coins
Big miners are moving to Bitcoin Cash.
Read this and make your own conclusion.https://www.coindesk.com/split-no-split-bitcoin-miners-see-no-certainty-segwit2x-fork/
guaranteed
>BoomerCoin>not altsYou faggots deserve everything.
ALL HAIL BCH THE NEW KINGLONG LIVE THE KING
Sell before it goes to its true value (zero)
Guys!
I was able to sleep comfy and somehow woke up more comfy!Merry flippening!
Is this it?
Is the dream finally over?
At least i got to be a millionaire in Swedish currency for a week.
I got to be happy for a week.
Maybe it was worth it.
Is it true that everyone in Sweden is gay?
what mosque do you attend?
Probably.
The only people who have ever hit on me have been gay men.
El-Wojak Wahab
>it won't go lower 6500 trust me>support line>drops below 6400really makes you hodl
It will go down until it touches the old peak of 5000 imo
lel jihan bless
HOLY SHIT IT'S RECOVERING
Sold the second it reached $7000, with zero regrets.I'm staying the fuck out till this bubble bursts.
SmartI can't wait til the cryptocurrency meme dies
I've got terabytes of images used exclusively for shitposting.
If I didnt creat folder trees and describe the images id never find anything.
10K going an hero
LTC and ETH have nowhere to go but up
Lmao that was like ten days ago!
It's already priced in, you dumb fucksYes, yes I am fudding.
I sold all my btc already, want to hop back in at 5k
You're looking at the wrong line bro.
Just zoom out a bit.
The bottom is 5k
About 20% of BTC stackThen it hit me and bought the very dipOverall loss 9% thoCHINKd
not having a photographic memory for your filesystemPleb