I just sold everything and put it in bch.
I have 17,000 worth of a bitcoinfork lol.
Where will I be tomorrow?
AMA
Where will I be tomorrow?In JUST City
Bro seriously, do not do this!I don't know what price you bought at but you need to sell this shit instantly, this is not a coin you sit on and hold right now this is a pump propped up by nothing.If there is any sort of flippening it will not happen like this this type of growth is not sustainable, please don't throw your money away
Broke, living in a cardboard box.
The money you put in Fakecoin is your retirement by 2020 keeping it in Bitcoin.
Sorry OP.
You should have listened to us.
Probably at around 14500 dollars worth of a btc fork
t. Btc holder
Lamboland
I'm at 17,200
it's gonna end in tears, seriously.
i'm not even memeing youjust put it into ETH and wait it out if you think it might flipsee you at $10k
Either rich or brokeprobably broke
Why now?
Look at the chart dick head there's a correction coming, should retrace to like $800.
Buy then.
I'm at 17,800
homeless.
I love that people are trying to use TA on something like this.
Literally BCH is becoming BTC.
Your TA means nothing.
How fast it's growing means nothing.
BCH is becoming BTC and once it breaks 5k then you can start doing your meme lines again.
I don't believe you.
AMAAt what point did your parents failed?
Okay.
Trading view is your friend.
The big hope and dream is that bch becomes btc.
Even bch hardliners know who the king is.
I'm at 18000 I made a thousand since I made this thread lol
you'll be here posting pink wojacks
I was drinking milk and I tried so hard not it spit it out and laugh
I've made 1200 since I bought and made this thread
I'm at 20k
I've made 3k in 40 minutes, where did the shit talkers go?
Im at 23,000
just waiting for your pink wojacks tomorrow.
i will be here to post some suicide hotlines.
'night anon
shit just dumped 500$ in seconds wtf is this.
i've made 7500 since I made this thread, who's the pink wojak?
Look at those green candles.
I dumped btc ltc and neo and went all in BCH and I am the big dick nigga
sweet pic good luck to you friend
this will NOT happen no matter how much you believe that it willwhales in this space tend to understand blockchain technology, its applications, and its limitationsfor this reason, they are not buying or holding bitcoin cash
>please dont let btc crash to 3k please dont let btc crash to 3k please dont let btc crash to 3k
hope you sold the top
i didnt i just got justedim op posting from my pc instead of overchan
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
SELLTHEMNOW
no, im holding until i make 10k
你好中国 TIME TO BUY SOME BCC
We're gonna make more than just 10k OP, the flippening is here.
Get on or get left behind.
thank you based chinku
probably below 5k lol
Buying after an incredible mooning.Man you are JUST asking for it.
so you think all the exchanges will agree to flip at once?
cause you know which ever exchange flips 1st will die
Made 500 bucks in 6 mins, thanks for the heads up anons.
i watched my bittrex go from 17k to 25k and then it crashed and now i'm back to where I stared (had a panic sell and fomo buy that cost me .5 bch) please go up please go up
FIRST4311258THENAHHAHAHAAHHAAHHHHHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAlso.
You're literally playing with minimum wage money.
Why are you so hyped up?
are you 15?
I made 90k last year, you think minimum wage people can afford to have 20k in crypto?
don't mind him.
he's just another retard trying to larp as gordon gekko on a chinese imageboard, chances are that he has a wolf of wall street avatar on twitter and he thinks that he will be the next warren buffett because he made 10k on crypto.anyway OP, the point i made before still stands, there's gonna be an huge correction.
bitcoin is the king and this upheaval will not last long.
think carefully about your trading strategy or you'll get burned.
i for one have sold my bitcoincash at 1200$, i could have made before, but the first rule of the game is not losing money, so don't be greedy
you think minimum wage people can afford to have 20k in crypto?Of course they can.
Thinking 20k is some impressive number makes me doubt your 90k salary.I have almost 100K in investments and I've made slightly below minimum wage for the past 4 years because I only want to work 2 days a week
thinks that he will be the next warren buffett because he made 10k on crypto.that's exactly what I accused OP of retard
I live at home and my parents take care of meI have a house, a 401k, and cash that I'm saving for an investment property.
But I know for a fact that if I were making minimum wage, i wouldnt have 20k in crypto.
My parents paid for everything when I was in college and I worked making $12/hr and didnt have money to invest, you dont have shit wagecucking
4312505you're fucking brainlet and you don't know shit.
until last october, less than 5% of bitcoin addresses held more than $5k, i'm sure that now there are some more, but not so much.
and lot of medium\big holders own more than few addresses with a decent amount of crypto in it.
how many persons do you think have more than $15k in crypto?
saying that it's a common thing only goes to show how much of a fucktard larper trying hard to look like he's hot shit you're
I live at home and my parents take care of meno>I have a houseI also own my home.>I'm saving for an investment propertyI already have one that's 70k of the 100 i told you about.
The subletting is the main reason I'm only working 2 days.>I were making minimum wage, i wouldnt have 20k in crypto.
My parents paid for everything when I was in college and I worked making $12/hr and didnt have money to investsounds like you are absolutely terrible with money.
Or, again, 15 and haven't had time to build.
"$15K" is minimum wage money regardless of if you invest it in crypto or otherwise retard.
i never said otherwise, but the thing is that you implied that a $15k investment in crypto is a common thing while it's far from being the truth.
i honestly doubt that you have 100k in crypto if you're that retarded
you implied that a $15k investment in crypto is a common thingnope>i honestly doubt that you have 100k in cryptolol you literally can't read, and you call me retarded