> knew about blockstream months ago
i still don't know about itwtf u talkin bout
This is what happens when you don't do your research.. 1 guy owns bitcoin.org and r/Bitcoin.
They've been able to manipulate and censor information about Bitcoin cash.
You'll get banned blocked or removed.
They also changed the code to promote bs to the top.The "Bitcoin" you see in coinbase isnt the original Bitcoin.
It's more corporate owned.
Their business plan is to make money off transaction fees.
Ever wonder why it's higher than eth or others??
Blockstream owns BTC Technically speaking bch is better than btcJesus just Google BTC vs BCH
you're literally retardedthe corporations are supporting big blocks you fucking dumbass LMAO
honestly.
It's pretty fun to see people who didn't do enough research get btfo
is that all?
i already knew this tired argument about block sizes etc.r/bitcoin doesn't let you talk about any altcoins including bch but this doesn't really matter.
go to r/cryptocurrency.
this is not the basis of a fork.
it's all distraction.no one needs bch to do transactions.
we already have ETH or litecoin or other fast currencies if that is your aim.what this is all about is trying to steal the name "bitcoin" because that's what the normies know about.
by creating bitcoin "cash" it creates enough confusion to grab some of the market cap, and by creating adjusting difficulty it can grab some of the hash power.
i consider it an attack on btc, not that i'm judging.
if they can pull off a flippening, that's their right.
i'm highly skeptical though.the larger block size is a marginal "improvement" and not worth the attack.
but i can understand how businesses using btc today are impatient with high transaction costs and support tickets due to slow confirmations.
they are too impatient to wait for lightning network so they are desperately trying to pump this fork.meh.
no one needs to do transactions>bitcoins value is in its name
you suck at quoting
You say that BCH is marginally better than Bitcoin.
Then why stick with Bitcoin?
You say the value of Bitcoin is in it's name.
Let's compare this with real currencies.
If the Zimbabwe dollar was suddenly called the US Dollar, would it suddenly start appreciating?
Of course not.
Currencies don't take value from their name.
You yourself say BCH is better than Bitcoin, so why are you holding Bitcoin?
Is it just the name?
Yeah, other corporations that aren't blockstream support bigger blocks you double nigger
Fuck off reddit
This is correct.
You mean the BUSINESS community supports bigger blocks, companies as in blockpay and coinbase, which are businesses but hardly corporations.
You say that BCH is marginally better than Bitcoin.
I didn't actually.
It had a marginal "improvement" in a purely technical dimension, which has downsides as well.
As block size increases I've heard it argued that centralization also increases.>You say the value of Bitcoin is in it's name.
I didn't actually.
It's value is partly in its network effects which includes the name.>If the Zimbabwe dollar was suddenly called the US Dollar, would it suddenly start appreciating?
Of course not.
Trolling or no?>Currencies don't take value from their name.Currencies do take some value from their name.
>Is it just the name?No, but that is a significant part.
Having "bitcoin" repetitively shilled to investors watching Bloomberg News is pretty helpful to its market cap.