Does /biz/ have experience running their own 3rd printer shop?My city currently does not have one so I was thinking about being the first one on the boat.
How much would this venture cost me and what are the things I need to account for?
Just general advice for running a shop is welcomed too.
You need to account for lack of demand and that most people are retards so even if they do want something printed they can't make a 3D model.
Even if they can get you a 3D model it won't be designed within the limitations of 3D printing so you will have to mod it.
Not a profitable venture IMO unless you get institutional clients.
if you combine it with VR, could be fucking cool thoughmake your models in VR space.shrink model down when donesend to VR printer that's networked to actual 3d printercyberpunk as fuck imo
Aren't there like a bunch of online shops where people can purchase models?
Say I get in touch with some of those people and link to their sites so that people bring me their models rather than making their own.
Then the only thing I need to worry about is to make sure that the printers are up to the task.Naturally I will investigate what the most popular model sizes are to make sure that the printers in the shop match up.
Also the idea of having a VR headset in the shop is cool but probably excessive.
I might find myself needing to employ a 3d modeler.
wait a few generations of both tech though or at least until 3d printing doesn't take a fucking age to get the job done.Depending on your city have a shop with 5 or more "VR pods" where suckers can create whatever.the weirdness of it all would make it enough of a novelty to atleast get free publicity.
How can you compete with shapeways?Furthermore does your city justify it.
Meaning is there a college or other place that would be a good place for it.
Do you have the capital?
Good 3D printers are expensive for commercial ones you will need.
They don't have a presence here and also nobody knows about them.I figure I could maybe get a partner deal which would make things much easier.
LOL Shapeways is an online store.
You upload your designs and they print them and mail to you.
The also have many things you can print in the store if you have no designs of your own.
If you didn't know this then you have no business starting a retail store.
Really only with second and first printers senpai
have you made a website?
i think i can help desuim almost finishing html 5 i just need to pratice my skillsyou place your email here so i can contact you
You don't seem to understand how fucking expensive it is to to ship to my country.
It's beyond what most people are willing to pay for.
Learn Fusion360 or similar 3d design software.
If you cant make your own designs then youre most likely using other peoples designs, which could get you in hot water.
Also, unless you have bank for an industrial 3d printer, its going to take a ton of time to print anything out.
That combined with materials costs is going to be your biggest obstacle from a production standpoint.
Your best bet is to come up with an original product or design that you can charge good money for.
Something that actually takes some skill to design so average Joe 3D print hobbyists cant just make themselves.