So I finally finished the whole administative bullshit with Bitfinex to get my 5 mill on the exchange.But in the last few days BCH and BTC are going crazy.I need good advice on what the best trade is for a 1 day in and out, short trade.I might just feel very generous if your solid advice has helped me.
buy a bunch of Bitcoin Gold
Please dump it all in ARK and crash the coin price so I can buy back in at sub 20k sats
5 mil?
that's chicken feed
Why not REQ?
It's solid, and if it gets pumped, a lot of people on here would be happy.
All in salt.
It will go 20usd in the end of the year.
Let me get this straight, you have $5 million dollars and you put it all on some crypto exchange that might tank any day now and not only that but you also come here for trading advice?Nice larp
Right now BTC is a gamble until it finds a bottom.
ETH is solid.
I expect a few shitcoins to gain before the end of the month.
So either ETH or wait for BTC to bottom.Also expecting to get something out of one day is not a good strategy.
GRS - One of the best tech around, solid idea and rebrand coming soon.
Everyone's shilling here obviously, but do your own research on it and you'll find out.
all in on bitbean
short Bitcoin.
Miner will be coming back because BCH difficulty will shoot up and there is ~170k transaction backlog on the BTC chain you can infer some of those are panic sellers.
BTC already back below $6000.
Stop above 15minute 200 SMA.
ALTS: monero, eth will gain some value, especially over the coming days with the btc/bch drama unfolding and are fairly safe harbors.
Yes they have already gained, yes they should gain some more.BCH - Given how much capital you have to play with, i'd be putting 100-200k into bch.
You should be able to nearly double or triple your money IF THIS PLAYS OUT AS ITS LOOKING and realistically you aren't risking too much of your pool.
You will need to watch it, plan your exit and buy the dip.
Be careful and don't risk too much, the rewards are there anyway even with 10k+amounts.BTC - it hasn't found bottom yet but when it does, it's worth buying a bunch of it and locking it up.
it will be back.
Lastly - i'd keep the majority of it in USD for the next week, core markets are far too volatile.buy pumpkin a new car with these worthless btc :)1HP1JyqXxsu5ZhatVq8WPk4RK8iNTmwQ7K
BCH/BTC trying to make a break for it.
Needs to be backed by volume.
I can't tell you what will be happening in one day, but here is what I would do to make money in the next few weeks (before 2018):Safe Play:Buy Omisego at $6-7 because they will be releasing Wallet SDK Q4 2017.
Whether its good or not it will still shoot up the price.
Sell at $10-12.Moderate Risk:Buy Confido when it drops a bit ~$75c and sell at ~$1.5 once it hits a big exchange.Risky Play:Buy Eidoo and hope it moons.Other notable coins: Zencash & LumenHere is my MEW wallet, send me some Ether if you feel generous :D ... anything helps for my student tuition.0x4D23265Df1beff4f7a1C8802E67431Fc1d837b9d
Get above 0.3 as first target then for shoot for the high otherwise get out.
Flippening might still be on the menu.
oh and there are two events for Omisego talks ... nov 15 (gonna spike) and dec 4 (maybe SDK release?)
Seriously, don't put your money in any coin just yet.
Wait for a week or two until this storm end.
you did it, :)smart move, let's pump this shit to 0.1