will start trading soon but i cant figure out exchange to use, looking into buy shit coins aswell, not only focusing the main ones.i want to use my credit card aswell but fucking bitfinex stopped accepting USD.should i use a wallet too or fuck it and leave it in the exchange?
are shit coins good anyway
cant coinbase to trade usd for bitcoin or ethereum, what is another website that i can use?kraken seems busted too, is coinmama good?
prices seem unfair.
is everyone shilling for their coin here?
Yes dont buy anything that biz shill only what it fuds
I have all the same questions.
Someone please help us into lamboland
but link seems like such a good option bro
CAN THE SHILLING STOP FOR ONE SECOND AND HELP OUT SOME PEOPLE
For real bro I've been lurking for a very long time and have learned next to nothing here.
4445136what you wanna know faggots?
What wallet to use that can hold all coins if there is one.
What exchange to use to trade all coins if there is one.
What programs/ websites do you use to keep everything in one place?
Everything in one place is a meme you have to let go of now, lol.
I have accounts on 15 different exchanges, multiple online wallets, and forums everywhere.
Paper wallets if you must have the shit under your control, I keep about 30 percent on exchanges to be able to catch the next hot shit.
You can use a wallet on your computer, but the fact that you're asking means you don't have the OPSEC to secure your funds.
Coinbase is best for you right now, high fees, but you're not going to figure out GDax to buy/sell because you're fucking noobs
Hodl all coinsNot really a universal solution anon, hardware wallet if it's compatible and spend as much as your investment justifies.
Otherwise you really need to just feel it out but you build perception from doing so.
You might find a wider range and more normie compatible solutions for the big coins, don't let that fool you but at the same time don't be afraid to despise coins with shit end user experiences.>Trade all coinsWorry about which coin first then select an exchange, again you get valuable information from doing this, liquidity has a role here.>Programs / websitesNot fucking /biz.
coinmarketcap.com is probably a good start, lists all the major and many shitcoins and provides links to some resources for each.
Will give you an overview of things like exchange activity too so you can start building your picture.
Slack to hang around in specific project chats to keep up then all your favorite social networks to follow along, curate as you see fit.All in one place will be however you decide to document this shit to assess your choices.
blockfolio app is a terrible but popular method, can be very conterproductive if you have ever had trouble sitting still and in my opinion narrows your vision too much
Thanks man.
I've been trading on gdax and bittrex through coinigy and holding on coinbase but I honestly don't like coinbase.
I only use it because I'm still putting in usd.
Is there a better way or should I just stay here for now?
Thanks for the advice
yeah well this.
i went through a period where i was way too focused similar to a cuckbase cuck and then blew out way to broad.
we'll just tune the balance for better or worse naturally.
there's a few play styles here, find what works, make sure there is always fiat in reserve for when you find that.
for example me personally when it comes to crypto I fucking despise TA, but hey it's made some anons rich
look around and determine who's giving the best deal, you may very well come back around to coinbase but the process is valuable.
sign up to as many exchanges as you like, but if you don't at all times have a clear picture of how much of what is where you may consider trying to reel it in a little
buy nuls my nig
last word of advice anon.
i love this fucking board but it is overflowing with fucking pajeets who will take pride in you throwing away good money so they can make a few dollars.
shilling is worth something in this fucking game so don't ignore it, but be very fucking skeptical.
you're going to miss more moon missions than you ever get on, never let that get to you, stay cool and you'll be fine as long as the entire rug isn't pulled out from under us.
whats wrong with blockfolio?
seems to keep track of your stuff, when you put things manually that is,where can i buy bitcoin with usd?
i cant use coinbase
Some people really can't handle the flucs especially if they're not used to it, the constant checking juices up their autism and they make rash decisons.Buying in I don't know your location so I can't really help
4445519Thanks man.
I think maybe I just need more time to find what works.
Maybe I'll start a paper ledger to sort things out more clearly.
The fomo was just getting to me as I was watching eth all day and not having enough money to make any money.
I guess it's just more time and experience that I'm looking for.
I'm glad someone actually gave me some good advice today instead of shilling
Ledger nano s supports BTC, ETH, BCH, XRP, DASH, LTC, ETC, and ARK with NEO GAS and XMR in the works.
Best hardware wallet.
Still I'd just stick to exchanges until you have more than $10k usd.
Coinbase/gdax are fdic insured for burgers, so it's quite safe, up to 250k I believe, but they only have 3 coins for now.For alt exchanges Binance is up and coming and gives NEO holders their GAS.
They've added most of the hot new coins that users want.
Poloniex is the last place to lend BTC as a burger.
Cryptopia.co.nz has the widest selection, but some of the lowest volume.
Finally, Bittrex is probably the most popular alt coin exchange, especially this summer, but with new stricter verification rules they've been losing ground to Binance and others.Bitmex has up to 100x leverage.
BTC only.
Casino style with socialized losses.
No burger ips allowed during registration, but if you're VPNd for the first time they dont check again.Google sheets or Blockfolio to keep track of all of your positions in one place.Good luck Anon.
Just take say 10% of your stash and have a go, it'll jack your learning way up just from being forced to practice, if you lose don't sweat and chalk it up to educational costs and try again.
It is getting harder but there's still a ton of opportunity for amateurs, when this ends I don't know but just enjoy while it lasts
Gemini and Kraken are the only other USD/BTC exchanges, afaik.
Localbitcoins and paxful are a more expensive anonymous method, but are not exchanges.
Finally, there are also BTC atms in some cities.
all good info anon, i'd only interject with always using some form of private wallet to get into the swing of it because who knows how far this goes and people have literally been burned for millions trusting exchanges.
100x leverage is a whole different ball gameGoogle sheets / excel > blockfolio if for nothing else but an exercise
*USD/BTC exchanges for burgers.
Also I think you might be able to use Bitstamp, potentially the oldest and most respected exchange (since btce met fbi) based out of the UK.Gdax has no maker fees though, so idk why you'd want to leave.