how do I cash out?
You just stop posting anime and money will come out of your screen
Hahaha.
We arrive at this point again.
Where another poor soul finally realizes that crypto is a scam because you can't cash out.You LITERALLY can't fucking cash out.
Seriously, try it.
You wasted all your money on internet bucks.
There is no way to convert it back to fiat.
All those "exchanges" that claim to deposit your money into your bank?
Those are scams, the deposit never goes through.
All those people saying it isn't a scam?
They're shills for the scam "exchanges.
"Anyone who tries to refute this post is a scammer shilling for scammy exchanges.
>he fell for the crypto meme
you can check out any time you like but you can never leave
hi what is localbitcoin or atmSome people are just retarded
what?I got my money wired to my account?
haha, that's the jokeyou can't
what is localbitcoinA fucking black market scam where you have to meet someone in person but they just steal your money and abduct you for human trafficking>atmIt just steals your money, you can't actually withdraw money from iti got my money wired to my accountNo you fucking didn't you fucking liar, stop shilling your garbage scam exchange right now.
You’re a complete idiot.
First off local bitcoins and atms exist.
Second of all I cashed out 2k to my account during the whole usdt crisis and it already arrived.
If you seriously believe that you’re just a fucking idiot.
Pull your head out of your ass and realize what you don’t understand isn’t always a scam.
You were lucky because it was peanuts.
this
Wow, great.
I'm sure everyone has an ATM nearby and if not, they can just meet with some shady strangers (be sure to bring a gun).
You still can't withdraw from exchanges, it's a scam.
coinbase?
coinbase is a scam, the withdraw button doesn't actually work.
go on, give it a try.stop your fucking shilling right now you stupid pajeet.
no one believes your bullshit, is it really worth it shilling a scam exchange and scamming people out of their money just for a measely $0.10 per post?
Transaction successful>Money is gone>The money doesn't appear in your bank>Contact coinbase>You got hacked and we can't help you because brexit happened
This post is the worst I've seen on this sub all day
k max a month
You didn't know?
this
localbitcoins
Shitty bait mateBuy bitconnect
this man is telling the truth.
Coinbase withdrawals don't work.
yes they do fuck face
stop shilling your shitty scam site, pajeet.
we're not buying it
place it all on Etherdelta scams like upfiring
And the coinbase defence force shows up.Proof that coinbase isn't a scam.Pro-tip: You can't.
FILENAME
45249284525030Why the foreign-BCH-shill-tier anger?
Why are you in /biz/ if you hate crypto?
Look at this blatant fucking photoshop bullshit.
FAKE ass fucking pajeet scam.
If you're going to use photoshop at least make it look believable.
You can tell it's a fake.
How new are you?
See 
 never hearing of Paxful
shilling another scam exchange>doesn't actually let you withdrawwew
hello rajeet.
I know you are here to shill your scam and you get paid per post, but you're not fooling anyone.
epic xXDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
fake as fuck.
nice photoshop faggot
Why all the FUD?
You can use coinbase, stop this shit please, you're scaring the newfags
s-stop scaring the newbies away from my scam...
I need to feed my family...
Your such a fucking retard I’ve withdrawn from both coinbase and Gemini.
Occasionally they bitch about verification but if you put in your fucking physical adress your literally 100 percent fine.
Don’t call me a pajeet shiller without evidence you worthless lying fuck.
You’re the one with no idea what in the fuck your talking about.
I’ve withdrawn from both coinbase and GeminiSure you have.
SURE you fucking have you fucking lying shill.
If I were really just lying then you would just brush it off and not get so defensive, but you're getting way too defensive over your little scam.
You don't cash out.
Don't be like the guy who sold BTC for $10.Cryptocurrency is the future.
Bitcoin may be replaced (even this year), but there is no point to cash out ever.
>cashing outWEEK HANDED FAGGOT, WE ARE IN HERE FOR THE LONG HAUL.
REPLACE FIAT OR BUST MOTHERFUCKERS.
This desuPut in $4k in June, got lucky and made $50k, tried to cash out via coinbase and the tx history is gone from my account and I haven't got a response even after 50days waiting.Don't get greedy guys, stick to robinhood or preferably a real broker like Schwab.
They actually have integrity and accountability.
So many cashiers trying to FUD the one true king, its fuckin pathetic
wut.. i took 3k out of crypto last week.
no issues.
Coinbase actually does work, USD withdraws to the same account you deposit from.
Take a couple days to arrive though.
Just hit "sell" and make sure to double check it goes to your preferred bank account.
4525393Remember, these are shills.
They do not have your best interests in mind.
post by this id
 posts by this shill
Dunno about coinbase, but definitely worked for btcmarkets (aussie exchange).US banking system is shit-tier anyway, that's probably why.
I am in a shithole and even I can cash out but of course there's a lot of steps involved but I can still can.
Yes you fucking idiot I just saw this threadI'm not going to sit back and not speak up when there's an opportunity.
I made 8% on VZ since the dip and that's made me the thousands crypto lost me.Sorry but it's stupid to think you can make 10x your money just by buying ethereum and giving it to a pajeet team for their token and selling it a month later like with powr.You're fucked up for scamming poor neets like this
They just wire it to your bank account what are you monkeys hollering about?
You're either a shill, or new and you haven't tried cashing out yet.
If the latter is the case, go on, try it and see for yourself.
It doesn't work.
Coinbase is a scam, they don't wire you the money.
Ask anyone
If by wire you mean make your ether disappear and wipe the deposit history from your account then yes, that's exactly what they do.Should have fucking knew it when tether scam is allowed to exist and bitconnect meme; not to mention coinbase changes the deposit address so there's no way to tell if you really sent it to their address or someone elses when they wipe the history.
rajeet>not pajeetLurk moar.
They're both in this thread.
Pajeet and Rajeet are brothers
If you want to cash out you should have enough money to not care about traveling to find an atm
What even is this thread
the curry is strong in here.
what if my bank account is in euro, will dollar txs be lost?
It's not a thing you idiot of a newfag.
Stop trying too hard.
shut the fuck up you damn shill.
you're just pissed because no one's buying into your scammy exchange
ITT: Faggots trying to bait others into cashing out
Dude stop calling people shills, You don't even know what it fucking means
Just redeem your USDT anon
I-I'm not a shill... y-you don't even know what shill means...>you can totally withdraw from my NOT scam exchange, reallY!
Go to online gold and silver coin retailerBuy gold and silver with BTCwait 2 weeks for deliveryput wife in bikini in DecemberHave her sell Gold and silver at nearby freeway exit
Won't she be cold wearing a bikini in December?
Maybe if you weren't such an idiot you wouldn't lose all your money cashing out, stupid shill
S-shut up y-y-y-y-yyou damn shillllllasdjklo hgboufv hwgsedfyutb8h sbnrvv hgdpuof9ngyh y
That's exactly what I would say, if I were a shill.
How do you function with half a brain?
Stupid nocoiner, stay poor
What an intelligent rebuttal.
Stupid pajeet.
Keep shilling, nobody believes your bullshit.
how do you function with being a faggot?
Cold WifeAll the better to make her nipples hardfor even more road side gold and silver sales!!
you forgot to call me shill or pajeet
you forgot to stop being a faggot
Aww somebody's mad they missed the crypto train.
It's OK dude you can still hop on, probably a better call now than a few years down the road getting your salary in Satoshis paid by the autists on this board.
xd shut up fegget xd xd xd
That's exactly what I would say, if I were a faggot.
COPEOPE
If you're in the US, send Ethereum to GDAX (costs pennies and takes minutes), then sell to USD via a limit sell order (zero fees) then transfer those USD to your coinbase account (instant and free) and then deposit into your linked bank account.
I just did that for the first time the other day, it took *one* business day for the deposit to clear, and they charged nothing - I got every last penny.
There are probably other ways to do it but I was incredibly impressed at how fast and painless it was.
dude are you fucking 12?
get some fucking anal cream and give it a lil rub on your asshole to calm the fucking asshurt you fucking sperg
Prove that you can cash out of crypto.
You literally can't.
$256B market with no way to get money out>more worried about "scammy exchanges" and their shills
Can you stop injecting your gay fantasies into every conversation for one second?
Holy shit pajeet calm down with that.
There's a Bitcoin ATM 10 mins away where I live from.
HAHA
Why?
Its more fun to laugh at dumbasses like you than convince you.
No, there isn't.Sure thing, shill.
You literally can't prove your scam isn't a scam.
hurrrr durrrrr your gay xdxdxdxdalso you remembered to call me pajeet this time congrats for your fucking neurons to finally fire up again
hahahahahahahahahaha
Go back to Brazil Pedro.In the USA we can convert our crypto to fiat and deposit it into our bank accounts with Coinbase or any of the other million options legally and securely.
https://localbitcoins.com/
I have automatic cash outs with quadrigacx from my mining revenue to cad$ never had any problems
The Coinbase shills are out in full force today!
You're the defensive one you goofy little spazz.
He's just proving your bad attempts at trolling wrong.
y-you're a TROLL!
You can cash out of crypto, r-really!No, you can't.
H-he's r-right I know I'll pretend I didn't get destroyed and sarcastically laugh hahahahaha
the fuck are you talking about, i can literally just go to the fucking funding page on kraken and transfer cash to my bankaccount sooo....
I've never cashed tried to cash out but I know you can't
hahahahahahahaha.
Hilarious shit, pajeet.
Keep it up.
I am a literal Pedro from Brazil and I can confirm that we buy and sell BTC with BRL through bank transfers using LocalBitCoins.
I have done it myself.
In fact, it’s the most non hassle way to do it.
Brazilian exchanges are garbage.