LINK vs REQI just made some nice profits on BCH, but sold out for now and will wait to see what happens.
Either way, I am looking for a good alt to go in with 50% of my stack.
Should I do LINK or REQ?
Both solid lottery tickets.
I've got REQ if that helps.
Request is using LINK so by default LINK>REQ ...
why are you in REQ over LINK?
REQ has better short-term potential.I mean its still around ico price, mainly because of all this bitcoin drama.
This.
Plus LINK is very cheap right now
This pretty much I think LINK has a medium term future.
Longer term I think Ripple's outlook is more promising.
I work for a fintech and swift is absolute garbage.
Link will only stop swift's customers bleeding to Ripple in the medium term.
Could Chainlink be enough to change Swift's state of affairs?
People are fixating on the SWIFT thing but that's only one aspect of ChainLink.Ripple could 100% dominate the banking industry and ChainLink would still have a use case in the tens of billions.
If you believe that smart contracts are going to be widely adopted (which seems inevitable) and if you believe that organisations will want trustless information in those smart contracts (which also seems inevitable) then ChainLink will be absolutely massive even without SWIFT.
Who knows mate.
I personally think Swift is fucked long term.
Their solution has stagnated for years.
Now their behind.
I personally can't see regulators touching anything that's decentralised.
That's Ripples major advantage.
Their centralised, keen on regulation and you don't have to use their shitcoin unless you want lower fees.
Hook them with the network.
Lock them into XRP later when their comfy.
They've 150 people working on this shit and it's already being used in production by major institutions.
How many do Chainlink have?
Unless Swift throw a fuckton of resources at this I can't see them winning long term.
They'll just sit there taking their massive fees and bleeding customers.
Swift isn't a reason to get excited about LINK imho.
I've taken a much closer look at acquiring some LINK since the last REQ ama.
Yep.
Agreed.
*they'reFuck I'm retarded.
what you are missing is the fact that they cant run away from decentralization and in fact there is plenty of money to be made in the processLINK will help both banks and people technology is changing the way we look at lifealthough i understand your viewpoint... perhaps 30 years ago it would make sense... you know before internet
Major banks move too slowly and that's where the major money is.
Here in Aus, it took 2 years and an extension granted by the RBA for the major players to update their card terminals to not allow signatures and ask for a PIN instead.
2 years man.
That's why I'm skeptical, but yeah, you're right.
It's coming and they can't stop it.
They're be onboard when our generation is running things and not before.
What do think about Santander using chainlink oracle in Q2/Q3 2018?, i have an unprovable source within that bank that confirmed that it's under deliberation and looking to be implemented in summer.
I will probably get some link when I can have her confirm it more for me.
Link was already pump and dumped.REQ still hasn't taken off.I'm in REQ.
Link has chump change.
I'm in REQ right now as it has been holding the same price during this entire crypto market mess.
I've actually made profits from it surprisingly as i bought in after ICO when it tanked.
Close to 2x now, just waiting for it to get pumped in December before I sell.
i think im going to start accumulating REQ.Thanks for the help guys!
Calls a 150m market cap LINK’s Pump; you’re not going to make it