Today in the livestream, the date for something to actually fucking happen with this coin was unveiled:Nov 30th.Pissed beucase I flipped a stack yesterday that I got at 250 at like 275 or so and thought I was smart, and now people started pumping the price again already.Bit the bullet and bought back in at 300K satoshis.
We already know this thing can explode at a moments notice due to relatively small market cap and high hype.I don't think many peolple know that they have a date pegged down for release yet, but once people do, I expect price to pump.
Might want to start accumulating now (but don't go all-in with what you would invest, since another bitcoin rally could drop the price still)
Meh.
Have all the privacy coins but this is the one I’ll probably drop.
XMR and XZC look like they’re about to take over
No opinion there, I'm just in ZEN to make a quick buck.
Whats happening on Nov 30th?
Or did they just make an announcement of an announcement?
I know someone that does some work at coinbase.
They are a seperate contractor so they are not in the know.
But this guy told me that coinbase is looking to add a batch of several coins.
But they want to add one that is not already pumped, so their investors can benifit from the big gains.
Zencash was floating around as a possible choice.
I can't say how my source found this but he is able to dig some things up now and again.
Cloak about to release Open Source.
5 million.
Coins gonna explode
Real announcement for Secure Nodes -- moving servers to the Mainnet where they will be in beta testing for 2 weeks.People seem to think this is the "big news" that Teeka was referring to that would raise investor interest in this coin.My take?
I don't really understand most of this stuff.
I'm just a trader.
But I know this coin has explosive potential.
Sell orders set for...?
Get the fuck out its crashing
Sheeeeeeeit nigga I just started relaxin'I don't think there's a substantiated reason for it to crash, it's been downhill for a month and has no reason to continue.
I'm placing my bets on this being a bear trap.
I guess BCH could be realistically ruining the fun for everyone again
This will be a sleeper coin of 2018.
500-700m market cap by June.
That's 10x fools.
readings from my crystal ball
Yeah, it's just people dipping out for BCH.
a lot of alts dropped at same time.Either a ubll trap for alts, or a bear trap.. either way, I think this willl have a good price increase leading into 30th.I got some more on the dip, and sold on the rebound to balance out my costs.
IM BOUT TO DUMP MUH BAGZ
Something tells me that BTH weakening BTC is in the long run great for alts.
People like having.
A safe haven in eth, XMR, LTC etc so short term I'm mad but long I think it's great Dude hold til the hype train shows up at least
Yeah, I'm not playing games with things with upcoming ptoential anymore unless I have a _REALLY_ good use for the money.
I dumped my "bags" of ZEN and FCT yesterday only to have them both skyrocket today :(
Sell orders: If selling the news, I'd set it at minimum of 390+.
This coin has done 500+ when Teeka Tiwari mentions it (or hints at it), but market conditions might make for a conservative sell of high 300s.Greedier targets on a bullish day would be like mid to high 400s, low 500s, or low 600s.The market cap on this thing is really low considering the hype it gets.
As long as we can beat Doge Coin, we should see good profits.
I may go long on it, I've got a good feeling at least and my portfolio could use some sort of stability rather than all other nothing moon shots and bags set for 2019 lol
And thx for the sell order numbers
I'm extremelly bullish on this thing.
I'm getting an antshares vibe from it (and if I recall correctly Teeka says the same).>Eth moons>Antshares pops up as being very similar to eth in nature, plus a few perks of its own and a great teamNow, normally BTC is king.
But Monero has seen some substantial gains lately>BCH trying its best to murder BTC>stupid forks every month>Wall St. hand of death coming>Low privacy and consequent vulnerability to regulationAnd Eth should be the rightful successor, but>Parity just fucked up 160 million dollars>Money skele tweeting retardation all day>Scammy ERC20 tokens staining its reputation>Easier to regulate as BTCXMR is bound to moon.
And when people see this, they will flock to whatever is similar, but with a smaller mcap.
Like when people called Ans the "chinese eth", zen will benefit from Monero's rise.
But a $50m increase in marketcap will double its value, which is bonkers.
If monero gets to Eth levels (10x) increase and Zen gets $1b like Ans did during its first few moon missions, it's a 20x increase from here.BUY BUY BUY BUY
The people in this coin atm are strong holders.
The price will not budge much lower.
They know it will be a future moon mission.
When volume picks up and hype enters the price will moonshot because nobody is willing to sell.
Teeka said to buy up to $20.
It's been hovering around 18-22 since it fully corrected to this level.Honestly, if this guy doesn't fuck up soon, everything he touches will turn to gold.
He picks good projects and brings them into the spotlight, provides a nice floor so no one's bags ever get too heavy, and overall just blesses the devs and investors with confidence so that it goes nowhere but up
Buying in at the floor of sleeping giants and sitting /comfy/ is a newfound fetish of mine
Ahhhh fuck thats why it tanked, news reveal.
God I wish I had done some research.
The only reason that bald faggot says $20 is because he wants to accumulate.
Exactly.
Brb ultra privacy coin and estimates 20-30x returns yet buy up to $20.makes sense
ZEN and NEO his best picks.
SYS In 2018.
MN ROI unreal but he didn’t have any idea about that, so, he got lucky.Everything else my mistress could have picked.
ZEN is fucking the best privacy coin and it isn’t close tho.I want more.
Easy $200 next year.
i fucking hopethis shit is taking too long to pump like powerledger
Monero is shooting up and people will look zen's way.
Its only downside is adoption, which is very relevant but far from incurable
Why is it better than XMR?
Got in for a quick buck but I'm quickly becoming interested and may accumulate
It is nothing like Monero.Despite the Monero club of donkeys, it’s a great product and will be more of a spendable crypto.Zen at this moment is the best privacy coin in the world.
It will be used more strategically I would say.
Governments, big money, transactions that need more than anonymity but 100% privacy.
Monero is more like “crypto cash” and i like it much better than Dash.Zen is privacy #1.