Was going to buy some BTC for my first ever purchase in crypto.
A good amount, too.
is it too late now?Did I just miss the dip?
I thought it was going to crash.
fucking bump
Whatever you do don't go all in right now.
Everybody is anxious about the cme futures opening tomorrow, as the price could go either way.
If i were you i'd wait and see where the price closes tomorrow.
It's better to be a bit late to the party, than buying the top and raging about it.
Also watch this before you start: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UxQvYrr1tTA
are u a retard?
why diidnt you slowly accumulate small amountsover time like everybody else did on this board, instead of buying a huge overpriced stack right now that still can get flipped
How does this CME Futures thing differ from the Winkle twins' ETF attempts that previously failed?Are we entering a new era of crypto legitimacy?
CME futures doesn't involve any actual purchasing of BTC, it just involves speculation on the price.
But CME is massive, and it has the potential to introduce many new investors to the world of cryptocurrency.
Also, a lot of big money investors still don't believe in crypto, institutional backing from CME may help to change that by reinforcing the idea that it's actually a legitimate investment opportunity

its all over OPcome join the hugbox
CME futures doesn't involve any actual purchasing of BTCit sure as fucking shit involves the buy and selling of actual BTC friendo
Will the futures pricing track BTC value or is it more vice versa?Is there a moon mission incoming?
it's more both anon
1 BTC = $40,000 by June.
Watch.
Checked
Let me rephrase, the CME futures market won't involve MUCH buying and selling of BTC, especially not immediately.
Most futures market trading is just the buying and selling of futures contracts which means it'll likely be weeks or even months before any significant money comes into bitcoin from CME
yeah and nuls will pump
It's actually cash settled, fiat in fiat out.
This is why it's appealing to old school investors.
All the gains without the technical stuff.
If for nothing else because of the volume alone it will definetly have an effect on the price.
It's worth to note though that it's not going to be open 24/7.
It will close for 1 hour every day and it'll also be closed on the weekend.
So investors probably not going to stay in for too long.
I myself am staying under the assumption it involves the immediate manipulation of our scam markets to cover their CME plays, the jews are legendary at covert manipulation and here they'll have free fucking reign, on the other hand their CME markets themselves are to be artificially cucked so it's honestly way beyond my 'expertise'I'll meet you in the middle though anon, they'll need a minute to feel us out and i won't be surprised if they're initially stunned by the blunt fucking force of our autism
yes it is cashed settled, but what we do all need to be clear on is they will cover off on our actual markets
better buy ethereum while you can, it's about to moon