Why do you give money to this guy
dead meme
>it's just some cp, no big dealHe should be arrested and all of his property confiscated
this should be solid iron proof that ETH is bullet proof if he can say that and not tank the price to the sub-sats.
It's just some little kids.
They probably don't even own 1 ETH on their own.
It's NBD.
Don't stop the revolution and enjoy the monies, notfag
Seriously though Vitalik is a huge faggot.
Dude he's basically arguing that censorship being good is entirely unrealistic in the real world.
NOT THIS THREAD AGAIN PLEASE STOP GO KYSTHIS COMING FROM A BIG VITALIK HATER BTWJUST STOP
How can this pedo say possession of child porn doesn't impose risks on children with a straight face?Fucking pedo fucking cunt.
If he didn't pay for it then no harm done
No someone else paid for it so it's all good.
Is that the excuse every pedo is going to give from now on?
This fud is getting old.
When we see the context of the discussion like shown in the screenshot, the pedo argument falls apart completely because anyone with half a brain can see he's not advocating CP ownership.
Just because you have footage of a murder doesn't make you a murderer, this is Vitalik's 'easy' argument
This is such a shitty argument.
I can grow my own heroin and consume it responsibly, without negatively impacting anyone *in theory*.
On the other hand, it is absolutely impossible for me to create child porn without negatively impacting someone else.
This, hence the simple possesion of child porn part of his tweet.
Vitalik is fucking autistic so he is completely logic based.
Which in this case is very hard to relate to without becoming emotionally charged in a way that distorts your thinking.
He never said Create child porn.
He said possess child porn.If someone already made it and its being copied on the internet between people who are also not being paid.
Then the simple act of copying it isn't in and of itself harming anyone.
Is it disgusting?
Yes Pedos should be locked up permanently until we can cure them.
But thats irrelavent to the conversation those 2 had.
create child porndo you know what possession means?
if this is true why are there laws against piracy?
4407174ya the problem is people twist words and misunderstand Vitalik never said he was pro cp, and he never said he was pro censorship.
There are just too many pajeets that don't know english.
Because Jews.
I mean, you go on /b/ right?
People post pedo shit there all the time.
It has been on your hard drive in your cache.
Even if you just go on biz people post that shit here too.
By your logic you're a guilty pedo and should go to jail.
Maybe I worded it shittily, but my point was that smoking heroin has potential to be more ethical than possessing child porn because the entire process can be done without harming anyone.
Possessing CP requires someone getting negatively impacted at some point in the chain of events.
fud?
eth has only gone up since pedo skeleton revealed his true intentions.
Vitalik argues the merits of child porn publicly on twitter.How hasn't anyong baited him into torpedo'ing his own project?
He obviously couldn't help it with his autism.
yes, while I don't agree with IP laws, it's clearly because they don't make any money off people who don't give them any money, and I can guarantee that no CP makes ad revenue.not caused by the case of simple possession, which he clearly talked about
>CP industry destroys lives.
>Heroin industry destroys lives.Frame it any way you want, he can do the same, which is why it is literally this fucking simple.
If you don't get this you either have tall poppy or down syndrome, sort it out, KYS, or get steamrolled by the world.
understand that, in many countries, underage drawings are considered CPhow are anime cat girls destroying lives?
Possessing CP requires someone getting negatively impacted>Burgers actually believe this, and can't conceive of minors having consensual and mutually-enjoyable sexual intercourse or "sex play"Nigger I've been masturbating since I was two years old, you think I would've been traumatized if some 8/10 18-year-old had diddled with me when I was 12?
Get real.OTOH, it is literally impossible to produce heroin without harming someone, because in order to even "grow your own" do you really think the cartels would let an independent producer on their turf without consequences?
Your shit and the shit of people you care about would get fucked six ways from Sunday.
Moron.
We get this.
The point is Perzers argument is absolutely fucking retarded, he wants to confine heroin use within the extremely tight scope of the personal use only but then bring in the full breadth for CP.
Vitalik fucked up though, he forgot you can't expect the normie to try and get it, that you need to be abundantly clear on an absolute deadshit level or they'll run at you for it.
Trump gets this, vitalik does not.
Vitalik fucked up thoughI mean, you're right, he did.
He got baited into a troll argument and made himself look like an idiot to many people.
>Trump gets thisTrump just says whatever he thinks will gain him the most support at a specific moment and hardly ever follows through.
He's a good politicization in that sense.
Vitalik definitely isn't.
Demand creates supply dumbshit
profitable demand does, nobody pays for cp and making possession legal wouldn't increase demand anyway.
Pedocoin ETH has been stuck around 330.
I've already rode up BTC quite a few times.WHERE IS YOUR ETH GOD NOW PAJEETS?!
Just keep living that no gains hodlcel life.
Stay poor wiwth pedocoin.
Traded it all for the King BTC and never looked back
>trusting a ruski in IT, ever
OMG VITALIK SUPPORTS ONLINE CENSORSHIPTHAT'S WHY HE ROLLED BACK THE BLOCKCHAIN
4407441He's saying that Trump is a bad guy.
The dude openly admits he believes in communism.
Why don't you guys see it?
Is it because his coin provided great gains?
There are just too many pajeets that don't know englishThe issue is not with english but with the brain.
He's saying that Trump is a bad guy.oh my god no :(
he's right.
also obviously autistic.
Trump just says whatever he thinks will gain him the most support at a specific moment and hardly ever follows throughTrump's at least attempted to follow through on everything he's said on the campaign trail, the courts and Congress just have managed to block him.
We're gonna gas them soon.By that I mean replace them in 2018 of course.
Fucking duh.
Monarchy works wonders if the king is a good guy.
The problem is: that’s not something you can keep counting on.
You can never expect: “good guys” anywhere in life.Every system has to be prepared for the worst cases scenarios, not the ideal.
That’s why democracy and division of power works: because multiple people regulating themselves makes it harder for one to abuse the power.
That’s why capitalism works miles better than communism: it doesn’t depend on the state to regulate economy.
That way, even if the state is selfish (which is true over 98% of the time), it won’t have as much influence.
People aren’t selfish because of capitalism.
Capitalism works because people are naturally selfish, and it takes advantage of that fact.Of couse, that’s a simple principle that communists can’t understand with their pathetic rousseauian mind.
I think he meant that THERE'S NO WAY TO GUARANTEE THAT THE GOOD GUYS ARE IN CHARGE, therefore censorship is never good.
no he literally means censorship is good when the good guys are in charge, ie him
ETH has evolved beyond a single autist.
It's not exclusively his anymore and no one looks to an autistic russian/canadian programmer for moral guidance.Only people who care about this are insecure BTC maximalists who are emotionally attached to "their" coin and it's MC status in the twitter crypto circle jerk.No one cares and XRP will easily surpass both BTC and ETH in 2 years anyway in terms of MC, somewhere in the trillions without larping.
Fuck all of you in this thread.
I'm not buying goddamn internet coins from a fucking pedophile.
Fuck that shit man.
Have a kid and come back with that shit.
Guarantee you'll change your mind.
VB needs to be fucking investigated.
He probably faps to little boys.
It's kind regarded argument because indeed possession isn't harmful.
However if we legalized possession than there will be more incentives for production.
I think he goes about this like with Torrent logic.
Ok to have , but don't share.
because hes right about everythingsell your eth and go cry at r/cryptocurrency if you cant handle itcp is a victimless crime

Well you kind need the C for the CP to happen there bud.
The same reason why mesozoiccoin keeps rising.
cursed image
Also usually good guys piss off people in high places and end up dead.
OP get off 4chan if vitamin B is enough to trigger you
Holy fuck your conversational comprehension is worse than a smartphone assistant.