SELLWALL LITERALLY PENETRATED BY BUY PRESSUREWe going 8k boisShitcoins about to get destroyed again
You guys are alright...don't go to your Blockfolios tomorrow
If I buy now I can make it crash.
Wanna bet?
These are just last minute buy-ins on the possibility of a Segwit2x fork.
Some people still believe the rogue miners are going to do it.https://coinsalad.com/2x/countdown
Hey when this forks should we move our BTC off the exchanges and into a hardware wallet?
The exchanges don't honor the fork.
I doubt the rogue miners are going to do it bro.
And even if they do, the free coins are useless.
Just hit 10k aussie on an exchange I use for the first time!
Ahhh I have to wait 4 BUSINESS days for my money to appear on GDAX.
Well at the very least, if it crashes I'll be avoiding it.
just sold my BTC, buying back in at 6800
Do you think this is the peak?
https://coinsalad.com/2x/countdownUpdate November 8, 2017: The SegWit2X hard fork has been cancelled.
The countdown clock below is no longer applicable but has been left up for posterity.Really pajeet?
Didnt you fucking read what i said?
Some still believe the fork is going to continue because of the rogue miners.
Ever wonder why the pump literally happened near today?
Even before the square announcement
It's just a feeling, because BTC went up 2000$ in the last 3 days without a dip.
Now we are at resistance range (7000-7500) where people will take profits.
When the dip is over we will moon to 10k :)I might also be wrong and it goes immediately to 10k, but then I buy back in at 8000.
Anyone not in the crypto world aka coinbase retards are the only people who don't know.
Basically newfags, buy and forget!
yes goyim.
10k guaranteed by next wednesday.
put it all in BTC and forget about it until then goyim.
nothing bad will happen to BTC it will always keep rising because it has always kept rising goyim.
BTC just tested the 21 hour moving average.
That shit goin up
goyim>doesn't know goyim is pluraltrying this hard.
4391716And also repeating it 3 times also sounds like a total retard
This is going to be very interesting.