Sold just now at $333.Bought at $300.I am trying to take advice and not marry a coin.
Please tell me I did good and ETH will go back to $300 some time
Thats pretty much all it does
You bought low, and sold high.
That's something unusual to see here, very good.
BUY BACK IN NIGGA WE'RE MOONING THIS SHIT IS GOING TO BREAK 400 SOON HURRY THERE'S STILL TIME
350 is the new paradigm.
You fucked up real bad.
buy back in before next high at ~360
Not a bad idea op, the only question is, when will the fluctuation pattern be broken?But if u can catch the oscillation at least twice you wont lose money
4363692Welp :D I'm thinking about buying into BTC with my ETH gains now.
How retarded am I?
whys everyone looking at the price in USD?
are you all selling to fiat?
buy low sell highya wtf is that, /biz strategy is buy high sell low
yes I'm selling to Fiat.
why would I sell to BTC in this unsure times.?
You did fine.
My target is 350, then I believe the ICOs will start selling out again and back to 300-320 we go.
With all the BTC craziness over I do think we could hit 400 again in a few weeks so unless you are swing trading, just HODL for that.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qMwyB1c_KEQ>make a profit >buy back at the higher price to get more and lose it instead>vid related
I've tried the just hold forever game already and that doesn't grow my portfolio at all.
sometimes you have to sell.
my point is that you should leave the table when you win a bet
What you did is just normal, sensible trading.
Not an accomplishment, but maybe a rarity on this board.
Now study the charts.
Put in a low buy order.
Rinse, repeat.
Ok I get that.
I'm not buying at a higher price if it goes back to $300 I'll buy in.
Else I'm just going to buy into Bitcoin or something I'm not sure yet.
anon, you did good and ETH will go back to $300 some time.the rumor that it is a ped0 coin will spread soon.
/biz/ is ahead of the curve on this topic.
>bought this morning>Sat price immediately droppedWHY DO I KEEP MAKING RETARDED DECISIONS AHHHHH!
I GOT TOO GREEDY AFTER RIDING THE BCC PUMP!
IT'S LIKE SHOVING A STRAIGHT RAZOR UP MY ASS BECAUSE A SMALL PART OF MY BRAIN ISN'T CONVINCED I'LL CUT MY ASSHOLE OPEN AND BLEED OUT!
Buy BCH, the pump is coming.
I'LL CUT MY ASSHOLE OPEN AND BLEED OUT!That's probably the best decision you'll make in your life.
Go on.
BTC is literally always in unsure times, thats why the price fluctuates
What unsure times niggerBtc is stable at a price higher than ath two or three weeks ago, after a cancelled fork and a chink siege.
Why the fuck are you bearish?
Jesus christ the iq in this place
kek
To be fair, everyone in ETH is waiting for Casper now.
That may boost the price.I'll hodl.
I have a plenty of other coins invested so i can wait.
I've got my buy orders set at 307
nigger have you looked at the day candles.I don't think it's had it's big correction yet.It's still on top of the mountain.I'll do the same
You realize $330 was a critical level that signals a bullish trend on eth now, right?
learn TA anon
Do you even know what fiat is?
I wouldn't touch it with a ten foot pole
You can never lose with ETH.This will break $1k in Q1 2018.
Be patient and keep accumulating.
4364322Dunno.
if my gut is correct it will drop again in the weekend, when 10 billion dissapears from the global market cap.
as usual and ETH goes back to $310.
Then I buy back in ...
I've seen it go to $350 and go back to $290 too many times
your gut is wrong, your gut feels that way since its not going to happen
FIAT: Money from nothing>CRYPTO: Money from nothingGee I dunno anon...
>trading usd and not satoshii bet you have less fucking btc now you dumb niglet
who cares about btc.
it's a mirage.
only USD counts in the real world faggot
btc is going to 10k, 100k in the futureholding fiat is retarded
How much are you even investing faglord
You don't seem to understand business and finance, or at least how WE do business around hereYou buy high and you sell low in order to help your fellow bagholders and stabilize the market
which bitcoin?that's rightdon't be too sure
I bought 20 ETH and sold 18 ETH.
Keeping 2 for when I need to buy some more shitcoin bags.
How many times does it take for something to come completely outta-the-fucking-blue in crypto and make alts crash before you give it a fucking rest with your TA BULLPLOP?!
?ETH will be $300 again before it reaches $400
will touch $360 and crash is my bet
is this literally your only bag?
welcome to /biz/
No?
Wrong.
You're fake news
This
What exchange do you guys use for your buy orders
Realized gains>>> (((potential gains)))Way to not be greedy, well done.