
reasons are pretty obvious for anyone whos not retarded.
can't wait to make my first 100k
how much have you got?
i got 93k on SUB.realistically i think 10usd is achievable, so waiting on my first million.i honestly expect even more, but only time will tell.
i meant i got 93k SUB, not USD
nope its erc20
42631174263154How about for once you negroids instead of shitting your opinions into this subforum:WHY is it going to moon?On which basis do you make this predicition?So far i heard from one big youtube that was pretty often accurate and some smaller "sources" it would develop nicly.BUT WHY?
Substratum will have quite a few components.
The main one is decentralized web-hosting, which means instead of mining for the coin, you're letting people use your computer as a website host by using a one-click app that you can download to your phone/desktop/notebook.>Why is this big?
It means it will be impossible for your site to be taken down by anyone (bye bye DMCAs).
It means it will be impossible for your site to be censored by China, Iran or any other shithole.
It means that if you build an app using the Substratum network it won't be able to be banned by countries like Brazil did with WhatsApp a few times.
It also means net neutrality will NOT be a problem for sites hosted on the SUB Network.>How does this bring value to the SUB coin?People who lend their computers as webhosts will be paid in SUB and people who want to have their content hosted on the network must pay in SUB.
The Substratum website will also have an option to buy SUB for you from exchanges automatically (so normies don't have to go to exchanges), which will drive volume for the token up because normies will be buying SUB without even knowing what crypto is.>That's all?No, there's also a second component called CryptoPay, which will allow ANY site that runs on the Substratum Network to process cryptocurrency transactions using any publicly-traded coin.>Why is this huge?Basically PayPal for crypto where you can use any cryptocurrency.
Also easy to implement for people who want to use it.>That's all?No, they're also planning a video component, something akin to YouTube but not much details on that yet.>Wew.
That seems pretty ambitious.
Can they handle it?Yes.
Team is very experienced, with vets that have worked with Apple, American Express, Kodak, Disney, hp, Cardinal Health, NBA and more.>Why hasn't it mooned yet?Beta starts in December.
v1 is out in January.