fudd campaign cause by whalesObsidian is a project designed to utilize the block-chain to provide for anonymous services.
The development team behind Obsidian is working on an application that can utilize the block-chain to allow for anonymous messaging, anonymous money transfers, and even the transfer of multimedia files such as pictures, videos, and music.
Obsidian is more than just a token and the messenger/wallet application that the developer team is working on.
Obsidian also stands to be a platform for developers to utilize so that they can build applications which stand to benefit from privacy.You don't need marketers watching everything you buy, or police listening to & reading everything you say and share.
If you want to spend your money on women and wine or arrange shitposting, you can get things done.
Privately.Imagine being able to purchase things off of craigslist without giving up your phone number or message vendors on the DarkMarket without using annoying PGP methods.
Anonymous shopping on your phone for anything: prostitutes, drugs, nudes, and anything else your heart would desire.
If this project succeeds, all the underworld will have a new playground for communication, information transfer and all sorts of other grey market enterprises activities completely anonymous (literally billions of dollars in data and business outside of the power of the government can become movable overnight when this project succeeds).Now let's do some comparisons.
Status Market Cap = $115 millionObsidian Market Cap = $7 million Is Obsidian better?
Take a look.
Also since Obsidian is a platform most similar to Stratis, we should see similar market caps in the immediate near future.
Stratis Market Cap = $ 372 million Obsidian Market Cap = $7 million We are the Ethereum of Monero - the Monero founder is also a technical advisor.
This is a 1/10000 type of opportunity and these don't come around often in life.
Get on the rocket ship before it's too late.
Daily reminder that the mass obsidian duds campaign was cause by whales.
Please come join the slack to see the utter filth these fudders say.
They screen shot things out of context, fake what devs are saying, and call them scammers.
This all serves to buy odn under ICO price.
Just today on obsidian way up the fuss campaign was started again causing another weak hand to dump over 50k worth of odn from 42k to 38k sats.
Still time to buy a masternodeICO was 4666 sats
I went all in on the dip down at 3k.
When they release their messaging apps for ios and android in december shit is gonna pay for a new house.
I'm excited!
I meant 4K to 3.8k sats
Daily reminder that Jordan Schneider has been proven to be a scammer yet again (WorldCoin, TakCoin) and now Obsidian.>Hired to pump the price and then act for the remainder of the first release before bailing>Has not done anything for the project since thenKeep exposing fraud
Takcoin and worldcoin have been publicly addressed long ago.
He had no hand in the exit scam.
Please, let this years old fud die.For your second point, you actually have 0 evidence.Thank you, I will continue to expose your fraud.
Now fuck off.
There must be plenty of bag holders since the .93 cent pump n dump, don't wanna get dumped on.
ask him what he does on the project now then.
moderating slack not answer.
what kind of marketing director is out of loop with project and does not even meet with new investor board
this.
You guys are such fucking sheep holy shit.
Take a look at the unregulated market and the potential to make money of general investors who think scammers like Sagemark are looking out for them.
Sorry to break your dreams but you got duped.
They fired the guy who was the project lead on the block explorer today.
How does it take 2 months to make a block explorer?
Blackstone is losing his shit too.
Buy didnt verge literally just do what odin is supposed to do
Do you sift through this guy's garbage at night?
Serious question.
He's a community manager.
his job is literally to post on slack... in the community.