shill me your comfy holds, no chainlink allowed.
blockcat
XMR,ARK,NEO,

BTS and DBIX.
BTC, XMR, ETH, EURO
Confido
BTC is the only 'comfy' hold right now.
Every single alt has gotten fucked over the last two months
IOTA
BTS, ETP!
oh and muh 500 airdropped TRX /sarcasm/
IOTAnot so comfy today
This one
fucking stop telling people about it.
100x gain only for non-brainlets.
They don't know the name anyway.
Feeling so comfy for Q2 2018, fcking brainlets will miss this one.
Just Ark cause it makes sense to hold..
Lisk and Stratis
sell me on ark
Nuls.
Accumulate masternodes while you can.
Will eclipse WTC and perhaps even Neo.
lmao haven't heard that one in a long time
all in b3
No one man should have all that powr!
order book is looking delicious, i think i will go with this
Neblio, Raiden Network, VTC

ZencashSecure Nodes going to be released November 30th
XMRFeeling comfy seeing green every day
Req is confy if you can look past short time price swings.
Zen Protocol, I got in in the presale, this will be huge
How many NULS for a masternode?
Any news on NULS.
I lost interest during the trading competition.
I get XMR.
Why ARK and NEO?
DCT
xlm, take a look at the bull wedge in price and market cap.
stabilizing and showing strong support above 600 million marketcap and $0.035, supposedly developments coming end of november/ Q4 2017, platform already in use, has significant partnerships.could have nice breakout before the end of the yearalso, eos and rep have been treating me well in terms of usd, not so much in terms of btc though
Genesis Vision
Powr (4x gains within days), ETP, XRP (now that it's legit with Amex), Aeternity (this will eventually do 150-200x, it's incredible), NEO-twitter.com/lambolydia
SALT.
Maybe not today, maybe not tomorrow, but soon.
If you buy POWR right now you will be fucked OP
OMG.
The wallet API is coming out this week.
/comfy/
confido
trig
QRC, VTC and GRS
>bags - the thread
NEO OMG LSK DLT RCN
VTC is my all time comfy hold.
Nothing beats it I got in at 1$
Csno, stable as fuck, hell even if crypto crashes as a whole it should theoretically Maintain its value
DOGE MOTHERFUCKER
CFDIt's quite stable right now and the FUD reached its peak.
BCH
IOTA, QSP, HST, SPANK
isn't it obvious
this weekproof.
NOW.