Why do corecucks shit on Roger Ver because he's a supposedly a shady individual but then go on to support Adam Back the CEO of Blockstream who is a filthy scumbag fraudster?Feel free to come and defend your CEO, Corecucks.
Roger Ver is literally a criminal and is banned from the US.
Fuck you cuck.
isnt rodger ver a fraudster ?
not true.
Bitcoin is decentralised, and not owned by literally who.Beecash is centralised and literally owned by five persons who can change its fundamentals at a moment's notice.Keep carrying those bags, jewslave queer.
It’s like every lobotomized mong can’t help but spell it “Rodger”, it happens every thread
selling firecrackers @ 22 years of age makes him a criminalwhat's it like being such a bootlicking cuck?
bitcoin is decentralizedhahahahahahahahahahahhaa blockstream are globalists trying their best to destroy bitcoin
Adam really is a fraudster, Blockstream is a scam.Adam supports BTG, the BTG official website links to a wallet that steals your private keys, steals all BTC, BCH, BTG.
Can't say Bitcoin Cash>RacistCorecuck detected
criminals aren't still the only real life use case for any of thisCriminals want to make it too goys and can still keep the bulk of this market afloat.
Seeing other criminals make it encourages them to hodl and buy on consignment instead of just dumping for valued fiat
LN is a clip-in, you don't need to use it.Meanwhile, beecash's code can be changed at a moment's notice by a couple of persons, have a 8mb and soon to rise blocksize to make sure only big money can be nodes, and is LITERALLY owned by jews and chinks.
LITERALLY, no other race are owning it ( and owning a coin in the first place should raise red flags all over you're empty head ).S H I T C O I NHITCOIN
He's also behind the DragonMint miner scam.
Remember this is the guy whom we should trust yet he's been involved in so many scams/frauds.
disinfo it was enriched uranium to ISIS
HE WON'T STOP UNTIL WE'RE ALL DEAD.Roger sounds like my kind of goy.
Sorry i hurt your feelings you retarded kike/nigger/other subhuman breed.
I hope all the (((bitcoins))) get crushed.
But this is obviously fake and gay FUD.
People who think btc is the only crypto there ever will be haven't been paying attention for the last 3 years.
It used to be super rad, but has stagnated hard.
Instead of taking a real hard look at btc and realizing it's dying on life support, they have all the symptoms of hardcore cognitive dissonance.
This requires an ever increasing list of scapegoats.
Ver, wu, Andresen, etc.IMO, bch and bgold and all the forks straight up miss the point.
They would have been relevant 2 years ago.
Now there's a variety of teams that can compete on what is becoming a leveled playing field.
Who the fuck cares about the background of this cuck, just look at the fucking fundamentals people.The coin being centralised alone should be enough.What the fuck is wrong with you normies and your need for gossips.
>liberals>refuse to call a coin by its preferred pronounsWhat did they mean by this...
4531856As a non-chink, non-jew, non-nigger, non-queer, I happily own and support Bcash and will continue to recommend it to every person interested in crypto.If you're this emotionally involved in a coin that you're just spouting random racism, it's time to take a step back brother.
(It isn't even edgy anymore.)
Sounds like a good guy, a true chad to me.
non-queerLook, it's not because you're anonymous that you can lie.Didn't your parents raise you better than that ?Oh wait, you're just a nigglet so you don't know your father and your mother is a literal whore kek
Look, we can all agree turning niggers into red paste while testing weapons is righteous and good, but it doesn't change the fact beecash is a centralised mess, that can and WILL be changed to the benefits of whoever controls it.And no human is controlling it, only chinks and kikes.
Beware.
Imagine being this upset over digital currency
Kinda obvious, no?
dat projectionYou're the bagholder here :^)