take 5 minutes out of your poor paranoid insect life and fully read this before spamming the whole fucking board again with your single digit iq you fucking sub 4 digits portfolio pleb sheepsmhttps://amp.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/6ypy58/the_truth_about_bitfinex_and_tether/
reddit
reddit: autists with zero humor but provide facts4chan: autists with humor but zero factsjust lmao @ u brainlet if you dont use this board only for the lolz
ThisU linktards
>/r/bitcoinBannedBannedBannedBanned
I can only imagine the foul stench emitting from the basement of the autist who cries about tether on here every day
for the lolzkill yourself for typing this ever
>r/bitcoinreddit is cancer but that board is on a whole other level of cancer, safe space, nazi moderation, corporate ass lickibg et.al
4417581>>>>>>>>/r/btc
Beggar article
#4CHNallday
https://cointelegraph.com/explained/tether-case-explainedclearly its fud>augustpeople already knew what tether is
r/bitcoin>R/FUCKING BITCOINSure goyim, nothing is wrong.
Go back to redit and never come back here again.
4chan: autists with humor but zero factsNo, it's just that you have to wade through the shitposting to get to the facts.
Anyone who thinks you can't rise the price of a $130B "marketcap" with $640M understands nothing about finance.First, crypto marketcaps don't represent absolute valuation.
The market is highly volative and propped up by speculation.
Fragmentation of exchanges + lack of legislation means you can incite a rally by pumping the price up on just one exchange.
(((coincidentally))), bitfinex is heading most btc rallies.Second, bitfinex is in the appreciable position of owning both btc, tether, and the means to trade btc and tether, all of that with no regulatory oversight whatsoever.
Each time bitcoin dips, they're free to buy it with their own printed tethers that cost them nothing.
Each time bitcoin pumps, they can offload some of their new free btc.
Extremely low risk strategy, considering they've got full order book data.
Bitfinex CSO had admitted to trading on Bitfinex in the past.I've joined crypto in March and there was already talk of Bitfinex audits lagging behind.
We're in November and there still isn't shit, save for a dubious letter that is proof of nothing.
There were about 44M tether then.
There's 670M tether now...The situation is easy to understand if you stop getting emotionally invested in your coins and take a higher view of all the power players involved.
Yes, tether FUD is gaining ground due to the number of BCH bagholders grasping at straws to attack BTC.No, this doesn't make the argument itself false by association.Just as many BTC supporters suffer from a pathological need to believe there's nothing wrong and it can go up forever.It's unlikely BTC will crash regardless of the fraud.
Wall Street money is coming.
Unless Bilderberg attendees are running some particularly clever double con on the rest of the financial world (which is a little far-fetched; easier to believe Blockstream is just a side bet by AXA like many others), this ship can't crash from tether fraud alone, as long as Bitfinex plays it smart.
That's why they call it bubble It only air inside.Market cap ≠ Input money
Wall Street money is comingI've been hearing this since 2015, anon wall street isnt coming to bail you out
Wait til the CME futures allows everyone to short bitcoin with cash then drop the tether bomb.
May I know the name of the girl in the picture :)
Tether is one of the best scams of modern time, no regulation, no tracking.
Man is it great
das it mane
have a bump
Copy this down and post it elsewhere.
It's rare somebody with an actual brain and experience visits this sub.
Unironically this
Anyone who thinks tether is a scam is a straight up brainlet conspiracy theorist.You know its actually backed right?
Not only by muh 1usd for 1usdt, but because PEOPLE WANT TO FUCKING USE IT.
Whether as a temporary store, or to buy on margin, or even fucking lending.
Millions of people are putting up their btc and eth for tether.
Same logical fallacy as "bcashers fud tether therefore tether is alright".
People said Wall Street was coming when it was too early, yes.
Doesn't make the CMEs, ETFs and CFDs opening recently any less real.Personally I'm not in Bitcoin anymore.
Took profits at every stage on this bull run, happy to buy back if it crashes.
muh manipulated dinosaur coin muh store of value