Moon to 19 cents, crash to 17 cents.
Rinse and repeat till entropy takes over and stars burn out.
This is what it is to be a LINK hodler.
the life of a link holder is filled with pain and misery.
im almost thinking about dumping my bags to get out of this memery
the only thing keeping you from buying a gun and joining the Wojaks on the other side, eternal and red, is the opportunity cost of Sergey announcing a partnership, which will never happen.
You forgot to say increasing 80% of yoru stack by 5-8% each time.
Some probably get the full 10% flips in.51K --> 65K past week.
you watch your world crumble around you as your dopamine receptors are now only accustomed to opening and closing blockfolio for a tiny drop of hope, followed by a wave of misery.
Still you keep pulling the lever, day in day out, from monday till sunday, like those elderly people at your local casino.
Only for you this misery will last way longer than for them.
They have their memories.
You only have an endless bleak future of let downs and regret.
keep your eyes on the prize, boys.
just imagine when the entire world is run on chainlink.
it's gonna happen.
this is literally the internet 3.0 that vitalik envisioned.
no wonder he's so butthurt over sergey.
this could explain him lashing out with weird pedo remarks lately.
and from the darkness you call for Rory, the only beacon that is still sending a signal.
"...Rory... will there... will there be Bittrex?".
The silence is deafening.
And no matter how many tortured souls join your call, there is no reply from the darkness, for Rory has gone to ask Sergey.
Just like your dad went to get a pack of cigarettes.
And just like with your father, you will keep holding on to the hope.
The hope that one day... things will get... better.
everyone told me it would be easy.
invest in icos they said, hold strong they said.
Waking up and seeing red candles is crushing me inside.
I have no where to go except for /biz/, I feel like you guys are the ones to understand what its like to have nothing left except for tiny strains of hope that gets rid of these pink wojaks forever.
I don't know how much longer I can do this.
I'm bleeding inside and in crypto.send me help.
I mean we're up 50% from ICO, and I've made gains along the (more so on the down trend than the up trend desu)
tfw LINK has a more stable price than any other coin.
Slowly going back to .0005ETH.
What a piece of shit.
I thougth you were talking about zrx..well, still up almost 3x in eth price in 90 days