Easy money.
Its Go Time
yes!
I love it when a Bcash thread starts so we can all laugh at you when it dumps again.
get ready for sub $900 after a short pump!
prepare for btc wojaks
Hey man, pump's a pump.
uhh bcash bull here.
I approve!
This.
beecucks never learn.
XDD buy more you dumb cash fags
Bcash Bull here,Its a TD 9 on the 4hr candle - this is a strong buy.
So your willfully admitting your bad at trading because you arent taking advantage of 100-200$ pumps?
interesting
Jesus christ these 12 year old can't trade.Like it's some type of football game.
Idiots man
BTC struggling.>Is $7.4k and holding at it
4392736Look at these 12 year olds.
They don't know how to make money from both coins.
If a decen't enough pump happens, old mate will start pumping it harder.
He didn't just transfer millions of btc to look at pretty buy walls
and holding at itCool tyrone
Bitcash bull here,in 4minutes we'll see Bitcuck start its dumping.
Thanks for the heads up.
Pre-breakoutStill time to get in
bitmex having even sold yet.fuck you coinbase.
by the time i get my bch it will be worthless.lol
keep your bags to yourself, it's gonna hit a new floor, *then* it might be a good idea to rebuy and wait for another $100 uplift
Wow shouldnt have listened to you guys...When will I ever learn.
Uhmm... what?
I bought in at 950.
Are you new to trading?
LOL, jesus fucking christ.
Thanks mate, just dumped my BTC.
I'm starting to think half the faggots here are 12 years oldDo you even chart?
If you're 5'8 or under, my guess is never
Always do the opposite of what /biz says
Also whats up with that huge buy order at 0.1.
If you're not making 200 trades per day, you're probably disabled.
invested pocket money into crypto>thinks their living big.
It's Roger Ver giving idea to people that he's gonna support price at 0.1.
IMHO as soon as the price would reach around that price range, the buy wall will melt instantly.
you are one special kind of retard
Staypoor faggots.
BTC headed for new ATH.
how do i use td famalam?
you can simply link me something to read
your probably retarded, seeing all the money your losing in transfer fee's
Don't buy until 0.1 guys that's where the buywall is remember?Wtf
transfer feeThis thread is exposing so many retards.
I'm a little shocked to be honest.
deluded BCH cucks stuck with bags againlmao BTC back at $7500>muh floppening>muh crasheningbcuck(hs)
So many mentally ill people like this guy.
Bizarre reactions.
cuck
are you ok?
you appear to be emotionally affected.
are you new here?
because it has always been like this.
there is some decent discussion on this board, but it's drowned out by constant childish pajeet behavior, mindfuckery and other meme shit.
i honestly don't know why i still lurk this place, even reddit is better.
Bcacheit's bitcoin cache, fuck your mother
he isn't wrong, and obviously you're pushing your own agenda.
BCH isn't going above 1100 again, in fact I think it'll end up somewhere below 500 before end of week.
screenshot this
All in on BCH average buy $1100.
I have never been more confident about an investment in my life.
before end of weekWe're day traders here.
Maybe you got lost on your way to fagville, you mentally ill headcase.
Cannot wait for the Coinbase Christmas BCH Pump.
ALL IN BABY WHAOOO
 they think bitcoin cash isn’t the real bitcoinI bet bitcoin would never have been adopted with 20 dollar fees prove me wrong.
We take one step forward and 3 backward.
btw, I'd really like to know what agenda I am pushing.
I'm all ears here.
After BTC is finished correcting, I'll be back over there and vise versa.
Are you one of those alien tinfoil hat guys?
No seriously... what agenda?LOL, the fuck
4392776>Jesus christ these 12 year oldLook at these 12 year olds.half the faggots here are 12 years oldaren't you a little rascal timmy?mods pls.
That was a nice ride.
An easy $1000
Some really weird faggots around here.
Super funny though.
you're dense dude.
i say agenda in that this is your thread and you're attacking anyone who questions your position without any interest in an actual conversation, it's just "mentally ill", "headcase", "faggot", etc.
you're pushing a narrative with nothing to back it up, which means you're a shill/bagholder.You probably bought BCH at $2600 and you've been assblasted for the last 3 days.
Like I said, screenshot this, BCH is on its way down to sub-$500 by end of the week.
Whether or not you're a daytrader is irrelevant, you can milk some 0.2% gains if you give your crystal ball an extra good rub, otherwise you'll be bleeding out until you decide to kill yourself.
Nice blog man.
Are you ok?
No I bought at 950 and made 20 trades on that run.
I think it's pretty clear what happened here.
Quite simply put, you're a total tinfoil hat dumbfuck and have no concept of day trading.I'm back in BTC/USD now for the next hour maybe.Get some help, ok?>muh agenda
fucking lawl