I went balls deep in REQ when the ICO took place and I filled my bags.
When it appeared on EtherDelta and didn't go up as days went by, FUD caught me and I sold for less than ICO price.But lately news look promising for Request, so I'm torn on what to do.
It's still more or less at the same price as I sold it, so I could jump in again.
Do you guys think it is a scam or the next big thing in crypto?
Idiot :)You better fomo the back in before mountain of regrets come
well it's more or less at ico price now so if you sold under you'll be paying more; watch and if it breaks the 0.0002 eth mark go in, if not then just wait
If you want peace of mind, just get in and hodl.
The project and the roadmap for 2018 is solid.
It's kind of a no brainer really.If you're a flipper, look somewhere else.
holy shit 120 ETH sell wall at ICO price just got raped
Let the FOMO games begin!
can someone explain me why you guys are so impatient?
i don't know if it's because i'm investing small amounts of money or what, but i think it's retarded that you would sell and lose money just like that, and then you want to buy just to panic again if it goes down and do the same retarded shit.
what is it?
you're buying more than you can afford?
I actually bought for flipping, but since I sold I made some good trades so I have some eth now I wouldn't mind trading for mid term hold.
Currently trying to decide where to invest them.
Fun fact: request is partnered with iexec.
If you have faith in request, you should have some money in RLC as well, as it is the backbone of the operation and will be many others
don't come back in based off of your initial action it shows you have the patience of a 5 yearold no place for fags like you in req
Holly shit sell walls are getting NUKED.
With tomorrows news this will reach 2x.
REQ and DRP are both gonna moon
you are so weak hand, you going to sell low again soon.
There were massive sell wallsbon the ETH pair for the last few weeks which have been lifted 30 minutes ago.
Moon time!
Not lifted... bought
No they were between 0.000205 and 0.00024, 7mil REQ.
They all dissapeared
you guys were warnednext up 50m
holy shit this candle
We just needed to get to ICO price.
Now we can get a nice run up.
must be some huge news tomorrow.
insiders been accumulating past few days and now it's popped.
Thank you anon who posted about this coin yesterday while the alts were mooning so glad I bought in at 700 comfiest 34% ever
It has passed ICO price
already nearly 10% up ICO
I'm aware and this is just the beginning.
Ready for blast off!
I dropped 150 eth into the presale and I haven't sold a single REQ.LETS GOOOOOOOOO
YCombinator staffer busts down my door>Not again I already bought 300k REQ>This time is girl 9/10>"Hey anon we heard about your purchase">She begins to undress>"How about you come over here and lose your virginity">"I-I'm not-Sure" >Begin fucking>Mid way through sweaty sex notice zipper on girls neck>"Whats this?"
>Pull zipper noticing that the girls face is a mask>Under the mask is a man>Fuck its that first YCombinator staffer that smashed my windows he laughs and begins to dissolve into a corrosive gas>Burns my skin, I'm still a virgin and now I'm covered with scars.>Shouldn't have invested in the first place>YCombinator is very aggressive
Haha.
Faggot.Buy high - sell low.
the fact that you could buy that much at presale is fucked.
YES WE ARE GOING TO MAKE IT.
FINALLY.
Req will be used by the German gov to distribute gibs to the new Germans.
Source: my father works at the ministry of the interior.
Your father is a senpai.
Good man bless his soul!
I'll donate 1 req to you for this good news.