im up 100k$ in 2 months and yesterday i lost -10k$ because of bch and now im fucking depressed to the absolute max.this shit stings like a moffuka.
holy fuck biz losses are pure death i legit feel like going straight to etheroll to get back to my personal ath or else im losing it.why does this shit happen to me.
why cant i be happy about myself and tell myself u lil faggot u up 90k$ still more than ur neet as would have ever dreamed ofis this greed or pure autism?
source
you're upset that you lost $10k bruh that's a fat stack I'd be upset toounless you're worth millions that's still a huge chunk of change
Prospect theory anon
I was at 100K when OMG was $14.
Now I'm at like 40K.
It's all I fucking think about.
Where I used to be.It's just how it is.
The greed.
bwahaha you're not built for crypto quit nowI started with 28k went up to 650k and now hovering over 400kif you can't handle the swings seriously it will harm your mental state
You didn't lose anything unless you sold.
You didn't seriously sell BCH at a loss right?
The flippening is only just beginning.
and here is a weekly if you wanna see swings
Losses always hurt like a kick to the balls.
Humans hate losses more than they value gains.
Read up on hedonistic framing.
It's called loss aversion bias.
Look it up.
Its means you are merely human.
A existence that has barely climbed down from the trees who is not rational in the modern world.The only way to deal with it is for focus on the truth, and keep reminding yourself with your rational brain, as you have been doing.
Instinct is strong.
Psh nothin personnel kid
4335867SOURCE PLEASE
i have no clue anon.
wish id know aswell
i lost -10k$You didn't lost 10k$, someone made 10k$.
It is more accurate to say you gave 10k$ to someone.
Now imagine the hundreds of idiots that did the same.
Whoever is behind this, is now filthy rich.
Source
SOURCE
What did you make your stack on?
Source?
43359824336067It's a tumblr account bois.https://etsexdiary.tumblr.comYou have to register and disable safe mode to view.
DGB
'bro ur just impatient'
Deal with it.
You'll make more eventually, so stop whining like little bitch.