Hint: It starts with R and gets talked about here.
shhhdelete this, 4pleb doesnt deserve this
Request.
I've been buying since ICO down to 0.00015, feels good to see people finally recognizing it.I suspect REQ is top of a lot of people's "buy after the fork BS" list.
Smart money is starting to buy pre-fork to beat the rush.
$0.50 EOY.
some serious insider shit going on here.
they don't even try to be subtle - just buying shit tons before any news.
This coin has been extremely oversold.
That's just the beginning.
Real action starts on Nov.15.
Fasten your belt.
Good guess.
Yeah it's a good time to pick things up right now if you want to beat the post fork rush.
We'll see if we make it back to ICO today.
Just sold mine to secure profits like a smart person would.
Not looking back
Not regretting about missed profits is a good thing.
In this case I would definitely wait tho.
DW man he's just "securing profit like a smart person would" Clearly not relevant that it's still below ICO and has MASSIVE potential.
Gotta secure those miniscule profits.
AND it's gone.
Nose diving inc.
You must be looking at the 1 or 5M candles.
Zoom out and think big picture.
Ico Price 0.0002 ETHCurrent Binance Price 0.00018012I am thinking big - maybe you will see ICO Price again, brainlet.Meanwhile Confido mooning, Ribio mooning, Raiden mooning and REQ cannot even go back to ICO.
nice investment.
tanking hard right nowdont fall for the pndno buyers
Don't know why anyone would buy the Raiden token when it's well known to be completely pointless.
You should know by now how crypto gains work.
If you're out of Req now you'll probably miss the boat when it starts mooning and be trying to jump on like everyone else for minimal profit.
Clearly not thinking big if you care about what's mooning today.
Confido already mooned - buy>Ripio already mooned - buy >Raiden already mooned - buy >REQ about to moon hard - ignoreFuck off pajeet.
Stay poor
You said "AND it's gone", implying it was dropping.
Which it is, on the 1/5M.
Apart from the huge buy walls in OP's pic?
ruin?