>ctrl+f "chainlink" hitsChainlink thread
Just holdLearn patience.Retards told EOS was dying a couple of months ago.
Look at it now.
The hacker chainlink is what killed RippleI'm warning you,

Seriously, is LINK gonna do something in the next year?
Bags getting so heavy.
legit made me lol
Is there a way to obtain Link outside of exchanges?
Not really a trader, just want some linkies for long term hold
lmao
wow, comparing a scamcoin with another scamcoin
looooooooooooooool
I think this is a funny image but at the same time it's gnawing on me.
Enjoy bagholding link for the next 6 months.
I will.
Seriously, anyone who seriously does not believe LINK will be at least $0.50 by the end of this year doesn't understand anything about crypto and will stay poor.
LINK is the ONLY coin out there with the backing of the largest financial institution in the world (SWIFT) and they are offering a solution that will take blockchain to the next level into mainstream adaption.
then why is it so low?
what is happening with it?
it just keeps tanking
spotted the 0.50$ linkie bagholder>it's going to recover, right?>mom, i didn't waste all my money, right?>right?
RIGHT?
0.50$
Well, and if it isn't by 0.50$+ EoY, who cares?
You don't get x100 over night.
Just hold if you believe or you will never make it.
Maybe you won't make it with LINK as well, but there is a good chance you will by holding.
More than with wagecucking.
Because the alternative will DEFINITELY not make you make it.
no PR/Marketing, lack of hype building, team cares about getting shit done as opposed to the coin's pricenobody knows shit about LINK outside of /biz/ and a small part of reddit
Why did eos pump so hard this month?
i still haven't gathered a bag of link.
Will I still be able to get some for cheaps in a month from now?
I need to wait a little longer to move out of my other assets.
Anything less than $50 is a good deal imo after that we still have 100x upside.
It's literally the God coin.
This one is for real; they are going to make about the /biz/ millionaires one day.
The story is that compelling.
Look at who is involved in link compared to every other shitcoin.
y I think soI bought another bag yesterday even tho bitcoin most likely will hit 10k and link will go below 2k sat lul
Link $500 by Q3 2019
i like the project on a conceptual leveli just doubt their ability to pull it off on an architectural level
Hold for a year, seriouslly.
There is no way anything will happen in next few months probably.
Just hold, same here.
Bought lower though, but don't care, I'm just holding until the end of 2018.Look at top 10 coins and even further on coinmarketcap.
They all needed about 2 years to go from 50c or lower to where they are now.I know comparing 2015 market to now is different, but technology and implementing a new product takes time.
So just close your eyes and come back in 6 months or more.
And if it goes to shit and the two dev team doesn't deliver, then just fuck it.
I won't invest more than 2k$, but I can afford to lose that, while diversifying into some other coins also.
cool.
dont buy.
then FOMO buy when its $5+ per LINK
It's already finished, they just need to build the API network now.
As for this going mainstream, they aren't starting at the bottom.
They are starting at the very top.
Swift will make it happen, they are partnered with 11k financial institutions.
They are the top.
Link just needs to be implemented downwards through the system after Swift.
Really, small part of biz and reddit?Just type ChainLink into youtube.https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=ChainLink
Sergey mustve made a lot of money to finance all these shills on biz
it's just delusional bagholders that FOMO'ed when LINK was ATH
Reminder to buy high and sell low.
You literally can't lose.