Step 1: Read thishttps://pastebin.com/6xcsc2jRStep 2: and thishttp://sys.4chan.org/derefer?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.swift.com%2Fnews-events%2Fpress-releases%2Fswift-tests-show-blockchain-has-potential-for-global-liquidity-optimisationStep 3:Realize that ripple went x75 in five days because of two partnerships with two shitty banks.
(200-15bill)Step 4: Link is only worth 60 mill right now and when partnerships are announced it will go x250 to mimic ripple.Step 5: Buy link and wait till end december 2017 when swift announces the good news.Step 6: Enjoy your 250 k
Doesn't everyone know this will happen?
This is the most shitted on opportunity since ETH here on 4chan
Should I buy more LINK during this dip?
Tell me what I can actually do with the token itself and I'll buy 1000 right now.
Is this a rhetorical question?
it probably wouldn't be released till deep 2018 if at all
Only 1700 link.
I will never make it anons.
No.
Wait 6 hours until I get off of work.
What is that img?
Too small
I'm a tiny fishy, so I won't move the market, enough cheap link for everyone!
Yes
Why do you even say this?
What is your basis for this comment?
make money
Go on.
February and March are deep 2018
Main net of link isn't supposed to be up until mid 2018 swift isn't talking of implementing the thing that sounds like chain link until late 2018.
Also the project hasn't been tested over a scale as large as what swift requires it could just end up failing
k link>need only $75k to make it WHEN
Tell me what I can actually do with the token itself and I'll buy 1000 right now.
I'm not trying to create conflict; I want a reason.
It's gonna be used to pay node operators
Rather than mining as in bitcoin, you will setup a node and provide data that will be purchased for use in SmartContracts.
You will be paid in LINK and those requesting the data will pay in LINK
enormous marketing opportunity coming up at SIBOS;( rest in
blah blah blah FUD ur pulling outta yer butt.
gotta love how the only FUD is "it'll moon but not for awhile" tho.
What stops others from paying node operators with other cryptocurrency?I understand the incentive via paying for maintaining nodes, but if that is the only reason, then LINK will lose value overtime.
What stops others from paying node operators with other cryptocurrency?the morons on this board holy shit
Great way to convince me to buy Link.
What stops you from paying your taxes in Chuck E. Cheese coins
like I care if some random retard makes bank.don't buy it then, I don't give a fuck.
More and more data will be migrated to and utilized by blockchain tech as time progresses.The world's data is worth magnitude's more than LINK's current market cap and no competitor has a more secure end-to-end solution for getting real world data to interface with blockchain than LINK.Some of the world's most intelligent security experts are advisors to SmartContract ChainLink network.
These are the people who are working on the protocol standards of the future; namely ChainLink
anything that doesn't align with my delusional fantasies is fud
Main net of link isn't supposed to be up until mid 2018 nah probably Q1 2018 or maybe tomorrow, who trhe fuck knows.
you're gonna make it early.
HODL that shit bro don't be the guy who sold before it even started.
I'm a 12k bagholder and this will probably fail simply because the concept of me getting rich is not allowed to exist in this universe
Which is exactly why you'll probably sell soon if you keep worrying about it
More time to accumulate.
This will moon, just not anytime soon, but I'm betting my money on Link.
Does this ripple partnership with American Express/Santander actually mean bad shit for link?I always thought ripple and link solved completely different problems?Anyone able to explain why people think it's going to scare Swift?
I'm lost here.
what did you buy in at?
It cant be that bad... just fucking hodl, man.
Ripple wants to be the new Swift.
Ripple gaining market share scares them.
They are building a bunch of DLT shit that Link makes work.Otherwise Link and Ripple have no connection and nothing is preventing a partnership between the two.
The universe does not care about your LINK holdings or net worth.
4400407Nah im not that retarded lolIve been HODLing btc for 8 months now ive practiced my hands.
Trust me ive done my research and understand the potential and everything but it just feels so unreal getting rich even though it all points towards being a moon mission ya know?
Aren't you out guys worried?
I mean biz is literally the only place that talks about LINK.
Doesn't that seem a little off to you?
Im considering buying in> redpill me
No buy high and sell low idiot
Those digits my lad.
biz has some of the smartest people on the internet and ironically, I trust them.
I've seen enough genuine passion, research, following and most of all...quantum amounts of FUD on chainlink.
I've learned that poorly founded FUD is to get you to do exactly opposite of what your best interests are...which is investing in chainlink
Tons of people have gotten rich by investing their money into something that "moons" whether it be crypto or otherwise.
This is a market.
While it has certain specifications, it follows general rules of free-market economics.It seems unreal because it is intangible.
You just have to make an educated guess, put your money there, wait and hope for the best.
biz has some of the smartest people on the internetThey're just retarded bandwagoners that don't know what the fuck they're talking about, a few days ago they were talking about how BCH was going to end BTC and look where that got them
what if it reaches an ATH like ripple did and then drops 90% forever?
Why would it?
4chan has always been the smartest and the first to everything.why am I supposed to be scared
Like anime Chan and all the bch bag holders?Lmao Lijk8es this delusional
No.
It is simultaneously the smartest and stupidest.
OK OK FINE.
I bought 33,000 are you happy now?
yes you just gotta learn to differentiatedon't get me wrong, I didn't buy link just because 4chan told me to.
that'd be retarded yes, but I did my own research into it and everything points towards it being a great investment.
this.
I did my best to FUD this but was put in place by a some anon in a thread.
He basically explained Link in a technical manner to me and a bunch of FUDers a month ago.
Not sure if that anon is still around.
Thinking of going all in at this price level
Sell my REQ bags for Link?
True true.
Not denying that as retarded as some of the users are here, 4chan has pioneered a lot of shit.
This would never happen.
The universe wouldn't allow so many 4channers to become millionaires.
I would just buy both.
I'm currently 100% in LINK but I'm going to buy REQ soon.
What price do I hypothetically dump at?
$10?
$100?
Where do I buy?
Then you're fucked?
Obviously.
I wouldn't call people here retarded, autistic is a better word.
And I'm gonna trust autists any day, those fuckers are extremely smart and dedicate every waking hour of their life to research and self-improvement.
Money skelly was an autist look where he is now.
Ok I'll invest atleast a few bucks into it.
LINK is heavily propped up on shilling, to this combined with it only being shilled here should already give you a taste of the koolaid.
Follow your gut, when was the last time you heard someone describe the Oracle problem decently instead of "read the white paper" or dyor?
You must have not been following the last US election.
I see people explain it here a lot, no one can take the time to read because they're lazy and want MAXIMUM 24 HOUR gains
Hardly I've seen, there are also daily brainwashing threads for this coin.
Not at all a good sign when no other place see the potential in this coin despite the constant explanations you talk about.
Many sites lurk this board but to this day I cant find chain link threads anywhere but here despite SIBOS and other events.
This coin will forever be known as "that 4chan pnd that's heavily shilled on biz"
I already overstand the oracle problem.
and chainlink fixes that!
you know what chainlink can do?
replace AUGUR/REP and Gnosis with one swoop!
This.
What number should I wait for?
Poorfag here, just bought 30!
Am I gonna make it?
Kek
Someone said it beautifully the other day.4chan is weaponized autism.
Yeah this guy's totally not me too what price fags.
4400998$100 minimum
All that matters is a huge announcement, which isn't dependent on the full solution being up and running
Just like ETH then.
You realise how much that got shilled here right?
And you realise how many people there were like YOU saying it wasn't going to ever happen.
Look at the subreddit, look on YouTube videos and comments.
You WILL find people talking about this if you look for it but it's obviously not going to be EVERYWHERE as it wouldn't be the fucking price it is.
We are early.
Stop comparing it to eth The same could be applied for most shit coins So desperate
I'm not comparing it to ETH.
I'm comparing the shilling levels.
This
Eth wasn't being flooded with 10 pages on the front page all full of the same old copy pasta and appeal to fomo and all the shitty memes Theres a stark difference between organized discord shill raids and people that were talking about eth
Chainlink team are literally useless, can't market so nooone outside of this board will ever actually buy this coin.
It's just 4chan tards dumping on to each other at this point
this tells me you weren't here newfag!
it was worse than LINK!
Anyone has screencaps from early 2016?
The horrible FUD is what made me go almost all in on LINK.
When the best FUD people can pull off about a coin is "hehe CEO is fat" or "they had a conf room next to toilets on the biggest banking conference in the world hehe toilets poop coin" you know it's time to go ALL in.
Link doesn't need shilling.
This is just a nice gesture to inform people about something that will be big.
Link will not move because of some fucking pocket money from 4chan monkeys.
Buy it, hold it if your IQ is above 90 or don't if you hate money, but either way, shut up.The project is beyond that.
The more confirmation everything gets and when everything is ready to run, this will explode like a motherfucker you've not seen before.
When the institutional money flows in we are in the Andromeda galaxy, just like ripple went.
I've been here since doge.
It wasn't the same at all stop using this bullshit to shill your dying coin
4401161I guess you have to be a battle-hardened biz bro to make it, but I'm not quite ready to concede to the buying high and selling low strategy just yet.
Maybe the next link that comes around Ill try it with.
Linkies don't like to acknowledge Sergey dumped his last project
which was?
bullshit.
I was here.
every other thread was about eth.
I’m going to find ETH shilling threads in the archive just for a laugh.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=1nmLU284fIkRead the YouTube comments, sounds like the deluded linkies
Exactly.
There is literally not a single piece of FUD that is valid from a purely argumentative, analytical point of view.
Toilet memes and "muh CEO fat".
The best piece may be "not mooning too soon", but you never know about that.
That makes me so confident about holding it.
When they drop the news bomb, it will be FOMO time.
Oh yeah because Sergey's last project had swift level partnerships.
Not the same moron.
PAID FOR BY: SERGEY NAZAROVShill Inc. All rights reserved 2018
Only hold 1k.
How fucked am I?
billion tokens, 65% of which aren't in circulation.
Node operators only receive 1/312th of a transaction feeNot anyone can run a node, you need data that people actually want Zero actual communication since token release.
Post sibos news was basically nothing.
If anything the post sibos news let us know how much work they still have to do which is apparently a lot.Operating in the US and registered in cayman islands.There's more but it's clear you only see what you want to see.
Same.
Wagecucking to buy as much as I can afford.
Maybe $300 a mo
Those were 90% paid shills.
Or people with bags that needed a pump.
LINK shilling seems organic for the most part.
here, no lambo for poorfags
not anyone can run a nodehttps://youtu.be/7JXpjUr3pfI
/50
Did you read the rest of that line?
I'm sure your data of how many times your favourite jav stars have been creampied is so valuable to swift and Co
Reminder that, early in the respective lives of each, Ethereum seemed WAY shadier than ChainLink.
wait till end december 2017 when swift announces the good news.The fact that you made this thread means people already knows about it, which means it was already announced.
In other words, this is priced in.
Sorry
This is what I never see anyone addressEven with all the money in the world flowing through it chain link won't mean shit for it's investors, hardly some ethereum level moon.
RIP
How much do I need to make $250,000 from this by 2020.
I have the funds
k link
Because they are just dumb fuck shills Every time I post legit criticism and concerns I either have them fixate on one part of my post, or just straight fall back on childish shit like "huur Enjoy killing yourself when link moons" or whatever Its so clear that most of the link tards are from discord groups
Can some oldfags here post screencaps of Ethereum, Ans/NEO or Ark FUD?
I just want to compare it to chainlink FUD to feel even more safe about my investment.
Fuck you bitch bastird, oracle is real problem.
ethereum>oldfags
.4m USD to make 250,000 from link by 2020.Sorry anon.Your friendly neighborhood time traveler here.
let it die guys.
Its broken 2k sats heading to 0 no-ones buying your bags anymore
fine.putting 1 eth into this... if I get burned, so be it.I've spent long enough fudding with toilet memes...
I'll buy your bags.
Node operators only receive 1/312th of a transaction feeWhere in the fuck are people getting this absolute random number from?There's literally no reason to come up with that number.
Anyone making a post using this argument has just proven themselves to be off the charts retarded.The node operator will be paid whatever the node operator bids.
Not the 1/312 number you pulled out of your asshole.>Not anyone can run a node, you need data that people actually want Wrong again, kiddo.
kek, this image has been forever ingrained in my mind, it's perfect.
some of the world's most intelligent investorsshill more.RCN --> Ripio formerly BitPagos
The 1/312th is from sergey himself Node operators are going to set fees as low as possible for reasons of competitionYou need data for people to use your node.
It isn't fucking staking
Node operators are going to set fees as low as possible for reasons of competitionHow does this equate to a fixed number?Node operators place bids.
If they are chosen, they will be paid based on their bid.
Sergey does not hold you at gun point to place a bid of "1/312", you calculate your bid yourself.
If your cost for providing a certain set of data is $10, then you'll bid $10 + profit margin.
Not 1/312 of $10, or whatever the point is you're trying to make.In what world is this hard to understand?
I swear, 90% of this board is literal 5 year olds with autism.>You need data for people to use your node.
It isn't fucking stakingAt what point did I say it was staking?There's an "infinite" amount of public APIs.
Literally anyone with the brain capacity to understand this can be a node operator.I'm not saying you should buy link.
But at least have the decency to do a bit of research.
This.
And I see companies bringing the work to the node operators to put their data on the blockchain.
Just pick and choose.
guys I'm a 10k usd bag holder (3K in QTUM and 7K in OMG).
Should I sell it at a loss (1.2K loss thanks to shit coin qtum) for link?
*100= 3000Well, good enough I guess?
The Chainlink technology will connect offchain data with real world data.
NOBODY has done this yet in a decentralized way, so Chainlink has the monopoly and is the key to a new revolutionary form of data storage
We all know Smartcontracts are amazing and revolutionary...If you mean that message, it was me
LINK is a long term hold man.
I don't see it doing anything this year until next year.
I also don't see OMG going up either (until next year), so yeah.
buy data for smart contracts
dude i just got into rcn after reading about exchange and price dropping to 10 cents, what a fucking steal this coin is going to hit 30-50 cents by april thanks to them having a working product with hundreds of thousands of customers UPON RELEASE (yesterday).
They finish their roadmap in april and already have credit unions lined up as investors along with billionaires.
This is going to blow everyone away
Have you guys heard of Zo?
tinfoil hat on overdrive
4399311>Step 4: Link is only worth 60 mill right now and when partnerships are announced it will go x250 to mimic ripple.
omfg i didnt even see that!!!!
!my fucking almonds man
This is going to be the best Christmas eva
Trips confirm!
4402951What is that screen shot from?
Just bought in at $0.17 am I going to make it?
and trips
I was talking with Zo literally less than 5min agobut I had this tab open and I had to agree to some Microsoft terms so idk man.like I said tinfoil hat overdrive
Yeah give me a quick rundown on Zo
nice trips, she is Microsofts new AI.
Remember Tay?
tfw only 1350 LINKW-would you send me s-some anon.Yes you will make it.
Thx and oh yeah that is weird.
Although I find it odd that the AI would say something like that.
I kinda don't believe, but I want to.
obviously but holy shit that would be nuts
trips
You retarded?
Swap out your BNT for ETH now


look at your ID, it says 7+ mil

kek
There are several whales on this group https://discord.gg/MmXHNwG that were talking about pumping ChainLink up to 1$ very soon.
trips confirmthat IDwhat a glorious thread.
we're all gonna make it.
I don't know how you guys can stay so fucking calm.
We are closing in on ICO prices, I am in full panic mode.I bought in at 9k though so I guess most other people that bought in with me at the ATH have sold a long time ago.
4403518shit is comedy gold
pretty accurate too
Chill.
The price is lowering because BTC is pumping and people are selling their bags to FOMO in like retards, plus the team hasn't made any official announcements but are instead working behind the scenes.You can start to worry when big news come and the price doesn't move.
Prove you're a poor neet and I'll send you some.
You being a loser without valuable data is not chainlink's fault.
shits great
I don't see it taking off because a fucking bank manager isn't going to want his chuck e cheese tokens to wildly go up and down in value from when he buys them to when he uses them.
Cryptos are nothing if not volatile and its rapid change makes a cba of adopting the platform murky at best
is 1162 link enough :( ???
that's all i can afford...
3950 here
3k here
being this much of a brainletYou linkies are hilarious
I just bought 20k of link am I gonna make it?
How much more should I put on it?
Those digits>That IDWe're going to make it boys.
You don't do shit with the token.
Everyday investors aren't the target market.
where do i even buy this link stuff?
srsly asking cause i'll do itt.
pol/ack
Binance
4405901I'm missing what's great about the id
 mil
where do i buy this shit?
i dont see it on bittrex
i dont see "link" on there m8
it's on there.
LINK/BTC
i hope link moons just so i dont have to see 100 linklets reeing threads everyday
Binance
Chainlink would be as volatile as eth, which really barely outside between 275-350.
BTC is volatile bc it's speculated so hard rn, and everyone knows that and buys/sells in.
i found it.
yer a saint sir.
thanks.
but wait, how do i turn this link stuff into actual USD shekels once this stuff moons?
can i do this on binance?
Wanna donate some to me?
xD0xbb493599c6fd44363dab13b859396686b2b57731
You mean Bitcoin because he is the one and only satoshi
trade it back into ethereum on Binance and then gdax
LINK on Binance -> BTC or ETH on Binance -> BTC or ETH on Coinbase -> USD on Coinbase -> USD in your bank account
thank you anon.
i spend too much time on pol, i need to hang out with you goys more often
>Just increased my stack to 10k>$1776.04 Is this a sign of my freedom boys?
expecting an answer
JUST
I want a JUST just for the memeshow do I go about obtaining one
440604039k = 7mil USD 2018
Sorry some guy on here airdropped them a little bit ago.
Idk how else..
I don't want to sell mine.
I'm sorry fellow anon.
what wallet are you guys using to hodl link?
is it available for the nano ledger s?
or do you just store it on a MEW-wallet?
metamask?
heard bad stuff about MEW and metamask.
whats secure?
What's wrong with metamask?
you're not secure anywherethis is the internet m8, nothing is safe from anythingjust leave it wherever and hope you don't get bopped
/biz/ I think this is realI don't own any link but understand this also things that have been spammed were Neo, OMG, Ethereum, DGB on a massive pump.
Also think about it Ethereum was vapor ware before they released tangible information, Link seems to hint at it like Eth did.Being in cryptos you know speculative investments are a gamble but it will be always to late if people understood it.It's always a surprise, of course these fags shill Link then it dumps, OMG,NEO, and DGB did the same things but it doesn't dismiss the fact it can pump to Pluto.
Rule 1 and 2 man
truth.
checked
I FOMOed at .44 buying 2k some months ago.
I've averaged down until having 10k at .25 and at .14
It is relatively secure but from time to time the main ethereum network's node lags a lot, making impossible to move your funds or check the balance (but desu that happens to etherscan too) in an emergency situation.
Apart from this I like Metamask
You're a dumb motherfucker.
They have stated numerous times that they will let their actions do the talking.
LINK isn't like OMG, driving price with hype.
When some of these things they are up to get announced, the market will react.
We might even find out some of these things havent been >priced in yet
Baffles me too, it's such bullshit.
Maybe the market's cooling down.
Those pumps happened during influxes of new money where the overall crypto market cap multiplied