So boys, are we choosing the kikes or the chinks?
bitcoin cash crashing right now, get out!
>bitcoin cashWhat a stupid fucking name
I chose the LINKs
what a couple of snakes
I choose the communists.
kek
How about the South Africans?
Lol
Is anyone going to buy the bitcoin cash dip?
Me.I will at the very bottom.
Chinese investment is awesome because the Chink government won't let it go under.
Look at the absolute shitcoin NULS and have it's not being allowed to tank despite having no product.
YeahAt 0.085
I prefer chinks.
But in the short term it seems there are people with huge bags to unload, and I think the upside of holding bch is limited for some time.
what if the crash continues and it goes back to under 0,1, like the last months?Because at the moment it looks like it loses to BTC.
https://bitcoinwisdom.com/bitcoin/difficultyhttps://fork.lol/pow/hashrateWhich of the above is telling the right hashrate?
The fuck, there is literally no reliable source on this shitty fork competition.
Retarded chinks can not even uphold 0.2 ratio, which would be fair until transaction clogging issue is fixed with BTCore.
>Imagine being a Bitcoin crash bagholder for lifeYou faggots rushed past the arkies in delusion and patheticness and now you are about to speed past the linkies at an ever increasing speed.Drop your bags now or be bagholders for your whole life.
Just so you know...Litecoin is basically Segwit 4X
what about a 50%/50% portfolio of BTC and BCH,as one will probably moon over the next year?Would be a safe win.
4379193I'm waiting for the bottom myself.
I had the foresight to buy the BTC dip, and I think BCH is going to spike again soon, also
It's not a matter of choosing, BTC will experience chain death in the coming weeks and there's nothing anyone can do about it.
My advice would be buy some BCH now and sell it for USDT at x2.
We are going into a very unpredictable market once BTC falls.
4379005Good luck with that, it has extremely solid support at .159
[spoiler]btx will win, but don't tell anyone[/spoiler]
Chinks cant be as elitist as (((them))) there is 1,6 bn of them, so you can expect more meritocratic society.
Not PC tribal gutter
Bitcoin which has nothing to to with Kikes anyway.
Get fucked.
I for one welcome our new DAG overlords.