Short copper futures
actually its too late for youWe're doing forex and indices today anon
I made that GBP/USD call in the last thread.
I was wrong at the time about that pair having dropped without a fundamental reason.
Apparently May was having some political troubles.
I managed to come out profitable, and since that call, that pair has rocketed back up.
Not to say I "knew" that was going to happen.
shiitwell up next on the economic news is asiaIm going long on usd/China for a swing up
took 0.4% loss on copper and now am actually going long, but its a gamble
yeah, be careful with the commodities like crude and copper nowyou could get some intra-day retracements, but if you're long, you're starting to bet against daily time frame momentum
Lol I wanted to buy ruthenium when it was 45 and OZ.
I didnt buy and am getting justed by the 3x increase.
Im using the special stratJust closed for +3%it seems that thewy do a fake out once before going the real direction every day
closed china long +5%
yeah I wanted to buy lithium year ago but never did
Putting a short on the USD/MXN at half leverage
waiting for 1%
australia 200 index potential breakout above resistance, will wait for confirmation of it being treated as support before I scale further into my long position
I was looking at that tooLooks like all indices have entered a bear market though.. a long overdue one, Im staying out
also hk50 good for a long with a tight stop loss
lol never mind it dropped as I was about to buy
this index was hit by some earnings results and China's economic data coming out on the downside, globally, indices are also being hit as they follow the US indices downtrend with tax reform uncertainties.
sheet well I bought the hk50, currently at +1% but... Im gonna hold a little bit
What's that from?
dont know got it from some robinfood thread
quite a large position already on, so I'm going to wait for further candle confirmations, but yeah, looking good as of right nowsellers are definitely showing up to keep this market down though, that's for sure
See how volume picks up near resistance (same will happen near support) - bears are trying to smash through those buy limit orders and push prices down.
Closed HK50 +2%lol Im on a roll I should probably stop for the day
looks like a bearish pendant on my chart but those havent really been accurate in 20 years..
Rip Yen
putting a buy at 113.040 with a stop at 112.988
4368212What exactly is the difference between FX and Futures?If you know how to trade one can you move to the other?
Can you make the same amount of money using either or is there some difference where one is better as you have more money to throw around?
https://www.fxcm.com/insights/what-is-a-forex-broker/we're not actually buying futures contracts directly (most of the time) in forex
instead of saying 'buying' I should say 'dealing in futures contracts'
I suppose gold and silver are FX, but futures like copper cobalt other metals are commodities so there is less room for speculation, its 100% TAyou can use your knowledge of fx to hedge on commodities, but thats over my headOil is the most popular I think, there is a lot of speculation and volatility
kamisama no memochou
looks desu desu
they are very different.
its like comparing apples and tennis.
forex is currency market, like yen and usd.
futures are a contract to buy or sell an item (anything) at a given time in the future.
you could buy Forex futures if you wanted buy you could also buy wheat futures.
shorting the Eur/Sek for no reason but gambling
4369860I'm not getting it.
I thought you could Forex gold, oil, silver but you could also Futures gold, oil, and silver.
look up difference between futures and ETFs and CFDsforex are exchange traded
no.
ForEx is Foreign (currency) Exchange.
Like exchanging USD for Yen.
futures and ETFs and CFDs>forex are exchange tradedI have no idea what any of this means.
Can you please spoon feed me?
Yes but you can Forex with gold, silver, and oil.
And I think they added bit coins recently.
I'll have to check my email.
forex brokers sometimes offer you ETFs which is futures without having to buy the contract.
CFD is same
(I don't think you read the article)you need to go to a futures contract broker to deal in futures contracts directlyotherwise, what we mostly do is spread-betting (and use of CFDs) https://www.investopedia.com/terms/s/spreadbetting.asp
Gold etc might be part of the forex markets, I'm not sure.
You can buy futures contracts with anything.
Futures contracts are traded a lot, but they're more often used for hedging rather than investing.
You probably shouldnt trade futures.
Or ForEx for that matter.
4369940Thanks!
(Don't know who this is but have it)
bitcoin futures are CFDCFD: contract for differenceallows you to bet on the price long or short without having to buy a futures contract.
You can simply bet on the price
3d
43701014370092 This is confusing and it seems like you're all saying different things.
Which one is the best to trade between stocks, FX, and futures if you were somehow good at them?
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/f/forex-spread-betting.asp
4370141
lol we saying the same thing
You guys think the euro will drop more?
Read in this orderhttps://www.fxcm.com/insights/what-is-a-forex-broker/https://www.investopedia.com/terms/s/spreadbetting.asphttps://www.investopedia.com/terms/f/forex-spread-betting.aspIF you are spread-betting (which can be done through the use of CFDs), this is not the same as using a futures contract, directly.When you bet on currency pair/ commodity prices changes, you don't don't have to do it through directly dealing in futures contracts.
You can do it through spread-betting.
Are you telling me that spread betting is just gambling?
Although, spread-betting availability depends on where you live.
In the US, people mainly use options/futures because I think spread-betting is less/ or totally not allowed there.
It would be better if you read for yourself.
it can be just put as "gambling" but that's very simplistic.
I'll be frank, I honestly don't think this sort of stuff would suit you.
It's not for everyone.
all trading is gambling... with the CFDs you can use much greater leverage
http://lexicon.ft.com/Term?term=contracts-for-difference
Shorting the Aud/USD
took profit on aud/usd short +2.2% fucking awesome
4370361>honestly don't think this sort of stuff would suit you.
It's not for everyone.How many pips can you earn with your trades?
lol pips are just satoshis for dollars
I don't understand your memes.
How many pips did you risk and how many pips did you earn?
nigger you dont earn pips a pip just represents the change in movement
there's not always a set amountbtw, my interpretation was that you were confusing what is actually "spread-betting" when you were saying 'FX'foreign exchange is the currency market, it's not the same thing as commodities and stocks.
If you want to speculate on forex pair/commodity price movements, the easiest ways are: spread-betting or derivatives (like futures)
Once again I have bought the HK50we're buying the hk50 today anon
 does it matter?
How much movement in pips can you capture?
Damn why is this place filled with autist?
Ok
lollercaustYou can capture infinite pips, as the price of something can go infinitely high
Perfect time to buy the HK50 with a stop loss at 28922
 Ok I'll just assume you can't capture many pips.
Maybe 5 pips is the best you can do.
spread-betting (which can be done through the use of CFDs)Although, there are some differences between spread-betting and CFDs (which are a derivative)https://www.ig.com/uk/spread-betting/spread-betting-vs-cfds
does it matter?
How much movement in pips can you capture?
Damn why is this place filled with autist?because your question makes no sense
lol guess so
There's just a lot for a beginner to take in, which is why I'm linking all this shit.
Breaking it all down simply is kinda hard for me to do.
Do you see this?
How much of this can you do?
Please note: Rukiaberg Fund started yesterday.
current returns: -0.5% lol sorry guys.
it was -4% before today though
Just copy my trades, in the long run we will be rich anon.
Someone give me a reason to stay on this board please.
I can literally make like 20% in a day or two.There doesn't seem to be anyone around here who I can learn anything from besides jargon.
Whenever I say anything or ask about different topics I'm unfamiliar with everyone just assumes I have no idea how to day trade and treat me as if I'll never learn to day trade.
Yet the reality is I can yield like 50, 100 even 300 pips in a single day trading FX.Someone give me a reason to stay around because at this point it seems like there's zero reason to.
we both know you arent leaving
30 minutes until HK50 opens up from break
This short, for roughly 150 pips, during NFP a year ago in August was the last time I came around here.
I don't think I'll be coming back around here again.There doesn't seem to be any day traders around who can do anything besides bit coins.
And everyone just seems so toxic here.
interesting, well, hopefully we will see you in roughly 3 hours when all the world indices open
There's no reason for me to stay.
It doesn't seem like there are any traders around who can teach me anything and the average poster here just talks down to me and tells me I'll never make it when I already know how to trade very well.
those are shills.
Us here on this thread are white peoplewhat more could you, possibly have to learn?
you must, play the market day by day
Alright boys lunch hour is over The Hk50 is open again and its going upand also down
what more could you, possibly have to learnI don't know?
I'm not an omniscient trading God.
I'm trying to improve at my craft.
I only know how to trade FX.
That's why I was asking about other platforms or whatever it's called.
I don't know anything about stocks or futures.
I thought maybe I could learn something here but apparently not.
This has not been a fun experience for me.
be honest with me, are you actually not trolling?
you actually didnt understand what we were saying?
how have you been trading a year and not know about ETFs and CFDs...
pretty sure he's just combining random words
Fuck
lol uh oh, that slow bleed
there mustve been some stock which just got hit with bad news, that came out of nowhere
taking a hit in china too, but i bought this point, hopefully no breakdown...
4371774Because it doesn't matter?
It's like asking a race car driver to explain aerodynamics or why a certain tire works better.
Or asking a basket ball player to calculate how much force he needs to make a 3 pointer.
Like does it matter?I have a bunch of post showing my trades in another thread currently up.
if you are saying "I can make 20% in a day" you arent very expiericed.. because I can make 100% in a day, doesnt mean I can everyday.
risk management will stop you from losing everything
I'm not even going to argue with you.
I'm done explaining myself.
I actually meant safely.I ACTUALLY have a trade posted in the other thread where I took an account from like 5 or 8 dollars to 100 dollars.
Anyway thats great that you can do 100% in a day.
Good luck with your trades
lmao thats nothing kidcheck out this picture.
theres about 20 pages of this.
Took 50 cents to $150 day trading litecoin plus.
thats 100% multiple times a day.
I did this until they said they were shutting downAnyways, theresonly room for one forex thread, so leave it to the pros ;)
If that falls below that support I have marked, I'll be forced to reduce my position size.
Shit happens.
we may have just misinterpreted what you asked, don't take it personally
seems the australian index gets impacted by commodity prices, quite drastically
hk50 is going up now but if it decides to go back down after this bump rukiberg fund is taking a 2% hit fuuuuck how embarrassing
which ones?
like industrial metals?
yeah, stuff like copper, nickel, ironmining industry exports a lot to China
>No appropriate instrument in the list
to china>hk50fug I know where this is going
OK HK bounced back +0.01% basically broke even the fund is safe
shorting copper now.
I think we have a sideways trend
Strong downward movement, followed by a volume spike is indicative of sellers meeting an area of support, in the form of Buy Limit Orders.
Fundamentals indicate to me that this market currently has very little upward potential, if I'm being realistic with myself (I want to be wrong, since I'm currently long, but yeah :( ).
It'll range at best.
doesnt seem so badthis time period looked like fun
don't listen to OP, short wheat
unlimited risktook +1% profit on copper short
Putting in a short for the Aud/usd pairUsd is also went down so much lol shit
Larger drop, with little volume indicates buy limit orders have been pulled-back/filled around this area.
Will wait for further confirmation of downward break, before moving towards reducing position size.
At times like these, it's possible for larger buyers to strike and create a false downward breakout.
They they hit short stops and send prices shooting up, using this method.
how many hours till aus200 closes?
just reopened around 40 mins ago I thinkscalpers/bots using a moving average may just push price down further too, may have to take that into account, as it'll be a weaker move, so may not have to reduce as much of my position, depending on how things go.
Took profit on aud/usd short +2%haha the fund is doing well now
OH FUCK EUR/USD MOONING
Candle close beneath support, Must see prior support turn to resistance.
Oh fuggg :DDD wads goin orn her :D
the usd dollar is fucking freefaling I dont knwow hat do
fucking JUST go down or up you fucking piece of shit
Which is the recommended broker platform for you guys I am all in to get onto this train
Im going long usd/jpy but I might regret this
I use 1broker
OK I DONT REGRET THAT!+3% on usd/yen pair
it sucks that the mc was a total and complete retard and literally ruined the series and its ending

>HE ACTUALLY SHORTED THE MIGHT OF AUSSIE INDUSTRYHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
lol its closed on my brokerhowever in 10 minutes the dow and everything else opens up.
will be the final push for gains after this USD/MXN short
taking stocks personallylmaoAUD/USD is just a vehicle for commodities speculation
god damn copper is still going down.
wish I held my position longer
Yeah, I take AUD/USD personallyGOOD THING IS THIS ISNT EVEN THE AUD/USD PAIR THEN HUH?
NO DONT GO UP
reminder at midnight here (3 minutes) all world indexes open up and this may cause big volitility in currncies and everything for a moment
JUST WENT ALL IN ON THE DOWPLEASE WORK
NO NO NEVERMINDTHE NASDAQTHE DIP IS EVEN BIGGER
Yeah, aussie index will follow them, most like.
Maybe have established a bottom for now though
Dollar has crashed way down, all indexes bear market or at least consolidationits pretty relieving I guess, everything was too high
spanish market Ibex35 Is the shittiest of shitIll probably hold nasdaq as my last position of the day
fuck it I closed it +0.35%too scary, looks like its about to drop again
OK, I just went all in on BMW stock now lmaoit hit the floor
short the EUR/NOK
forex is crazy right now
>multibagger advice, gtfih, DYOR on hotcopper>asx biggest opportunity>under radar>i am the one who told you to buy into GXY one year ago faggotsnaaa just buy BAR Barra resources 6c will be 11c min at early 2018 (cobalt/gold) with JV Mark Creasy (kekin rich faggot, insider info) and Bass metals BSM (graphite/lithium) junior producer at 2c expect 7c by early 2018 (top management)
t-thank you talking dog
I gotta say it's interesting to see how things are in global indices.
People were so confident that those levels could maintained, and yet here we are.
I can always get over my losses, but it kinda sucks for those longer term holders who would've gotten in near, what seems to have been, the peak.
im gonna start a cobalt/graphite thread
it was basically free money all year longbuy every dip of any powerful indice full leverage and by morning youd have +5%.
but it was ending when the fed stops pumping money in the market, or, I think they already stopped
ill always regret not buying lithium
Tax reform was the leading that has caused this overall downward trend, I expect there to be some level of retracement - but then so does everyone else, and all it takes is a good panicking before a whole bunch of stops get triggered.
Things wouldn't have gotten so out of hand, had this massive bullrun, before/during US earnings season, taken place.
*not taken place