Are you fucking stupid?
Buy Powr NOW.It's a fucking miracle that I stumbled upon this coin while trolling plebbit.
It's the best investments you can make and I have moved a quarter of my worth into this coin (about $110k).
This coin will either make me a million or push me into the crypto millionaire status level.
Let me explain something to you guys-The days of mooning for no fucking reason or over rumors are over.
People's [fairly large] investments in DGB went down 2500% over a rumor, which is fucking hilarious but also very sad, which is why we won't see that shit anymore.
Crowd psychology is adapting and events like DGB leave a bad taste in everyone's mouth.What's next?
Real world application.
We've left the hype phase and now investors want to see implementation.
I think even WE'RE sick of hype pumps that go nowhere, because for those of us who don't get lucky with exit points, we get left in the dust.Enter Power Ledger.
Holy fucking shit.
Do not listen to the FUDers on this one, you might actually KYS if you don't invest in this.
It's currently trading at 25-30 cents and it will go a dollar within days to a week then 10-15 dollars within 6 months.
People always make the mistake of entering when it's too late, don't be those people for once in your miserable and uneventful life... make a win for yourself.1) Powr has a partnership with Origin Energy, Australia's largest energy provider, they also service NZ and India.
This is not a rumor, it is an active partnership.
2) One of the team's founders is the deputy mayor of Perth, which is the capital of Western Australia.
She has a PHD, multiple masters from Cambridge.
Look at her linkedin- https://au.linkedin.com/in/jemmagreenThis crazy bitch is heading power ledger.
Think about that for a second, I know it's hard to image her level of accomplishment when you live in your mom's basement and subsist off hot pockets and have brain damage from too much fructose corn syrup, but she is not to be trifled with in the world of academia.
I trust her to make me a millionaire, she has a top tier academic background, finance, and public service experience all to her name.
Sergey can't even control his own weight.
Disgusting.3) Tesla will announce a partnership with Powr.
The Powr app (yes they already have a working product and support systems such as apps) are designed to work with Tesla's home battery and car charging stations... Power Ledger will be the link between Origin's framework and Tesla's home batteries.
Yes, they are still in talks, but if this goes through the price will instantly go above $10.4) They have become a government backed crypto- 'nuff said: https://medium.com/power-ledger/australian-government-awards-grant-to-8-million-project-in-the-city-of-fremantle-using-the-power-2dbadfad50aeHere are some tv reports on it:>https://youtu.be/1Vd36T44h-U?t=4m20 [Embed]>https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-6H4_59W1oY [Embed]In conclusion, if you do not buy this coin you're literally going to kill yourself in a month when it goes 25x.
Please, PLEASE do yourself a favor for once and don't buy shitcoins like REQ or Chainfuck.
I know you hate yourself and constantly want to sabotage your own attempts at success because daddy hits mommy but you don't have to live like that.
You can change.
You can be better.
Your life can change for the better.
I'm going to become a millionaire off this coin.
Join me.
The days of mooning for no fucking reason or over rumors are over.Tesla will announce a partnership with Powr.Stopped reading
How can a coin go down 2,500%
LMAO.
It looks like a pink wojack
/11 shill OP, just bought 500k
Should I wait for a dip after this run or will it keep going past $.30?
If it’s pbc pick it will hit 1$ This will keep pumping until Monday, though I could see a correction to 25-27c
CUT MUSIC: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8pQYtmb-f0w
what is PBC?
dips not coming
public?
4435332same pasta, same reply, not suspicious at all.
palm beach confidential
That scam?
no thanks
not a pasta, I wrote this.notice how I didn't mention anything about PBC.
Powr stands on it's own.Listen up fags, buy power now.
You're going to regret it if you don't.
cap it
you wrote this and then posted again in what, 4-5 hours?
why are you shilling so hard if it's legit.
THIShow many times do you need to copy paste this mate?
4435785Because I posted it at 7am and none of the American neets were awake