Who's holding and who's selling?
Discuss.
I'm personally holding as I think this is a long term one for me, although it is tempting to make a quick buck.
going to hodl as long as these partnerships keep rolling in
waited for the dip after the ico>decided to hold onto my link and req bags hoping they would recover after the fork nonsense instead of selling them and buying powrkinda wanna kill myself now
I'm holding what I got at 3k and swing trading the pumps.
Holding.
Holding 5k coins until next year
holding of course.
Its gonna go to 5 dolls pretty easily (some downtrend here and there coz pajeets want their 20$ instead of the fucking million).Dont believe me, read the wp, look at the team, the marketing and how they make deals with anyone easily.
The most legit trend this month is POWR.
And its for hold, not a pnd pajeet coin
People ITT, are you fucking serious?Power Ledger is going to a billion dollar market cap, EASILY.
There has never been a more surefire coin to hit that number, meaning there's a guaranteed 4x coming within weeks.
Have any of you done any fucking research?!?
Jesus fucking christ.Secondly, Omisego went to an 8 billion dollar market cap with a sort of shitty partnership with Mcdonalds in THAILAND, a place where no one has any money and no one eats mcdonalds in the first place.Power Ledger has backing from the Australian government, a partnership with Origin Energy which is AU's largest energy provider (which also operates in NZ and India), a partnership with billion dollar India energy tech company Tech Mahindra, and a confirmed partnership with a yet to be named Thai energy company.Oh yeah, their smart grid will be goin live in Fremantle, Perth three weeks.Does anyone else need more convincing??
FUCK.twitter.com/lambolydia
I guess no one said they were selling in this thread, I overreacted.But yeah, don't sell.
4x within weeks, another 5-6x is very possible, will likely continue to rise but the next two moon missions are safe betsfollow me on twitter I give good advice and tips for free - twitter.com/lambolydia
me toi've held tight since 3200 and i feel really good about continuing
omisego went to 8 billionlol wut
 million MY BAD SOMETIMES WE MAKE MISTAKES.twitter.com/lambolydia
DRAGONSLAYER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
hold it baby.
this will be a 3-4 dollars coin in no time.
holding does seem to be the best option right now, just keep a close eye on it.
altcoins == shitcoins and shitcoins can be fucked pretty easily by whales
McDonald's is one of the largest companies in the world throughout the entire history of man kind lmao.I know the food in american mcdonald's is shit lol but get some perspective.
dude did you just respond to your own post like you're another person
nvm i'm a shaky brainlet on vyvanse, oopa
holding until 5$, then reevaluate the market, the roadmap and the achievments still ahead.
How do i buy POWR?
You guys are betting on Jenna's dirty milkers?
should I buy through https://powerledger.io/?
I just looked at their website for their roadmap... they aren't even going to deploy applications until 2019.
This isn't a bad coin but for now it's a P&D.
Sell soon, this will go the way of LINK once the hype wears out.
After weeks of Sergey I'm enjoying this new meme
no you buy on an exchange like Binance.com
POWR in Thailand Confirmed.Thank me later.
Happy family circle jerk day.
LINK dumped because it has a one person team that does nothing.
You can't compare it to Power Ledger
Source?
LINK dumped because it's a useless token that won't do anything until a couple of months.PowerLedger is going to be useless for over a year!
https://twitter.com/hellenoreilly/status/932992406705729537
This is the comfiest hold of all time, buying more when it dips to 9000
That's already old news - that's why it pumped from 6.9 to 9.3.
Real confirmation would be a release from Power Ledger.
dumping for QST... Thailand announcement is priced in by now, and QST could pull off the same growth.
Hold through the weekend.
Trust me anon
sauce pls
I'm planning to hold a long time.
Missed a few entry points to accumulate more... keeping an eye out.
I'm going all in on this shit.
9500.
What a surprise
will it hit 10k?
Sellfags BTFO
Where are the nudes?
Enron 2.0 or a dividend investment Not going to work long-term.
Yes Yes we did
HOLY SHITI'm so glad I fomod into this shit!!!!
>I just went all in at 11200AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
> BAKAAAAAAAare hitting 1 dollaru today?
cryptowatchhahahhahahhahahahahhahahaha
fuckin /biz/.
You just watch something go up 300% in a week and decided now is a good time.
>sold at 10k sats because I thought it will go down a bitwhy am I such a brainlet
Just took half profits
NIGGA I DIDNT WENT AT 5K BECAUSE YOU NIGGAS SAID THISTHEN I DIDNT WENT AT 7KTHEN I DIDNT WENT AT 10KI WILL GET RICH OR DIE NOW, FUCK THIS SHIT I WILL ALWAYS FOMO AS SOON AS I SEE SOMETHING NOW
at least you aren't me
Ouch bro
damn manstill you made profit, look at it that way
fuck :(i did similar kindai got at fucking just 1k sats.. i sold half at 2.5k then the rest at 6kprofited so cant be mad but fuck me i should have made so much more
we are the POWERMARINES
30min candle's a shooting star, set stop losses to protect your profit guise
$10k profit thanks to my Jemma
dipping?
4504215I didn't buy when it was 700 sat and someone told me about it fucking kill me already
when to sell?
next year
yeah but for short gains.
when do you think this pump will be over?
It's dipping now if you're talking about the next hour or so.
probably it will peak at 11-12k then drop down to 8-10 within a few hoursquick recovery to k though once the ladyboy announcement comes
its very risky.. i did yesterday and i sold and bought again but i was about to do the same shit later today at $0.74 fortunately i stopped myself.
i wouldnt risk to sell
based on?
its literally mooning
It's under 11k sats.
literally jack shit
then please stop spouting random numbers.a lot of people using TA tend to spot the same supports, resistances, and places to take profit because we use the same / similar indicators.
figuratively, actually
yeah i was waiting for this response
no
This coin defies all laws of coins, just HOLD don't fucking sell, you cannot predict the dips and the pumps
dip @ $1 ?
surely some people will want to cashout
yeah and more people want to buy
FUCKING HOMO COIN GO $1 ALREADY
this is my thinking and target no way there wont be a retrace there suerly
You can't dump this coin.
This coin dumps you.
How doni get my LINK back into ether delta from my ether wallet?
I sent 10 LINK test amount and it still has not shown up from last night?
people sold at $0.65/$0.70/$0.75 for this meme reason and now they are getting fucked in the ass
thats the plan, hits $1 sell, price will drop , rebuy lower
Log in to etherdelta with your etherwallet pub/priv key, click on LINK and it should show up
Sold at the last peak, got a nice return.
Of course I wish I had held now but whatever, I'll take my gains and be happy.
there is a limit though obviously i dont claim to know where it is but you realise it's not gona keep pumping one way forever
FUCK I BOUGHT IN AT 4k sats AND SOLD AT 9k SATS BECAUSE I THOUGHT IT WAS GOING TO GO DOWN AGAIN, I KNOW I MORE THAN 2x'd BUT I WANT MORE AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH
yeah but you have to realize you cant fucking predict it.. you really gambling.. safest way is to hold because its going back up
Once you sell you can never buy back in again!
selling when its mooningsome people really
sell high buy higher
Eh I used to think this, but everyone actually tries to sell around the same time or at similar targets.
this is the dilemma mate, I certainly think there is more of a psyhological barrier at 1 dolar than there is 70 cents
4504617this
I PUT A STOP LOSS BUT IT BOUNCED OFF IT DON'T MAKE FUN OF ME STOP STOP STOP
kek.
tbf this happened to me.
It's only a problem when you're in a mega bull run.
But as long as you keep compounding you'll outpace the holders.
lmao thats rough
I need to get off PC, where should i set my sell order and stop loss?
Seriously, where's the anti-TA cuckold from yesterday that said he wanted to buy back in at 7.5k?
tfw cant set stop loss on binance JOOOSTED
If anyone missed the train, you shouldn't blink in the next 5-15 minutes and look for one or two red candles and that's it before it goes to 13k sat.I'm no TA wizard, just a low life anon, don't listen to me.
Im having trouble trying to figure out how to get money into my wallet.
Then plan on buying PWR.
Can anyone help me?
what.just buy BTC on coinbase or kraken, move it to bittrex or binance and buy power there.
what stage are you at?
Starting stage, been monitoring vairous coins via Binance for some time.
I have an account just to autistic to figure out how to add money to my wallet to deposit into Binance.
I am from Canada, give me a break lol.
Coinbase sounds like an easy way?
Hello.
This is Lain.
Take some profits here.
We will see a nice dip soon, about 20%, before resuming slow steady uptrend.
to be honest mate if you're struggling with this you probably shouldn't be investing it's pretty simple you go to deposits/wthdrawls and then copy your deposit address to the exchange you're going to be sending the btc/eth from
just do what you were told autismo, buy btc at coinbase then withdraw to your binance btc wallet and start trading.
I hope to god it dips back to 50 cents.
When's Operation Dragonwhatchamacallits happening again??
I hope alts dip so I can buy
coinbase, buy btc then transfer to binance if you want to trade
Yeah Coinbase, buy Ethereum, then transfer to binance eth wallet and buy POWRIf you buy Bitcoin, you will get assfucked by fees.
kek good luck faggot
Please prove that you are Lain.
Are you just saying this because we got our first pink candle in a while?
I would trade on Bittrex because you can set stop losses.
Who doni get my LINK back on ether delta from my etherwallet just send link to my etherium on etherdelta address right
who the fuck is lain
The dip starts now.
Just hold your horses to find the best entrance.
I'm not gonna say it.
before you put money on bittrex make sure you are verified!
If you arent you will have troubles getting your money off of the site.
I put money on 2 weeks ago, went to get enhanced verification, it failed, and customer service hasn't responded to me in 10 days now.. Glad because I'm making sick gains and can't take them out, but pissed because they are holding my funds hostage after I've submitted all required documents over a week ago.
Do it, but don't put your fuckin rent or any serious amount in before you're verified.
Also don't use btc, buy ltc or eth to transfer, it goes through in like 10 mins as opposed to 2 hours like btc.
heyt boys we go nostradamus here
Hello, again, this is Lain.
I repeat, take profits now.
There will be sideways action here followed by about 20% dip.
Excellent entry point about 5 or 6 hours from now.Lets all love Lain
tfw sideways action b4 this pumpdesu though realistically I don't see how it can go that much more without a retraction
and risk giving up my position?
I don't care about a chance at a 20% gain by buying a bit lower when I'd potentially lose my entire position as it blasts off to 11-13k.
I'd rather hodl and get a fat pie instead of fighting for bread crumbs..
This is the first pump group I'm actually making money with --> https://discord.gg/svrKKHc Join us and make some sweet percentages.
We got LUN, GUP, MCO and BITB last weeks and they all were major success!
Trust Lain.
Lain has been a power oracle so far for reasons Lain cannot reveal.Lets all love Lain.
You have been warned.
Thank you Lain.
Please tell me if I am safe going to sleep with a buy order at just under 10k sats.I thought this would dump at 10k and sold.
I want to get back on this.
Thanks lane, woke up today with 1k profits and now waiting for the dip to enter
This Anon is also right.
Even though it will dip, the uptrend will continue and we will pass the current ATH soon.Sell now and re-enter 20% cheaper if you want that discount, otherwise HODL and we will be back at the current price in about 2 days.
This shit is going to 15k dawg, order at under 10k is a sure risk.
I’m getting off this wild ride.This token is killing meL8er lads
thisyou cant be possibly be able to sell ATH and buy at the dip again many times to make it very profitable in the long run.. its just stressful and you prob make a loss long run
this a joke?
Reddington standing by.
Will check back in 5 hours.
Is it still early days for this crypto?
What price are you lads predicting we hit in 2018, what is your moderately high sell target?I'm thinking of putting 1BTC in, so don't shill to me.
I'm going to invest anyways I'm just wondering if I should wait for a dip.
Already watched and read plenty about Power Ledger, just haven't read the white paper yet.
I know it is, but not today, right after this big pump.
It's gotta cool off and refuel for a while.
Probably reach 15k tomorrow.I don't want to buy back in at a loss.
Fuck I was so sure it would dump because of that big sell wall at 10k.
If I get back in I am gonna be seriously wary of selling at $1 now.
yeah you can wait for a dip but still we find this coing will 10x early next year
when do you guys think is a good price to buy in some more?
Could be a bit more than 5 hours.
Don't count that as an exact estimate by the minute.
Just watch the big dip later today.
Fuxk you, you fucking niggers put out a pump for bitb at 55 sats, muted the chat so nobody would call you out in your niggertactics, then put out another pump 2 days later at 44 sats where it is now stuck.Join this group if you're absolutely braindead and want to lose all of your money
The dip later today will be the lowest price for about 2 weeks.
Get in then.
Just look at the Bollinger bands anyway, they tell the whole story.
A dip is due soon, sell now and buy back in later.
You faggots are so greedy and deluded.$1 is the end of the road.
What happens when they announce that they sealed the deal in India in a few?
InvestorClose 4chan and go celebrate, it's gonna be big next year>Quick buckersSell NOW before it's too late, the crash's not gonna be easy and you'll be sitting on fire with your capital stuck at ATH for a few days.
I'm expecting 10x sometime in 2018 as well given how well this ICO started out and how it has real tangible news driving it.
Not just some shitcoin with a whitepaper and promises.
I'm starting to believe in mommy Jemma Green.
Been thinking about POWR since it was 25 cents, but I'm too cautious.
That cautiousness helps me avoid falling for shitcoins like so many do here so I think it's an asset but I have missed out on the train so far.
Honestly man it's so hard to time the markets, I'd increase your position every day or so as long as it still has good volume and a solid up trend.
After a few days you should be in it entirely, then its about seeking an exit point, which for most of us won't be for a while!
And you don't seem to understand.Anon...if you only knew what was coming.
If you only knew what Lain knew.
HODL $10k in POWR now and you can retire in spring.
butter chicken curry token airdrop for each powr you hold
this is the dipbuy now or get fucked
holding until whole market crashes and i lose all my moneys
But it's not the bottom yet.
Buy now and get fucked harder if you want tough dicks in the ass though.
this is just the beginning its not going to cash any time soon
Yes it's the dip but let us see if it's just beginning.
confirmed 10.5k is the dip
That is one stable dip
No, not yet.
Its going to keep dipping for a bit.
Re-enter later today.
Not a huge dip, but enough to take profits now and re-enter cheaper.
No fears though as we will be seeing a new ATH later this week.
it's testing the support, nvm
Less than 10.2k and dropping.
It's like I'm talking to myself.
I'm out guys.
Cya.
Nah fucket every time I exited this week so far I woke up in the morning and regretted it.
Taking a risk on this one.
Don't.
The risk you're taking is big.
11k is a good sell point
if it goes lower than 10k its goin down HARDyou should sell if it happens, no support until mid 6000's
It's basically not even that big of a risk.
It won't crash hard and fast unless there are some damning news.
If it goes down it'll go slooow or fast and then correct itself almost immediately and then go down slow again.reference: the bull trap that was two days ago because of the PBC news dump
its not even a risk, these dips are just fluctuations that come in every market.
Look at this coin since it has been released, it has been a steady winner since day 1.
What is it with /biz/ and wanting these same-day-every-day 1000% gains?
This is a very solid trade, it may take a few months to realize it's potential, but if that makes you uncomfortable then just allocate whatever portion of your portfolio your comfortable sitting there on it for a while.
Have a portion of it in a longer swing trade, and have the rest available for your day trading gambles if you really feel like you always have to be having action and not making real money.
buythedipbuythedipbuythedipbuythedipbuythedipbuythedipbuythedipbuythedipbuythedipbuythedipbuythedipbuythedipbuythedipbuythedipbuythedipbuythedipbuythedipbuythedipbuythedipbuythedipbuythedipbuythedipbuythedipbuythedipbuythedipbuythedipbuythedipbuythedip
The dip will bring us down to about the 6k range, yeah, but we will be back up again quickly.
If you want to enter WAIT FOR THE DIP.
Do not buy ATH now, Anon.
Dipping now, what's a good re-entry?
LESS THAN 10K SATS SELL EVERYTHING
LOL 6k you're fucking DREAMING
i bet you $500 that its not going down to 6k
>tfw just bought the dip and got back in at 9990 satsThank you Lain for the tip off!I don't even care if this dips further.
I'm not fucking selling this again, to risky.
This coin is solid as fuck.
I already bought at 11k thats why im saying thisIts too late for me, I cant sell anymore, but you guys can still make it
Bought 12hrs ago....
I YuM happy PAJEET
k?
thats a pretty steep drop
I sold enough to make my initial purchase back.. the rest is all profit
THIS is the dip
What is 6k in terms of cents?
Want to get comfier.
Give me a nice limit achievable in the next 5 hours
Took profits at 10100, looking to rebuy back at 7k
It's really not dude.
A ton of us called the breakout from 7.4k yesterday.
Tbf that was seen from a mile away though
No worries.
We will be well past 11k later this week.
No shill.
Lain does not lie to Anon.
I would never have gotten into crypto if not for /biz/ shilling me into ETH back in the pre-boom days.
Lain is love.
Lets all love Lain.
i just buy and holdim traumatizedjust make me rich pls
lol it's about to fucking go parabolic in an hour HAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHA
kekit's happening matey.
if this holds now we are gona go up to 1 dollar at least for sure if we have double floor at ~10k sats
Dunno 6k seems VERY optimistic, but I'll put my buy at 7k, if it really goes to 6k whatever, can't always hit the peaks and bottoms.
just bought at 10.1k, with the signal
What is the realistic chance of this coin reaching $10 or even $20.
Not this year obviously but in 2018 or even 2019.
Does it have that kind of potential?
I actually reconsidered, it can probably flash dip to 8500 but that's probably the lowest it'd go
But he missed on 40% gains and he could have sold now.
(When we give you guys signals did you think we were saying to hodle for the rest of your life lol?)
at around 8000-9000
Wait for the bottom I mean.
Why would you buy mid dip?Also, one we meet the previous slow creep up support line that we were on last night, we will do a bit more sideways action for a short time, then take a larger dip.
Wait until the larger dip bottom to buy.
Once we hit bottom there it will green dildo back up.
Do we sell now?
Its going below 10k
Price per coin doesn't really matter as much as market cap.
$10 per coin means a 3.5bn mcap.
I'd say it can, but who knows.
Sell now.
Buy back at the dip bottom, or just HODL for a few days and we'll be back up at current price
mil - 1 bil sounds realistic af$1.5 - $3
Think of it this wayin 10 years even if 1/4 of the people in the world have solar "things" then this coin's value will completely skyrocket past anything we could imagine.
I'm sure a ton of people called for it being a scam coin and crashing to 2k sats also..
Rebuy target according to fib retracement(the most legit technical indicator) 9100, 8500
sell now, buy back in at 7500 where the supportline is.
crypto'snot too hard.
Look at the chart in 30 mins.
Until we bounce back up on a crossover on the stoch rsi we will be dipping or doing minor sideways with more dip.
Buy back in when the blue line stops and crosses back up.This has been TA with Lainhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_W1P7AvV17w
lol fucking idiots thinking it's going to drop past 9k when it's just going to keep going sideways until it goes parabolic again
Just fucking drop bellow 10k fuck.
I had a sell order on 10k because I thought it will dip a little after 10k
better safe than sorry, don't get pissed at us when you lose 30%
Called it based on actual indicators.
wheres that shot from?
implying you lose any if it just goes back up in a couple daysI've been in around since 5k i have no fear here
it gonna drop.
its just going sideways because a set amount of people are FOMOing
I'm just holding my 1k worth.
I'm not gonna try and predict shit other than it'll keep going up
I've lost and gained hundreds of dollars on POWR within a matter of seconds.
Doesn't matter in the long run as it keeps going up.
It's just consolidating now.
Next week people will be buying in at 2k SAT, because of FOMO.
Talk to us in a few months.
I believed that too during my first moon mission.
this could be the run to 1 dollar this is really strong hold here
DROP TO 9500 YOU PIECE OF SHIT
Tradingview.
Get the 30 day pro membership, then cancel it after 30 days and get another one, or just get the basic one with less allowable simultaneous alarms, etc.
so much greed here SELLLLL THE GREEEED SELLLLL IT
You obviously know nothing about this coin if you think it's going to drop past my initial investment of 5k lmfao
k was as low dip as anyone here will ever get again
I sold some other less solid coins and invested more into this one.Now off to make some money
here some advice but in crypto u never know
It's doesn't matter how cool your coin is.
price is not based on fundamentals.
explain this shit, all im seeing is the colors of the powr rangers
oh, ~actual indicators~, my bad.
100% chance of you being right, let me give you my money... >gais my Fibonacci lines and pi swirls are showing a triple top up with an inverted head and shoulders, all signs point to DA MOOOONfucking idiots may as well be drawing fucking tarot cards.
powr rangerskekIt's an anon drawing a bunch of lines then making a bubble where he hopes he can reclaim his position that he sold and hopes to get back in on.
bought 7.5 POWRam I gonna make it?
Is this where you got the 6k?
should of bought in the dip
UWAAAAA~IT'S CRASHING!
Thats the hype phase over.
If you didnt sell get ready for a long stagnant decline over the next 6 months just like all those other "coins of day" that used to have multiple threads here but havent been spoken about ever again.
District0x, link, zrx, digibyte, blockcat, walton, mod, nuls, monetha, golem and on and on
sell now or get fucked
It was actually the kumo breakout on 30 min candles.
Arguably 80% chance since that's how much of the trend the indicator captures.
4505874FudThis shitnis gonna hit $1 when australia is waking up
Going up to 13k by end of day
Remember all those times you wished you sold at the top.
This is it.
implying im selling during a puny ass dipit's still WELL above the fucking average line retard
You should HAVE learned English grammar
Would you rather buy at a low price, let it have it's intraday fluctuations, and watch it go up every morning you check your blockfolio; or buy high sell low at every dip while you try to catch every 5% movement that occurs during the day resulting in retarded trading fees accumulating as well as you actually missing out on all of these "opportunities".You want to fight, stress, and obsess over 5-10% movements while the rest of us bought in a week ago at 3.5k sats and are sitting back enjoying our gains.
Meanwhile you probably don't even have a position in it and are breakeven trading this thing trying to come out with some extra crumbs lol.
thanks for the volume and liquidity though, I guess.
Which is you sell dumbass, it retraces back to average if the trend remains bullish then you buy back in.
I cannot wait till you fucks get absolutely annihilated.The devs have partnered with a pajeet technology corporation.They produce dog shit, they abandon countless projects.This coin will not go anywhere, prepare to be slaughtered, this is the next confido.
FUD of all FUDs lmfao you're a poor nigger that didn't get in sub 7k huh
lol.
Stay poor faggot
arguably 80%how do you argue statistics, do you even math?
You don't know the chances of success over the long haul of your ~indicators~ yet rely on them as though they're signs from god.
AND IT BEGINS HAHAHAAHA
aight i hold my hands up i've sold
It took 12 days for me to receive a response.
It felt like a million years.
I watch the entire BCH saga unfold.
After I provided what they wanted, it took about ten hours.
For me it was because I had two accounts at one point that I had funded with money from two different sources.
I hadn't used the second account in months, but I entered the same phone number when I opened both accounts.
Anyway, it is resolved.
Hang in there.
dont say i did not warn you dumbfucks thanks for the 3k
If you arent you will have troubles getting your money off of the site.Unless you withdraw less than 3BTC?
Spoopy im selling it now
weak handsenjoy your FOMO
trend lines are crossing in this zone and important fibo lvls , learn some fucking basic ta.
Have fun with ur bags 30min macd crossing incoming
thanks to that Lain guy.I don't know why I believed you but I did and sold before it went down.
Ty man
mate if iwas smarter would have left at 11000 but too greedy
thats if they accept your basic verification and don't require an enhanced.
I can't even withdraw the .025 btc...
Good time to buy in boys.... Resitance at 9600...
And we're stabilized on the average.>BUY >BUY >BUY >BUY >BUY >BUY >BUY >BUY >BUY >BUY
Lets all love Lain.
I'll give a buy signal when the time comes just after I re-enter myself.
Until then I'm gonna eat oatmeal and practice Satie for my upcoming performance:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0WNCBPdetG4Love,Lain
resistance at 9600yeh for 2 minutes lmao
just hold its fine.
some pajeet selling for 20$.
its going to 2$ eoy top
WHO IS DUMPING ???????
FUUU !!!!
Got out at 9650... Should have got out sooner.
Oh well still made gainz
Not yet.
Nowhere near dip bottom.
It's just stalling for a minute at previous support line.
It'll depend on the market, not every commodity is going to have same success rate for an indicator.If you want a single number for a specific commodity you'd have to back test it against that and run some simulations.
I gave you a broad number because that's about the % of the trend captured during extensive back testing for other commodities.
It's up to the trader to pick the appropriate tools, friend.
have fun with ur bags>implying I haven't been in since 3.5k sats.have fun chasing every minor fluctuation while you pour money to the exchange.
>learn some fucking basic tata is garbage, no thank you.>guys its implying that it will go down to here!with what certainty?>..huh?you know, 25% chance, 30% chance of the indicator being right?>uhh, ya.. we don't know the chances of the indicators being correctSo you rely on indicators, which have no testing, no historical data to say "this indicator has a 60% chance of reliability of leading to this breakout", no nothing?>umm ya but dude its fucking analysis with lines and shit, look at this fib sequence bruhya.. no.
Time to enter the next rocket anons.
Look into QSP!!
Yeah, a 20$ sell brought down the coin by 10%> kek.
Almost rebought at 9.5kI think this will fall a bit more
Shit i'm bidding at 7500, is it possible that it will go that low?
Today I learned on POWR, that I should learn TA first.
Set those buys for ~8000.
third dead cat bounce inc dont say u weren't warned
 I HAVE THE POWR !!!!
Looks like it's bouncing and stabilizing :)PREPARE TO FOMO IDIOTS
I re bought at 96002
Sure, best of luck.
Power is one of the coin running on hype, debacle is imminent once holders realize hype machine ends.
they not even ready with testnet forgot about mainet.
Yes.
I'd say 6500 to 8000 would be a good entry, depending how risky you want to be for lower entry
just added to stack again at 9500buy all the way down and up this ride is just getting startedain't even seen real FOMO yet
The only ones selling are Americucks.
Every morning all the alts always collapse whenever Europe and Asia go to sleep.
Weak hands across burgerland.
checkkkkkd
running on hypeok so literally every popular coin including bitcoin, got it
How do you know when it's facing resistance on a shirt timescale
this buy is going to make me a very happy boy
running on hypestop with the fud already.
BUY ITS REVERSING
its true, i'm a yank and we are weenie traders.. sad.. maybe when they see investors making more than traders that will change with crypto
So glad I re bought at 9500
Its pumping again!
Now what?
repeating dont get sucked in lads
now fucking sit there and let your bags get fat as fuck over the next few weeks dingus.
Kumo clouds.
They coincidently also capture fib lines.
People actually listening to this TA twat.
TA didn't work on this the last four days, why today?
4506240Are you people looking at 1min graphs or something?
Stay poor retard
Secondary boosters deploying!?!
450588445059674506039450615545061734506211GET FUCKED STUPID NIGGERSHAVE FUN FOMOING YOU FUCKING HOMOS LMFAOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO BTFO>pic related its my personal POWR windmills
indeed
lloool we going up again
wtf are you talking about, it worked incredibly well lol.
because muh fib lines, muh kumo clouds, muh head and shoulder, muh no historical evidence of TA ever working or being profitable ever
I've seen alot of shilling for Funfair, is this a shitcoin?
I'm new and i've seen alot of anons in here falling forr shitcoin, i dont want to make that mistake
wait wrong pic
WE BACK BOYZ
Energy coins are going to be a dime a dozen within a year.
An Australian one is not going to be the game-changer.
You can count on that.
Going up to 1 dollar
I got FOMOd wp /biz/
go make a thread about funfair, this is about powr you faggot
we got a real Nostradamus here guys
How do you think professional traders trade?
How do you think algorithmic trading works?
Yup, Kiwis and Aussies are just waking up and wondering why the fuck all their work and gains just went down.
Now the rest of the world has to do all of the lifting again thanks to weak Americucks .
people who are making more money than you are trading incorrectly
Algorithmic trading is based on standard deviations as well as backtesting large sets of data.
TA works if you've backtested your strategy and it's proven to work, not just assuming it does because of meme-magic.
wake up>spark up ciggy>open dare ice coffee>check blockfolio"fuck me mate">brush teeth>put high vis on >goto work
Not yet.
Still more dip coming
POSITIVE SIGNS
Fucking idiot.
You think TA alone works?
No it's a tool to give better forecasting to the actual decision makers, not a tool to make the decisions for them, and it's not fool proof.
Or else there would only be bots and no human traders anymore.
Trading as in FOMOing?
That's all I'm seeing from Americucks.
Don't bother with /biz/, bunch of Pajeets FOMOing into the first 1min green candle.
Just wait 1 hour and the place will flood with red wojaks when it dips down to 8k.
professional traders trade?by buying two correlated stocks in the same industry and hedging them 70/30 in their portfolio.
Traders now a days just rebalance portfolios and make sure their computers are providing enough liquidity for the markets.>how do you think algorithmic trading works?but inputting those algorithms into a black box and allowing that computer to make those trades flawlessly, ever adding information and data to that machine to make it ever more and more efficient.
Most algorithmic trading done is done by computers doing high frequency trades and scalping pennies.
Usually accomplished by front-running, or contributing those stocks they sell from a dark pool they have in their firm.
You looking at fib lines on your computer screen is =/= billion dollar funds with quantum computers and MIT programmers.
You were just complains about them selling the top :)Anerifags wole up 5-6 hrs ago btw
HOW MANY OF THESE IDIOTS ARE FOMOING RIGHT NOW AND LOSING MONEY WHILE I SIT DOING NOTHING GAINING LMAOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Sold at 9490.
Want to kms.
Wat do
This, I sold some LTC and bought 184 more powr at 9500.
Wait a few hours
The best thing is when you use meme magic and it actually works most of the time.Get fucked nerds.
I made these lines HOURS ago
Re-evaluate and do better next time.Also I would buy back in at 9800 if it got down there again, but can't promise anything and it might even crash more giving you more reason to kys.
WHO KNOWS it's crypto
POWR is going down to 7-8k sats.
we going back up boys, gotta hit that $1
fuck i just sold mine and now its pumping again
If you got 100 people on biz to create their own TA then at least one would be right I guess.Also TA fags, isn't this a cup and handle?
Get fucked idiots
Again, more dip coming.
Patience, Anon.Love,Lain

Just wait you impacient retard.
Dems some nice windmills.
How many POWR one of dem settin yer back?
Thinking the 30 min stoch rsi will bump here in the next 30 min timeframe or touch the passing line, but then cross back down in one more smaller hill before actually fulling crossing up, for TAfags ITT.
about 100 POWR, pays itself off in 7 years
So what now?
Sold at 9900 will it dip lower
Where's that TA faggot now?
Guys TA is a ginormous waste of time and resources.
Find coins that are undervalued and buy them.
We are gambling here, but be educated about it to make the bets in your favor as often as possible.
If you want sure, steady gains, then get into the actual stock market and hedge your bets with an index fund and its correlated inverse.
Really.
If you want steady nice gains, put 70% into something like SPY or UPRO and 30% into SH or SPXU and rebalance it every week or so.
it looks like it's refueling for takeoff like previous takeoffs yesterday looked like
Aight guys, im gonna go do nothing while i passively generate income hodling this coinExpect a breakout in exactly 3 or 9 hours from now.
Don't FOMO too hard :)
That's my point.
They either FOMO or sell everything when there's a tiny hint if corrections.
If you look at the nice steady rises that are sustainable that's usually when the burgers are sleeping.
Yeah for some reason us Americans have a hard time not being "in the action".
Every little dip or every little pump is IT.
meanwhile the bots are just eating these fools alive.
I'm a burger that has a reverse sleep schedule, can confirm, as soon as it hits 12PM EST NA time literally every fucking retard sells
P&D groups are taking advantage of a coin with massive prospects (3 clear P&D spikes on the chart) and on a clear steady rise.
It has now stabilised again.
You won't see it tipping bellow 9500 ever again.
Maybe not even below 10000. t. I own a ruler.
How dumb would it be to take my money out and buy later?
Whats the price target for tonight you guys think??
I'll prob climb 250 stats every 1-2 hours until it reaches wherever it's headed.
Probably at least $1.50.
Still predict more dip is coming.
It'll do this at about this price level for a little bit longer before dipping more.Also, for anti-TA friends, everything I've been saying about POWR the last 24 hrs has been from TA.
Pretty high accuracy rate (100% so far) just from coincidence if TA is a meme, ay?
People only thinks its a meme because they don't know enough about it.
They learn one indicator or such, then when it doesn't work>TA is a memeIt takes awhile to get good at it, but with proper autism intensified perseverance in learning as much it as you can, it is very accurate.
You just gotta make sure you're checking many available relevant indicators to get a fuller picture and not just basing your predictions on a single sign.Love, Lain
Patience noobs.
Go grab a bag of dewitos and watch vampire diaries.
i give up, i shouldve hold.
ill wait for the next dip
So where to get started if I want to novice the TA meme?
No lie that dip made me want to end it all.
glad im still holding tho lol
fuck you you fucking faggot i shouldn't have sold
retard you take profit not sell everything.
It looks like a steady climb if you ignore the 3 P&Ds.
I cant see it dropping below 9500 ever again.
Yeeeaaah.. no....
I've seen a lot of TA bullshit the last 24 hours, You saying you've been correct doesn't make you correct.
I've also been 100% correct since PBC dump, but I haven't been drawing fuck all on charts to make these guesses.It will be nice licking your tears later
What does TA mean
We might make a climb back to ATH here actually, then travel flatline a bit before dipping.
Dip still coming.
Enter again now then sell at ATH or wait for bigger dip coming.
Hi Lain, I followed your instructions and am now over 4k from 3k only 24 hours ago.
I am learning how to use multiple indicators to anticipate trends.
Rather than trying to time the dips, I just lifted my 14000 sell order and am letting this rocket run.
Will evaluate after holiday weekend.Do you think Americans will withdraw in order to do black Friday retail purchasing or will bitcoin mania make people look at crypto, especially penny coin as a potential gift/3 week Xmas investment ?
very dumb, do not lose out on your position in this coin to go after a fucking dumbass potential 10-20% dip.
Buy a ruler.
Zoom out on the chart.
Use said ruler to make a line on the bottom of the dips.
Move ruler up a bit.
Ignore the abnormal increases in volume and price spikes caused by P&Ds.
If you see that sell and rebuy again when it bottoms out.
If there is no new news and there is a massive spike in volume and price.
This coin is going places and will do so for a few days until it finds its top.
These artificial P&Ds are risking killing its genuine news based momentum but also causing the climb to be gradual as a result instead of a giant upswing.
meant for not 
Total Assumptions
Not sure on this though.
I would wait for larger dip coming this soon o be safe.
they aren't artificial p&ds.
They are retards sitting at their screens like you guys are doing, and buying it when they see it going up, and selling it when they see it going down.
it just goes into a reflexive feedback loop until there is no more volume to sustain it and it levels out and starts again.
let's all love lainon
I'll prob climb 250 stats every 1-2 hours until it reaches wherever it's headed.
Probably at least $1.50.What part of that says to go chasing the P&D dips?
You can easily spot them but I wouldn't bother.
Like you said, its fine if you want to make 10-20% but if you get it wrong you can lose just as much.
making 5% on them with 25% of your stack isn't to bad though and fairly low risk.
They are clearly orchestrated P&Ds and not based on actual news.
The P&Ds have killed this coins chances of a news based moon mission unless it is something insane like they are contracted to run the entire planets grid.
Burgers continuing to sell at the smallest profits whereas Asian and Euro bots are buying up cheap coins.
Must be lunchtime in Burgerland, gotta get that McRib!
Thanks pal
It was in response to the wrong post, I fixed it in this post 
I'm not sure about that anon, binance is obviously being botted to hell right now with multiple small exact same sell/buy orders and DBZ instant fighting for the top position on the order book
oh... lol.
Ignore what I said then :)They are P&D groups taking advantage of a coin with massive potential.
Zoom out and look at the volume changes and chart on a bigger picture.
There is no reason for the sudden spikes in volume and price unless half the EU getting home from work counts.
No new news, random pumps.
It is a P&D group.
Don't fall for it.
Hold or ride the waves they make but don't give them your money and trade during them unless you can see whats going on like an autist.
You will only lose vs a group like that and their potential bots or binances own bots.
Anyway, 250+ stat rises per hour until $1 where you might get a natural dip then back up to $1.50+ IMO.
P&Ds aside.
Sell now or cry later muhahahahaIts entertaining watching you goyims buying and selling so high
fuck it.
I'm done trying to time the dips and pumps, I'm already down 150 pwr from my starting position some hours agoFUCK YOU LAIN and fuck your pump and dump discord group you're orchestratinhg this with
I think those numbers are from an autistic programmer who is playing the mathematical trading game somehow.
They were t 1-10 with the odd 30 yesterday now they are higher.
Or maybe they are indicators to show how the market is going.
Like you set 1 on every buy/sell and then after 50 set 10 after 100 set 30 so it'll come up how high or low it has gotten as part of a program that sees those numbers and knows when to input large transactions based on the data.
Or binnaces bots are broken yeah.
What's your opinion on this?
Are you holding or flipping?
Today was the first day I completely fucked up trading this and it feels bad.
For some reason wasn't zooming out and reading the chart right, mid session I just said fuck it and bought at 10750 for swing trade and HODL.Of course when panic started to set in and people started FUDing the whole project here I sold at 9800.It looks like perfect ABCD and the same shit was happening last few days, but I'm not sure for next few days.
I want to buy and hold, but this fucking dump today got right into my hearth when I sold as I panicked.. instead of wait for it to consolidate.
Blame it all on Lain for being a limpdick, you deserve to lose all your moneys
I don't work with PnD groups.
Swing trading is risky.
As I said before, you can try and time the swings, but it's safer just to buy low, sell high on large swings than trying to scalp.
If you want to try and trade these dojis in case they reach back up to ATH, go for it, but as:says, its safer to just wait for an obvious sign that this dip is over before entering, which has not happened yet.
For sure, I always ignore the intraday fluctuations.
I'd rather have the cake instead of the crumbs.
There is no way this isn't gonna get dumped hard but at how much sat?
I sold at 11k and am waiting to re-enter.
I'd rather miss out on some swing profits if these dojis climb higher than get stuck buying at the upper wick of the doji star then having the dip continue and me being stuck with the high buy
4507179Been saying for ages now, BUY AND IGNORE THE BULLSHIT.
It's been going up steady since day 1, why are you fighting for 1/10s and 1/8s when you can sit back and enjoy several hundred percent without the stress and losing of your moniez.
If you would've bought when /biz/ brought this coin up a week ago at 3.5k sats and just sat on it, you'd be up atleast 200%.
But it's more fun and valuable to chase the 10%ers here and there, right?
That's what they said a week ago at 4k sats...