Won't happen today or tomorrow, but it will happen...
Who is paying you pajeet?
16 hours of shitposting won't buy your way out of the shit street!
Before you decide, get the facts on Bitcoin Cash
I just don't see how Core-fags think there is any future in bcore except speculative.
bcore is shittechnology, it's like bringing a WW1 tank in a fight against the A-10.
At least give us a babality or something for today, I just want to recover then you can crash all you want lil cashie :)
normies don't give a shit about Roger Ver.
They ask "what is bitcoin?
what does it do?
"muh s-store of value errerreethen they call it a bubble and buy gold instead because they're normies.
to go mainstream it needs to have some ability to exchange relatively quickly.
not 2 fucking days.
boomer-tier meme
how long does it take to buy gold?
hint: more than 2 days
just like btc
bitcoin value props:1. store of value2.
fiat alternativenormie:1. why buy crazy "bubble" speculative investment that could go to zero when I can buy gold or get consistent returns from mutual funds?
hint: you don't have to buy actual gold, see SPDR Gold Shares (GLD).
2. takes 2 days to transfer?
the fuck?
how am i supposed to pay for shit with this?i hold both but bch has a better crack than btc at achieving both goals.
refer to my shitty meme if you're wondering what's going to happen when it hits coinbase in Q1.
You're assuming that coinbase isn't gonna make buying and moving BCH sloth levels of slow like they do with BTC.
And on top of that, if BCH overtakes BTC in the market you can say goodbye to crypto in general because there will be no trust if everything can turn upside down overnight.
if BCH overtakes BTC in the market you can say goodbye to crypto in general because there will be no trust if everything can turn upside down overnight.+1oh your bitcoincash?
A superior version came out :^^^)
Lol retard, everything aside from Bitcoin would moon if that happened.>ETH will be the next King>No you dumbass, XMR will be the next king>You idiots, LINK will be the next KingAlts will see a bullrun of epic proportions thanks to the speculation on who gets to be the new king.
nice meme
ergo crypto is never adopted en masse
there is no single reserve currency stock, therefore stocks will never be adopted en masse
Come on anon, you can't be this naive.
BTC goes down, alts tank.
BTC goes up, alts also tank.
Everything will be absolutely worthless if the volatility skyrockets like you are suggesting.
Normies don't care about moving it from coinbase if they consider it a store of value.
Only degenerate traders like us give a shit.When crypto is actually used in commerce it will be in a way that reduces friction: cards like TenX/Monaco/whatever, and ATMs that (eventually, hopefully) don't tear your asshole to shreds with feesThe shift of wealth from btc to bch will likely be a sloooooow burn on coinbase, and will be accelerated if btc isn't able to get their shit together.
Normies know to diversify, so they will buy both at first.
Then they'll read more news about how bitcoin cash is better and start the real flippening.
By the time it hits the masses (for normies that don't get a coinbase account within the next year or two), those mainstream adopters may not even know what bitcoin vs bitcoin cash is.
Bitcoin cash can assume the bitcoin name and btc can be called bitcoin core.
Too many players in the crypto upper tier to know what's gonna happen.
So I hold both.
But man, I've been leaning towards bch since the splitShit ain't gonna happen overnight, but its too early in the game to say "bitcoin core is the king forever and ever.
this is the tech we stand behind even if its rife with problems"
"bitcoin core is the king forever and ever.
this is the tech we stand behind even if its rife with problems"Let's switch to something better than both
unfortunately the bitcoin name has too much brand recognition at this point.
it has to do something of big value to get people in the door.