if you didnt make a profit during the btc-bch wars, then you shouldnt be trading crpyto
I made 20% profit then lost it all today and then some.
That's what getting greedy gets you
this.
you can't trade off hindsight.
made a shit ton off ED shitcoinsanyone fucking with that BTC/BCH bullshit is as good as gambling.
>during the btc-bch warsim a vulture.
i came in for scraps when i saw it was ending.
shorted bcc at 2200, long btc at 5600
Should know when to hold them dude.
I made a nice little profit pulled out, then got a bit greedy and got back in at the wrong time, realised "fuck this dont need to be greedy" got the fuck out with still a little profit.
Made back about everything I lost from the BTC spike a couple weeks ago, which is good enough for me.
Would have been up 100% if I didn't sleep through the second spike to .4, but I fucking went to sleep an hour before hand.
That's life.
It was a fun run, and I actually was hoping to see a post BTC world, but despite all the shilling it was a pretty fucking stupid idea.
you're right.
that's why i don't trade more than one or two times every couple of months.
Ultra conservative and only made $75.
I owned a whole BCH that I bought at $550.
Sold at 0.10000001 sats for the keks, bit me hard lter.
Could have made 2k
Let's not talk about it
Know that feeling, i got in when bth was at 1050, kept selling and rebuying, shoulda have just rode the wave to 2k
tfw made insane profit doing quadra trading between eth, btc, bch, and usd
The comfort of hodling is much more appealing to me than the stress of trading
I made a profit... then I sent my bch to another exchange to cash out for the day and it got fucked during that...
In the moment, it was ridiculous to assume BCH was going to go from $600 to $2500.
No regrets.
Good way too think of it, though if i just rode the wave I'd have alot less gray hairs going through, i could have even slept if i just rode it
I was at work watched the whole thing.
couldn't trade....
working
if you didnt make a profit during the btc-bch wars, then you shouldnt be trading crpytoLink to your post where you called it in advance?Or did you just get lucky by following /biz/ shills?