BTC will be sitting nicely between 6100 and 6200 for now.
What do you expect could happen that will make it drop or rise?
Both BTC and BCH seem to now have stabilized.
Where do we go from here?
BTC never settles.We are going to hit 10+k in December.
Massive infighting and uncertainty>we are going to 10K
Looking at order book on low volume exchangewut
BCH>stabilizedIt's slowly dieing.
A moment of silence for the fomo buyers ........
4321903 (OP)>>BCH>>stabilized>It's slowly dieing.
A moment of silence for the fomo buyers ........Still looks like a rising trend to me
You are right, 20k in December.
Just catching their breath before another go at it.BCH will break 3k by tonight.
Mark.
My.
Words.
You will be happy if you can substain the current price
They're less noisy, traders always respond to all the other exchanges and do so less erratically than for example introduction of a new whale volume.Unironically possible.
It seems that market consensus is that BTC will drop to ~$5250 (safe) or $5000 (more risky) and then will start going up up to at least $8000.
BCH going up one more time before end of night 2,000+ conservative estimate
they are buying before the next bull run.
we gained 60k over night on bittrex over 160k volume fuck you mean
they are buying before the next bull runBut buying drives price up, not down, what do you mean?
$5k support minimum.
All price action beyond $5k was inorganic and nothing more than a bunch idiotic Pajeets looking for easy Hard Fork money and stupid FOMO normies jumping in at ATH's.
Its a house of cards.
We trade sideways for a couple weeks
Just curious, I know basically nothing about BTC but what the fuck do you buy with these?
4322070My bad didn't have it set to log scale.
Looks like it's still holding up well.
Hmmmm..
It looks like a bull flag forming.
applying TA to a pnd
final settlement for fake money is 0thanks for flushing out blockchain tech, Goldman Sachs appreciates it
It's no wonder Bitcoin isn't in free fall right now since people can't get out even if they wanted to as transactions are not moving at all.
I believe this is what keeping the 1MB blocksize is intented to do; prevent rapid downfalls like we saw in early years of Bitcoin.
The idea is actually comforting.
Can't get out, might as well entrench.
I've already made some % trading ETC/BTC.
It's pretty weird that BTC is ranging this hard, but feels safe.
I hope
Anything and everything
jesus why are kids on this board so delusionalbitcoin will literally hit 5 figures by 2018if you cant gander that from the all time chart then wut are you doing here.
just sell and go jerk off
I thought this exact thing earlier.
When the difficulty adjusts for bch shortly and the miners start mining btc and clearing those blocks, they'll be a lot of transactions hitting the exchanges.
Surely it's going to drop?
brainlet here.why is there a gap between buyers (green) and sellers (pink) ?
More like 4200-4500 support.
That was the correction I expected after the fork pump without this Fucking chink manipulation.
If btc doesn't get to sub 5k levels even with the biggest coordinated fud crypto has ever seen Idk what could bring it down.
Make it or break it I suppose
But there is no real need for them to panic sell anymore like when they initiated their transfer to the exchange.
The situation has stabilized slightly on both sides.
Less then 1 hour until BCH difficulty increase, so unless there is some last minute manipulation about to happen there shouldnt be that much of a hit to BTC.
They have huge buy walls that angry bagholders are feeding.
Do you think roch chinese and korean investors dont sleep?
They know how to make money, and they are buying this shit like crazy.
When is the exact diff increase?
https://fork.lol/34 mins
LMFAO if you think this is over... just wait till this week.BTC will crash in burn into tiny pieces with you assholes left holding the pieces in your accounts LMFAOGET OUT WHILE YOU STILL CAN!
My plan is to wait until the difficulty drops BCH then buy at that time.How can I read this chart to find the next diff increase for BTC?
Hope so.Cant wait to read reddit bagholder tears.
They are so happy that wave1 didnt flip them and calling out an early victory.
Fuck those naive sheep in the ass.
Think of it like two sets of football fans goading/tempting the other from a distance but not yet brave enough to get Mano e mano
Literally 1 week ago everybody on /biz/ was saying BTC will probably go down to 6k before hitting 8-10k by year end.
Why does /biz/ have short term memory loss?
Nothing fucking changed; bitcoin cash is still bitcoin cash; there is no hard fork coming up now, literally everything is okay and BTC went through a healthy correction to the 50-day average before it goes on another moon mission.
Ya'll need to smoke more weed and chill.
Last night was literally>everything thread: BTC IS DEAD>everything thread: OH WAIT NOW BCH IS DEADNot even /pol/ is this sensationalist.
This is one of the worst boards, nothing goes over 100 posts and it's all crypto.When /jp/ was made there was only a handful of Pokemon threads on /v/, they were just really annoying.
Cyrpto needs it's own board.