How high is it gonna go?
no one cares about this here
Bought yesterday.
Holy shit.
It's not 
Who cares?
Isn't it like 900% above ico price?Projects are a meme, just make profit and run.
$10 eoy
Please tell me why the token is needed.
Free micro transactions turning eth into an iota killer for machine to machine transfers
Yes but how are they free if a token is required?
If it's free then the token serves no purpose.
Are you going to answer the question?
So is it just a valueless token?
This will be a $1b market cap coin by end of Q1 next year.
This is easily a $5-6 by EOY and $15 by Q1 next year.
Accumulate now and forget about it.
Can you please tell me why the token is needed?
Where is the value proposition.
Faster and cheaper large transactions for ether and tokens.
I don't need to do your research for you, you could have found that out a lot faster by yourself
KEK the shittiest i could think of.
Obviously you have no idea what the fuck you invested in, like 99% of this fucking retarded market
You see I have read up on it and everything I've read said the token is optional and ETH can be used instead or whatever token you want.
they added the token last minute and said "we want money" was the reason.
I am not even bullshitting, it was in their Q&A
It's used as a fee for Raiden transactions for people who don't want to set up their own nodes (ie: 99% of people) and for auxilliary services (ie: services that brainbot and third parties will build on top, things like Raidex for example).Microraiden itself runs on RDN:>µRaiden uses its own token for payments which is both ERC20 and ERC223 compliant.>In a nutshell, clients (subsequently called "senders") wanting to access a provider's payable resources, will open a micropayment channel with the provider ("receiver") and fund the channel with a number of tokens.
These escrowed tokens will be kept by a third party contract that manages opening and closing of channels.https://github.com/raiden-network/microraidenFinally it will most likely serve as a governance token too but brainbot didn't promise it probably waiting for the american and european regulations relatives to tokens.What puzzles me is why people keep repeating the same FUD despite all the infos being like 3 clicks away.
doesn't matter it's all hype son
Everyone wants money, you and me and RDN devs included.
at least other ICOs claim to have a use for the tokens being sold...
This was just a straight up moneygrab, even Vitalik was like "umm guys wtf"
You seem butthurt, next time don't swallow the FUD like a bukkake slut.
i was present at the RDN ICO but decided not to invest because they are obvious jews about the whole thing