CHINA BANNED BITCOIN MININGITS GONNA DUMP!!!
Why did they only ban BTC mining and not BCH mining though?
Coupe, why do you think core people are fudding so hard?
is this confirmed?
they banned power to miners.
What do you mean ?
Electricity?
This is overall bullish.
Bad news for BCH though
bch can survive a hash power dump better than btc
man its fake
BTC mining is about to become more profitable with these cartels gone.
It will be fine

Time get a pos coin aka neo.
Bitcoin is a scam
should I dump BCH now?
by what logic?
bch minig difficulty auto adjusts now
So BTG -AKA Bitcoin GOLD is now the best DEZENTRALIZED solution for a stable coin mining.
Everyone knows BCH is a shitcoin.
This whole event now looks like an exit pump by Jihan.
Lets see how much longer the price will hold up if Chinese miners are truly gone
yeah 10minute blocks regardlessholy shit the flippening was planned by the chinese state they probably even set up core and blockstrean as a false flag.
they've accumulated a huge amount of bch just like they've been doing physical gold
BTC gonna correct to -$6kBCH gonna pump to +$1700
good.
then i can dump that pos and then invest all the btc i get in acid.
fuck this crypto.
i'm not cut out for it.
get in ETH now.
BTC and BCH will both dump
BCH will be unaffected by this because of the newly hard forked Difficulty adjustment algorithm.Timing coincidence?
I guess that depends how naive you are.
Especially in light of That's a hell of a lot of coincidences all aligning for what looks to be one hell of a bitchslap for core.
If all the hashrate power stops tomorrow that means BTC will take months to adjust its difficulty.
I hope this wasn't a lie, I just went all out of Bcash and all in ETH and NEO.
KEK
Even if true, the mining difficulty will adjust within days...no big deal.
Stop spreading FUD, especially since you obviously don't have a clue about how BTC mining works.
This isnt fake.
But it's dated 11.3.2017, why hasn't the market reacted to this yet?
Power as in electricity or power as in Power To the People?
priced in
Maybe they kept it a secret until now?
Which is basically the same as banning miners.
Sometimes there's news that's so bad that everyone pretends nothing happened for a little while.
It’s not fake, but it’s not the whole China, just one of the states Seizchun, yeah the one who makes the seizchun sauce
The article says the Sichuan power company has issued a warning to bitcoin mining enterprises stating that they will no longer be providing power to them because "using power to produce bitcoin" constitutes an illegal activity.It's a single company though, no idea how important this one power provider is and if it all other will follow suitby the way,>all these first-world neets with tons of inherited resources>not a single one of these retards has enough drive to learn the second most spoken language in the world>have to wait for a third-worlder to come translate it for themthe absolute state of /biz/
ITS GONNA DUMP!!
!DUMP of cheep mining eqipment
choke on a bag of niggers you filthy dog boiler.