$BTC has been bull running since 3K with virtually no corrections besides the $BCH scare.
It has nearly TRIPLED its value in 3 months versus the past 10 years it took to get here.
If you don't atleast see SOME type of problem here, you are caught in the euphoria/mania phase.
I wish you guys luck when you could have sold BTC for 8500$, within a few weeks you'll be seeing sub 3000$ or if you're lucky 5500$Be fearful when everyone else is greedy.
You know it's not right, deep down, you know it.
I WOULDN'T EVEN GIVE A FUCK IF IT WENT TO 3 THOUSAND FAGGOT OP.
DO YOUR KEGELS AND STOP WORRYING LIKE A BETA PLEB.
I sold at 8300 because of this bittrex shit, needs to be resolved
sold at 8299 this morning and will stay comfy at least until after the difficulty adjustment
The problem with this phase is that you don't know when it's going to end.
You can sell now and be safe, but then you're leaving money on the table.
You have to try and read the signs if you want to extract the maximum profit out of your investment.
Those who are wise will read this and understand.
So you wouldnt care if you could have sold for 8300 and bought more at 3000?
Or sold at 8300 instead of selling for 3000 if you wanted to keep USD?Sounds like you're a dumb fuck spamming caps with no logic behind what you're saying.
Bought at 7800.
I literally don't care anymore.
I could have bought at 2500 but I was "waiting for the crash" and got to greedy each time.
When it crashes I'll buy even more.
I just went 50% into fiat.
I'm actually getting scared because everyone else is greedy.
I think we're in for big correction soon.
44862164486262
It's basically people like you who are leaving into fiat that'll eventually cause the fall of BTC.
Which is a good thing.
This needs to blow up.
Guys, don't what to do when it will crash...FIAT: taxes will take 30% in my socialist country (france)USDT: scamWhat are the alternatives ?
will tip the good answers in eth
all other coins have been dropping when BTC drops.
put it in fiat and leave it, reinvest after the crash
So, we are the Smart Money since Institutional Investors are just on the verge of entering the space?
fiat is not an option, because of taxes (30%)
Cash out with person to person irl deals, laumder money
Yes.
We're at "take off".Bubble will continue to grow for 5-10 years and hit 500,000.
nice to see this shitpost every 500$ btc climbs
Institutional investors are well aware of Bitcoin.
Just hold.
Only sell when you really need the money.
"New Paradigm" is BTC at 200k$, which doesn't worry me mid-term.
This chart is basically COMPLETELY USELESS except in hindsight.
Stop posting it to "predict the future".
What coin can I hide in to dodge the depression.
Ledger seem less politically charged so I'm much more interested in their products on that basis alone.
I don't like companies becoming politically involved, especially with regards to my money so Trezor can fuck right off.I know Ledger's nano wallet has been out for ages and I've been thinking of buying one but I'm kinda expecting their next generation hardware wallet to be shipped soon, how long do you think before they announce a new device?
*yawn* another one posted it.Number 721 since 800$.
Sage goes in the option field
stop me if you've heard this one before...not this shit again
dodgecoin
Bitcoin at 3k?Altcoins would be dead cause everybody would jump ship to it.
As long as Bitfinex keeps whipping up the tethers they can push Bitcoin as high as they want.
$10k, $100k, $1 million, what difference does it make?
It's all fake money anyways, and as long as the price moves up they can keep the game going
Like what if tethers was the Trojan horse that kills crypto.
Who could be behind this henious act.
This is exactly me.
Dai
So long as there is FUD we will continue to climb the wall of worry.
The music will stop when there is only good news and no one left to buy.
who indeed?
Which is a good thing.
This needs to blow up.fuck you, Jaime
1929 is now

this graph is a meme

Don't you get tired of making these threads?
I've been seeing them for the past eight months.
Institutional investors are not allowed to buy bitcoin yet.
Laws etc...
I keep seeing this chart as if it's time for a crash.
You realize there's no time frame on the x-axis.
What if you think about the stealth phase as lasting 10 years and we're just entering the investor phase.
Then you realize the potential.
Bitcoin can't crash to $3000 because 50% of bitcoins are lost meaning no one can cash them out.
So even if every single person that has access to their bitcoins cashes out we would be at $4000.But every single person cashing out is very unrealistic so lowest crash imo is 6000-7000
That's not a scary graph, a flat horizontal line would be scary.
delusional.
we are im mania
What?People could still just undercut each other until it reaches 1$
so you wouldn't care that you're selling here and then it triples again to 24k?
you couldve sold at 24k anon, why dont you sell at 24k?oh because you can't see the fucking future you retarded monkey, noone fucking knows whats going to happen
we are im maniaFutures aren't even out yet for BTC
Pretty much.
I don't know man, I was a believer in the correction and was waiting for it after selling at 7.3k but the normie money that is going in has been putting so much buy pressure that I don't think a big correction will happen until at least the 10k.
Normies don't care about your swedish exchange problems.
While /biz/ and other forums can have an effect on the price of shitcoins, BTC is too big for the informed crowd to have any meaningful effect.You will definitely see the usual 5%-8% down swings tho.
kill yourself OP
See that big fucking 'Institutional Investors'?
We're just entering that phase.
We've just ended the 'Smart Money' phase.
Just once I'd like to see this img posted by someone who isn't a total moron.
So many retards here.
You brainlets think Wall St is gonna look at that graph, see its gone over 1000% in a year and think "I'm going to buy the top"
Honey Badger Bitcoin don't give a fuck about scammer day trader fud anymore, Retard,
No they are buying low because it is going to it $60,000
wut big investment firms have been in bitcoin/blockchain for a whilethe public is now talking about it and they are all gonna start buying next year
That's what people were saying back in the 2014 spike
do your kegelstop kek4486693this faggot right here telling it like it isCME futures going live the 11th of december, fun times
should've asked them right after this shit crashed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g4Fwdr_rfEQ&t=0s
also, average bitcoin owner is a greedy normalfag who knows shit about blockchain and therefore has no idea bitcoin is already obsolete.
4487751
>oldfagbiztard says otherwise10k and beyond here we come.
Stay poor faggots.
too bad it will never dip like that cause its being pumped by governments and rich fucks
We're not in 2014 where GOX is the end all be all of BTC anymore anons.
China banned and literally nothing happened.
CME likely next month, the flood gates of mass adoption have been opened, if you sell now you're going to regret it.
within a few weeks you'll be seeing sub 3000delicious no-coiner cope.
the big bazinga theory bitcoin episode + CME futures trading will take us to 12k by christmas

Perfect fit, wouldn't surprise me if we went down from this all time high of 2700 dollars back down to like 500 dollars, good tech analysis OP, do you have a tradingview i could follow
buy ticket to Kiev change here btc to fiat with 3-5% komissiongo home with moneyPROFIT
Tether might be bullshit but BitUSD isn't because it's like a cryptoderivativehttps://steemit.com/bitshares/@xeroc/what-makes-the-bitusd-than-nubitsNot some centralised shitcoin