POWR dump in progress.
Get out now, this will be bad.
SCREENCAP THIS THIS WILL SOON HAVE OVER 1 BILLION DOLLAR MARKET CAPDECEMBER
>this>dumplmao
its done this 3 times in the last 10 hours.
have you ever heard of a bull trap?those other spikes are referred to as PUMPSand now comes the DUMP
biz is going to neg it all the way to + top 13 fucking lol
yea i have.
but now its going back up.like i said.drops 3 cents... ahhhh panic!!!!
Holy shit!
I forgot I've bought these, they've skyrocketed!what should I do, sell, hold, buy more?
Lololol you retards never learn.
Its done this exact pattern for 3 days.
Buy the bottom because tomorrow will be a repeat of today as usual
Buy more if you can and hold
BULL RUN IS OVER!!!!!!!
!unless PBC announces this as their pick it's not picking up anymore power (kek)
I'd say it again.
Piece of shit coin this is.
Buy More.
t. solar pajeet
just hold it.
it's been flatulating 10 cents for the last 12 hours.
it will go uo another 20 cents tomorrow.
its gains are pretty gradual.
this was just a big panic buy, because its getting alot of exposure.gov contracts and award shows etc.
gov contracts
its been going up and down for like 10 hours, ive been waiting it.
Fuck this PBC meme, POWR has been on the australian national news, PBC is a drop in the ocean.Looking forward to your pink wojaks come december
seriously no one likes to admit that the only thing preventing this from crashing is that artificial buy wallcan someone explain how this is not a pump and dump
yea... piece of shit, linked to actual products that a local gov in australia just signed a contract with.elon musk will buy into it.
it will win the kick start challenge in january next year.
richard branson is running it.
the whole audience will buy into it.
do you ever look at an order book?the second that wall vanishes this thing is crawling back to 3k
https://www.coindesk.com/australian-government-grants-8-million-for-blockchain-energy-pilot/
jahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahhaahhahahahahahahahahahahah
Do you ever do research and realise long term real value?
because pump and dumps happen instantly.
this just double in value and is just sitting there.
stupid pajeet, go shit in a street somewhere.
we're discussing short term trends, thank you very much and more over we are deliberating the efficacy of that artificial buy wall that is propped up by a group of P&D scammers.
people are getting duped into buying this coin at this inflated price.you want long term value, how about the team delivers a working product and tests it out before inflating it's value 10x
L0l0l0l you dont stop fudfing do you.
The product exists and works you downy they are in the process of expanding.
Go watch their videos hardware and software already working
 DumpGuys, this was just the beginning.
We correct and go straight to 1$
you're right!!!!!!
that's why the only factor preventing this from tanking all the way back down to it's true value is that sick buy wall.
get real son
its been tested.
Priced in
it's dropped 5 cents and everyone saying it is dumping.
Same idiots who bought at 3500 and sold at 3000 selling today.
Just gimme another chance to buy in at 7500.
Thanks.
im sure when they were developing this they were going to just go the shares route.but decided on crypto currency instead.people are in for the long run with htis.