Guys remember the people that bought Lambos after buy pitcoin cheap.
You still have a chance, short bitcoin now with $1000 @ $6000BTC and wait for price to drop to $1 and collect $6,000,000.
It will happen because as miners leave the network will be insecure, give it a couple of months.
If you want to be even more greedy wait ill it hits $0.10 for $60Million or $0.01 for $600Million.
This kid gets it.
We'll all laugh about this thread when this shit show end in few days.
I'm shorting this thing to nothing while hold my BCH from form.
WIN/WIN situation.
BTC will never fall that low.
Too many dead people who hold small amounts.
Nice try tho.
This is literally the state of biz
nice
What exchange supports shorting?
All those lost wallets, BCC will rally back to 4/5 after it hits 3 and market will level.
Normies will call this correction to make themselves feel better.
Yea dude show how to short this shit it's a firesale let's make some money
I've already been liquidated by shorting too early Back to grinding up a portfolio with my wagecuck job and hope I can make itFuck man
BTC will not crash moron at least not overnight.
You’ll be begging for your BTC back next week.
My wallet only has BTC dust.
I’ll know when to buy
4313435Bitmex.but honestly none of the other exchanges support shorting?
All you have to do is hit sell without having a position open and then buy when the price hits bottom to close the sold position, that is what shorting is.
That's not how shorting works, you don't get 10x your money because the price is divided by 10, you get the difference rather than the ratio
bitcoin would not survive without your help, thanks shorters LOL
Shorting on bitmex is like going long on the USD.
If you do it at 1x on bitmex you can't get liquidated.
On the other hand, If you go long on bitmex and the prices drops 50% you get liquidated.
no its not lol, if i have 1k and i short with x100 leverage my 1k has the power of 100k but i get liquidated if i fuck up 1%
https://www.coindesk.com/confusion-euphoria-bitcoin-cash-30-billion-2000/It's done guys.
If you would have done it at 1x it is impossible to get liquidated on bitmex.
You are trading a derivatives contract that goes in the opposite direction of other exchanges.
I shorted on bitfinex at 3.3xThis is my hole I dug, I need to deal with it.
I thought I could hodl through it, but no.
reminder that the only reason bitcoin goes up at the rate it does is a sustained short squeeze kept afloat by price fixing across exchanges including ones with strict capital controls which naturally should carry a premium as bitcoin is not a private means of transaction by designthese threads exist to throw more gasoline on the firedo you want to be the gasoline?
crank up that margin slider kid
You are actually right depending on the exchange now that I think about it.
On bitmex you start with a balance of BTC and you can buy "Dollars" and go long BUT they call it "Shorting Bitcoin".
OP and others here we will probably make the 6 million if the value of the dollar goes from $0.000166666666667 to $1.00 compared to bitcoin.
Shit I just realized that my payout won't be in $$$ on bitmex.
It is going to be in worthless bitcoin that I may not even be able to transfer out to an $$$ exchange when the times comes.
So you other guys is shorting on bitmex useless?
OP Have you even thought about what you are going to do with 6 Million BTC if the prices drops to a $1 because you are not being paid in dollars.
you'll fit right in with the rest of the newmexers with that level of DYORthe inverse swap contract is a $1 USD contract bought with bitcoin, you gain more bitcoin when prices decline in a short position than you gain when prices increase in a long positionit exists as a mechanism for hedgers and tax evaders alike to insulate themselves against price decline without realizing their gains into USD or local fiat.
if they don't have access to USD in their country, it allows them to create "synthetic USD" by "locking in" the USD value of the amount of bitcoin they have shorted while also collecting funding feesall of this information is clearly outlined on the website