Blockfolio thread.
you post you rateI consider myself a visionary, some of you get it why but I'm open to suggestions anyways
Rating: 3/10How the fuck do you not have any BTC/ETH.Do you even crypto?SALT LOLOL
post yours kiddo
Its a shame this brainlet doesn't know the SALT platform will be launching next month with an imminent correction to match the platform token price of $25.
Not saying it will hit $25 right away, but a very very conserative correction would be at least $16.Stay broke brainlet.
Nice job op
Growing the XMR stack
Bought 93k SUB averaging 4 cents with 4k USD from selling my shitty car.How am I doing so far?
Damn bro.
SALT is a winner.
It is definitely going to blow up.
But honestly I'm way more excited about using the platform than I am about the obvious gains.
I consider you a faggot.
4chan shill coins : the portfolio
Reeeeeeeeeeee
How can anyone have a blockfolio with no POWR and no MODUM.Jeezus shoot yourself.
Dump the ODN for Ripio
I think astro will go up in december as it gets close to dividend time.
i'm also looking forward to the dragon slayer action this weekend.
dude he's over 8% for the day, does this mean biz is actually smart money?
What we're y'all thinking
I'd have more if coinbase didn't take so damn long I don't need a lambo boys, I just want some cash to help me when I get outta college
4515266250 NEO crew!
Am I gonna make it guys?
Should I just keep holding?
BCH rise is scary
solid.
i would move 8 XMR into BTC though and hold more LTC
Don’t judge my secret gem.
Did my research.
Made some calculated gambles.
TokenLab not accounted for yet.
What do you think?
You're a faggot
 BCH rise is scaryI heard that.
But I don't think it's going to dethrone BTC.
It's kind of a "mutually assured destruction" situation if BCH wins.
Everyone will lose.
Then years of nuclear winter.That said, I still want to try to trade against it.
I am going to try to sell the top of the BCH pump.
How am I doing /biz/?
poorfag here, I put what I can in.
ty I like dick
LINKAnon I..
Congrats but it could like like this.
Get off my computer you little shit.
You are going to fucking retire on Titan
Started last month with $400 lost almost everything I made earlier today in XMR when I sold at $174 and bought 100 OMG at $8 I thought some big news was coming for OMG end of 2017 so figured it would be safe to store in until next month when I can put another $1,000 into ETH and fill up another 100 ETHOS (BQX) then my next step is at least 50 NEOs.
I want to just throw money in ETH and XMR after I meet my goals and maybe another 100 OMG - just playing the wait 2 years game while slowly adding more captiol, may do a few more day trades if I see any big moon missions, just not doing the BCH game tonight.
Fuggin Love POLL
Forgot Pic
I didn't know that USD was even an option in blockfolio.
Is this like the money you have in your bank account?
Don’t you kids realizeSYSCOIN is .22 cents, has fucking products developed, a decent leadership team hiding in Canada, and no real competition (laugh it off BitBay l o l )?
Masternode ROI 2018 60% WTF printing $5 bills all dayDo what ya gotta to get one.
Masternodes are the new asian girls.
HOW THE FUCK DID YOU GET KIN I THOUGHT THE ICO HADN'T STARTED YET
Fucking Ark does nothing but tempting me to sell.
And yes these are real $, not Tether lol.RATE
Up over $1000 in a day, when you guys jumping on the ODN train.
Just started today.
Should I go all in on Monero?
My gut says it's going to keep going up
how am i doing please boys?first time posting one of these, only been into crypto for a couple months
r8 me biz
r8 my portfolio
Where is the Modum in this thread?
You'll make it.
Good choice going sub, bad choice going all in.
Unless you can hold well it's going to be stressful for you as bitcoin will probably correct soon.
Always sit on 3-4 coins, unless bitcoin start falling then always full bitcoin as alts always suffer most.
its fake canadian monopoly money too :(seriously thinking about risking my tuition for next semester to gamble with but i know ill fuck it up just not experienced enough yetwish me like bois
4516029What a faggot
I side with your gut anon, coinbase is keeping me from jumping into monero with it's limits I haven't been in crypto long, but I've got a very good feeling about it, hard to explain
Best portfolio in this thread.
7.5/10, got some good coins although you should probably look to take some profits on powr.
I can’t i hoard treasures.
Thx for critique, let me know beyond scalp what you would do to improve.. i am hoping to dig up some more MOD.
Teach me Obi i am hungry and pay in BTC and sakeI am hungry to quit life
bump, r8 plz :)