>No large unconfirmed transaction count>No sign of hash power moving away from BTC>BTC holding steady near the $8200 range>BCH moving up regardlessTo all in BCH right now congrats on the gains, but don't forget to set stop loses and do slow exits to assure good money
Congrats on this seriously
you don't understand bches, they won't settle until bitcoin is dead
Congrats on this seriously
because if BTC dies and we 5x we gonna be rich as fuck>dont care if market dies afterwords we just use our gains to buy cheapass coins>get fucked
Well at least you understand what happens if BTC is killed.
Hope you can cash out quick enough in the clusterfuck
Core winning would be Bitcoin being killed.
its meant to start tomorrow but hashrate is already moving overhttps://fork.lol/pow/hashrate
By what you define as BTC yes it would.
BTC losing however means it and the rest of the crypto market are financially killed for quite some time
Don't look at the chart.
Look at the actual current numbers.
BTC hashpower moved back up and BCH hashpower moved back down
Its not even BTC anymore blockstream changed the coin entirely they should have named it Bitcoin Segwit
45170202 days at least.
catch-22
still quoting this broken sitec'mon you know better
Whoever wins I want a stable price.
This fucking bullshit of breaking AATHs everyday is gay as fuck and normies won't buy a bitcoin st 10k.Vitalik got it right, he artificially kept the price at 300 during the ico fever.
These niggers just keep pumping it like retards baka.
TOO BIG TO FAIL
Especially if it's 'killed' by something that also has BTC in the name.
It'll confuse so many normies who bought BTC after July 31st as to why their BTC is suddenly worthless while another is top dog.
The panic and news stories will be the thing of legends
So be it.
They don't get to implement their agenda by ignoring the rules of the system and then bitching when those rules come around and decapitate them for their idiocy.This is the natural and inevitable consequence of their actions.
If it weren't happening, the entire system would be valueless because it would have proven that the mechanism for resolving contentious hard forks can be subverted by LARP'ers playing stupid politics.
Bitcoin dying would be a good thing.
I'm all on Bitcoin cash
Am I wrong though?
The entire crypto market is held up by Core's coin, which most normal people consider to be the true Bitcoin.
I actually don't have a problem with it bringing down the whole market, just know what's going to happen when BTC fails
 day 19 hours, by the latest count here: https://fork.lol/pow/retarget
Why would the market not just say "So those guys from months ago warning us that this was a really bad plan were actually right, and the guys who were left in charge are rank incompetents who should never have been listened to, now we update our model of reality appropriately.
"There is no reason to assume the current normie view of the power hierarchy is the necessary one, and this event will simply be physics re-aligning that power hierarchy in accordance with the rules of the system.They wouldn't be in this situation if they hadn't fucked up so badly, it's all on them.
We might be on same page then.
Yes the market would take a huge hit but it would most likely be worth it.
The way it is right now is not healthy so if BCH doesn't take it down something else will and the whole system will suffer while waiting.Core is a tyranical king
like a blood-letting
Nah.
Fuck the normies and the Wall Street no one skied them to join us.
Let LITERALLY SNYONE ELSE be #1.
Btc should remain as a store of value meme not as #1 cryptocurrency just because it was the first.
If no one could take #1 during all these years it means all coins suck dick.
They wouldn't be in this situation if they hadn't fucked up so badly, it's all on them.That doesn't matter at all.
People en-mass are fucking dumb and will panic exit everything.
Nobody is going to buy BTC for a long while on the fear that they might have picked the wrong one again (even though that's not how it works, it will be the perception).
The value of BTC has gone up 2.8 times since the fork, and that's a lot of money that's gone into the system that only have BTC
The entire crypto market is held up by Core's coinOnly because of the ubiquity of BTC base pairs on exchanges.
It's fairly trivial for BCH to take over that position.
It's already starting to happen at some exchanges like Binance.>which most normal people consider to be the true BitcoinMost normal people aren't even aware of the existence of a crypto market outside of Bitcoin.
In any case, it's better for a major shakeup like this to occur at this early stage rather than later when the potential for real-world impact is much greater.
I can see a different alt replacing BTC going a lot smoother and slower than BCH replacing though.
It wouldn't cause nearly as much panic among people in as quick a timeframe
Bitcoin is the "Fiji water" or "Grey Goose vodka" of crypto tho.
The world is as fucked as it is because people care too much about perceptions and narratives and image.
This is how we end it.
If people get the message that what they think doesn't fucking matter and it's the underlying hard facts of reality that matters, things will start to actually get better.If this can be just another stepping stone along that path fine.
If it bows to the narrative of appearance is reality, it's completely fucking useless and just more of the same political bullshit presently destroying the world en masse.You don't kill politics by playing politics.
You kill politics by making it irrelevant.This is how we teach them.
Do you guyas seriously think that those korean whales who were pumping this shit 2 weeks ago and got stuck bagholding due to the bithumb "unfortunate" downtime will just swallow their huge losses?
They're obviously going to at least try pumping again to sell
No large unconfirmed transaction count>No sign of hash power moving away from BTC>BTC holding steady near the $8200 range>this is all LITERALLY part of the plan for now>OP
ETH moving up regardless>has smart contracts that can do anything
I honestly can't say what coin is best suited to take over but BCH seems like a worthy challenger at least.
It seems like B2X could have been a nice middle finger to the status quo and now people are way too tired of forks.It seems unlikely that there will be a day-to-day flip though since there is so many updates needed for a new leader
I'm holding and done trading my precious gems.
I've already done stop losses and shit like that, started off with 18 BCH going all in basically at around $150 each, and I completely fucking regret this stop loss bullshit.
If I had just held I would have a LOT more money now with that 18 BCH than I do doing stop losses, getting some BTC, some ETH, some other alts and shit as BCH rose.I COMPLETELY REGRET IT BECAUSE I HAVE LOST OUT ALREADY ON TENS OF THOUSANDS OF PROFIT JUST BECAUSE I FUCKING DID STOP LOSS BULLSHIT.It would have been better if I just held and did absolutely nothing else.
I sometimes get suicidal thoughts and want to kill myself no joke.
I am down to just 7 BCH now and completely hate it, fuck you fudsters and other doubters, BCH was my baby, it was my gem find why everyone else hated on it.
You fuckers made me have FUD by calling it a bag and I "stop loss" early.
Why did I sell at $500?
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH.I still got 7 at least and I'm not ever going to trade these for a long fucking time because I learned my lessons.
I am in pain, in anguish, in doubt, in regret, in suffering.
I am mortality reincarnated.
I know I still profited, but you don't know how I feel going from 18 babies to suddenly just 7, trading and losing them along the way.
This.The plan is to make BTC difficulty adjust higher and THEN make the move to BCH, OP.
Draining hashpower and converting BTC to BCH will cause the unconfirmed transactions to pile up rapidly, especially over the long course of the lengthy BTC adjustment period.It's kinda frightening, actually.
The coordination involved.
We don't give a fuckk about your core cuckking coin.
You do you fgt.