>There’s a new article about Bitcoin on bloomberg’s front page every dayI DONT HAVE 21 YET WAIT PLEASE WAIT
why do you want 21?
Bitcoin will not be the dominating cryptocurrency.
Its technology and community is shit.It's just popular now cause the normies just found out about it.
It will fade before crypto becomes ubiquitous.
No other coin has proven itself as long.
Normie argument against btc was that it would be hacked and fall apart completely, we're going on 10 years now and people are starting to believe and trust it.
It will take a while for any other coin to get there
Ether is the future.
It will own the future.
It can easily replace Bitcoin as most coins trade against it as well.
Noone can top AOL, because it has first mover advantage >yahoo is older company than Google, no one will top it>my face has strong community, local university network (Facebook) won't top itDo your own research
>be teenager>want to make money to escape>just do internet shit all the time>see irc talking about bitcoin>see digg talking about, see /b/ talking about it.>want to buy some, some guy is selling 800 for 20 dollars >ask my dad for money, just flips his shit cause hes mentally ill, gives me eye damage, causes partial blindness in that eye permanently>never ask ever again about it>never even think about doing anything with money cause i dont want to lose my eye>literally a neet on disabled welfare cause legally not allowed to drive
Man, you got owned but you wouldn't have the balls to hold it until $8,500 anyways.
*hug*
you're probably right.
but then again what i got out of bitcoin was guaranteed government neet bucks.
If I was in your situation I would kill him.
nah im a pussy.
another funny little fact, he asked me not to long ago if i ever bought bitcoin without his acknowledgment.lol
You should remind him while holding a knife or axe or such that you would have 6.4 million now
The 21 club are all going to get hunted down by state authorities anyway.
Stay inconspicuous; none of us will need that many.
il tell you some good newsIndia is waking up on bitcoinIn 6 month you will see what bitcoin will grow intoIndian exchanges will have same volume as bithumb.
Screenshot this
mail delivered by hand will forever be the standerd>surely there is no such thing thing as disruptive technologies>but never mind the hypocrite that I am, since BTC itself is a disruptive technology
Mail delivered by hand is still the most trustworthy and legally respected, see certified letters