Ignoring the shills, will BTC dip any lower before it blows up after yet another fake "flippening" or should I buy heavy now?
Hard to be sure, but undoubtedly, BCH is not going to flip positions with BTC.
To me, the overall slope is a downward slope.
Its not just BCH that is causing this, I think the tax reforms going on also could be affecting it.
Might be best to wait a few days.
Could drop to $5k or lower for all we know.
buyorders at 4900-5100 my man
cypherpunks>crying to the SEC about BCH>crying about trademarks for the word "bitcoin"super cipherpunk
he thinks the flippening was "fake"
I know, but I kinda want the shilling to continue so that BTC price dips even lower, but as of now it seems like they'res starting to taper off, BCH is going stale and starting to dip again, and I think the Koreans are giving up.
I don't want to call it early and miss out on some bank though.
Pajeet I know the 5$ they pay you can be a sufficient dowry in your country and you may even be able to afford a toilet to worship but the flippening will never happen
Yes, it will go to $5000 and then rebound imho.
I for one will try to time the bottom and buy more, likely at about $5100.
In the best case for me, this will happen at the end of November but I have a little bit of money already.
implying thats in the imageshit you are a terrible shill.
I mean it will probably happen eventually, but it could be years away and it probably won't be fucking BCH
A quarter of a billion dollars was traded in BCH today on Bittrex alone.
Coinmarketcap suggests $4,641,390,000 in total.The assumed dominance of BTC weakened today regardless of what happens in the next week.
Big players like coinbase are going to be shook from this for weeks to come.
Wouldn't surprise me if regressed for a couple weeks here.
I'm a whale bro.
If the price ever dips too much use your planeteer ring to summon me.
The real Bitcoin has the real developers and cypherpunkshttps://blockstream.com/team/matt-corallo/>one of Blockstream’s co-founders, having been an author on our sidechain white paper and engineer on its design>co-founder>sidechainsAnd here is the same Matt Corallo, whining to the SEC about BCH/S2X:https://www.sec.gov/comments/sr-nysearca-2017-06/nysearca201706-161046.htmWhining to the govt when your crypto doesn't win is the most cypherpunk thing I can think of!
The assumed dominance of BTC weakened todayYou should get off /biz/ more.
This just isn't true.
You don't have a scaling solution for TWO FUCKING YEARS
$5,000 with cushion on the low end toward $4500 and cushion the high end at $5500.
BTC got over bloated from all the fork drama, but $5,000 should make for a nice mental barrier resistance and support area.
4290454very cipherpunk
Well I really don't care about that, I want to hear reasons BCH is better than BTC.
BCH is under the protection of Bitcoin Jesus, Roger Ver.
Faggot, you are myopically focusing on one word.
I don't give a shit about cipherpunk.Tell me a technical reason.
Should dip at least until 6200 and see a nice bounce from there.
If it breaks that level, it's going to plunge much much lower.
will BTC dip any lower before it blows upYes.
This is a reversal.
BTC is still bearish
assuming someone's nationality and then being racist against your own hallucinationHow's that mental illness treating you?
I'm going to do the opposite of what you do.
4290454And here's /u/theymos, head mod of /r/bitcoin, suggesting govt regulation of Bitcoinhttps://archive.is/axsSiIt's going to win because it can process more transactions.
Look at the BTC mempool.
Vs BCH where the mempool clears easily due to the network supporting 8x the transaction capacity.
Just look at the blocksize graph for 5 seconds, it's obvious that the 1MB limit is killing original BTC.
Why have Blockstream fought so hard against any attempt to increase this limit?
you should get of /r/bitcoin more, this actually is true.bitcointalk is freakin out
Its not clearing easily because of big blocks you liar.
Its bacause on average there are less than 1kb of transactions per block in BCH because nobody is using it, they are just specuating with it.Meanwhile bitcoin easily produces 1mb of transactions (and more obviously) every 10 minutes.
BCH blocks range from seconds to hours apart and still aren't close to full after hours.
Nah, I am on bitcointalk.
also youre a fucking liar.
Every post you make is a lie.
Why are you married to this shitcoin anyway?
BCH would easily clear BTC's transaction volume.
thank god someone speaking some sense.
If you really want BCH to take over, it needs actual adoption.
Bitcoin and ethereum are the only coins with legitimate adoption (monero too for dark markets).
Thats why they are big and will grow legitimately.
BCH is sketchy as hell, if it didn't fork off bitcoin and was just another bitcoin clone noone would even give it a second look.
Think about that.
What does BCH have over litecoin?
When you realize its not even better than a bitcoin clone, you'll see its not better than any of the new altcoins using newer technology.
BCH becoming 7k and replacing bitcoin is a pipe dream.
Everyone views bitcoin as a store of value, so all this talk about transaction times is irrelevant.
As long as its significantly faster and cheaper than an international wire transfer, it'll be king.
Also when you realize if anyone wants to buy bitcoin cash they would have to buy BITCOIN first.
Maybe eth but otherwise its the main gateway.
It'll probably establish itself at $700 for a while based purely off miners pumping it
Ok well I'm not going to kill myself so please be a man of your word
So would a bank, whats your point?
No matter what happens with BTC vs BCH, BTC should correct itself, it has only fallen 10% after 700% growth in a few months, the last times bitcoin grew 700% it fell down to 1/3 of it's value.
Sure, it might be more stable now with a higher market cap but it should go down to $3500.
Its not clearing easily because of big blocks you liar.Point is BTC would clear easily if the blocksize wasn't limited by Blockstream.And Bstreams whole business model is based around off-chain scaling solutions, no wonder they want to limit on-chain capacity.
>$4k whether it's because of bch, 2x, correction or whateverThe graph is the boss and the market expects a correction to at least 4.8k.
my guess is 4k
All of the improvements being made will be open source though like lightning network ( https://github.com/lightningnetwork/lnd ) So if they want to run the computers that implement the software that makes up bitcoin's second layer, they can, and so can anyone else.
There will be a free market for providing second layer solutions.
If you do the math about big blocks you would realize that it will ultimately centralize bitcoin to a few select computers, giving it weak points.
BTC dead cat bounce.
BCH crashing as well.
I told these BCH scammers they were going to crash both coins.
BCH CrashingIt's been mooning again.
Oh your shilling LN.
tell them about the monthly subscription fee to use the chain and the amount of money needed to be on the chain at all times or how about how blockstream profits off this whole process guess what faggot block stream is done for no more censorship for you faggots Bitcoin Cash is dethroning your pussy ass
Please explain how Bitcoin Cash is a scam and tell me how 10-12x volume is a dead cat bounce faggot
I'd like to see btc hit 5300.
Potential is there for 4800
Wonder how pissed the chinks were to wake up to this
shillingNo I mentioned it.
Do you remember changetip?
they provided off-chain scaling in their way and honestly it was the best possible way so far.
All I want is a decentralized changetip.
I got tipped 0.028BTC total over its existence and I withdrew it this september when I remembered.
They sent me 1 transaction, but I probably got tipped six or so times.
Thats the kind of off chain scaling I want.
They saved the network's data burden by a factor of six, and provided my btc years after they had been closed, holding it for me without a fee.
Read the post, Mongoloid.
I said BTC was experiencing a dead cat bounce, and BCH was a scam.
I have no horse in the race.
I am sitting out for this shit show.
I bailed on Bitcoin at $7380
Isn't it possible that they (BTH and BTC) are not in competition, but in a paired relationship?
One which normally goes in tandem but can have an inverse relation should BTC get oversold?
If anything, ETH and LTC are losers here and if there is a flippening it will be of ETH and BTH?Think about it.
Where do you put your money when BTC gets oversold?
I used to use the ETH/BTC pair.
I sure as shit don't trust tether.
Niggas I fucking told you, It's basic waves man
The adjustment has just begun!
This is going to be a week long sell off.
ooo what about the control of these side chains by bank like entities that can censor and reject these transactions
You did well to exit then.
Whatever people say it's still something of a bubble.
Those that think it will hit $1m/coin are delusional.
This too, bitcoin is going to have a 4th and 5th wave before a real 'crash' but we may not even crash to the levels we are at now.
It could hit 100K, but there will be bubble popping along the way, as always.
Like now.
I just saw the bubble getting thin, and bailed.
The 4th and 5th waves are on that chart already nigger.
I currently have a buy at 5800, but may reduce that in the coming days.
Time will tell.
If it crashes 1/3 like the last two times, it will hit $3700
Do I sell BCH and risk missing out on a potential 1.3k, or continue riding and risk being victim to an elaborate PnD.
Fucking decisions.This is not healthy.
Wtf happened to crypto?
The real question is, when will all the BCH fuckers sell of for their huge new proportions of BTC and let us all get back to normal?
We only live once anon
depends where you measure from.
Miners stalled segwit for TWO FUCKING YEARS
greedy is as greedy doesDESU I was pissed I sold XMR at 106, then it climbed to 115, now it's 104.
So who the fuck knows.Pick a goal, a number your happy with, and don't second guess yourself.
This is frankly as random as it gets.
We're all gambling.
Consult your tarot cards.
rofl
This 'two years thing' I have only been seeing this today, it really seems like a talking point because I see it in every BCH argument.
Where are they pulling the idea that it will take two years to implement the second layer now that we have segwit?
Why would tax reforms be affecting this?
Genuinely interested in your reasoning.
>missing out an an easy 10k EOY buy not buying at this dipLol that's a safe 50% gain
BCH fuckers will never buy BTC, Most of them are alt coiners and other factions.
When BCHers do bail, they will find other Alts like Link to scam others on.
Not very logical.They have a lot more liquid cash now, by a factor of 2-3x.
There's lots to go around everywhere.
I will buy the dip at $5800 for the next 10K ATH.
>ITT /biz/tards acting this shocked over a contraction>talking about flippening and shitchrist you people are pathetic, unless this is some kind of coordinated shilling campaign
Bch on the march again, ath inc
This is a bull trap.
Don't buy yet.
Wait at least over the weekend.
DROPPING LIKE A FLY.
trading the yearly chart >applying wave theory to a """""currency"""""being this autistic