okay /biz/, brainlet here who keeps getting JUST'd trying to make trades.
I want to get a decent cheap coin that has some serious growth potential in the next year or two.
This is what i have narrowed it down to:1.
BAT2.
LINK3.
Lumens4.
FunFairAre all of these picks pretty safe?
Any stand out (plz no linkie bagholders trying to fomo, but I'd appreciate genuine responses)?
Advise me /biz/
BAT looked promising a few months ago, with solid names behind, but I've been disconnected and I don't know if it's going to work at all.
It sure depends on the Brave Browser market quota.According to this, the project is still alive:https://www.androidheadlines.com/2017/11/brave-browser-now-allows-youtubers-to-earn-cryptocurrency.htmlIf you ask me, I would invest in BAT if I could.
bat is pretty fuckn safe, it hits lowest and the low, and has chance to blow up fucking upwards
sell all that crap, buy IOTA and hold onto it for a while.
quit falling for the trading meme and you'll make big gains.
look through the threads on the board now.
also, IOTA's head developer just BTFO vitalik on twitter.
IOTA makes ETH obsolete.
I was looking at IOTA but it must have some correction soon, no?
It just did like 100% in a couple weeks...
TIO is the shit.
Get in on the train right now.
Here's the link: 
it may, but i don't trade.
i buy coins that will make huge money long term.
if it dips 20% in the short term, i don't care because it will go to $1trillion mkt cap in a few years.
Buy ETH & POWR, thank me in 12 months.
ss this.
Lumen is a bad choice imo, high marketcap already and a lot of bagholders, there isn't serious growth potential they actually pull off something big which is unlikely.
BQX - soon to be ETHOS will be $2.20 by EOW and $20 at wallet launch
who the qt
Funfair without question.You'd be better off at least 50% in BTC/ETH for long timescales though.
Can't recognize kate upton?
nah I don't care about knowing celebsthanks for the name :)
This.
Insane value
how does a coin without even a functioning wallet and whose website doesn't even work have a 100+ million dollar market cap
meant for4468827
FUN is an ERC20 token, any compatible wallet will do.
Website is funfair.io, working fine with testnet game demos.
oops sorry sir.
Funfair I totally get, I meant to link toThis shit I dont get.