Bought TenX at all time low.
Already up 25% - Will I make it?
I thought this was just a meme coin
If you have time please read this:http://cc-lyoness.blogspot.hr/2013/06/lyoleaks-1-lyoness-corporate_3.htmlTl;dr - Julian Hosp was actively engaged in a pyramid scheme that is somewhat similar to TenX.
Please, sell your coins and avoid it like plague.
This guy should never be given any job related with money!
No apparently it's good shit.
I bought it with an amount I didn't care to lose but most are saying now 5$ is achievable in the coming days.I didn't read it but doubt he is a scammer since the there's a physical VISA/TENX card.
Nice fud.
You've had 4 months to accumulate faggot
5$I want to believe
nice fud you got there
Well it's 2$ already man and I'm pretty sure there's updates and announcements all the way up until new years.
no you don't believe me>it raises for one day 25%>suffers for another 7 days average at least 7-10%
4466610You could perhaps try day-trading for some profits, but don't hold longterm.
I've been in the 'nam, when TenX was 170k ath and the shitstorm that ensued after.
Check reddit few months ago for more detail.
Due diligence!
Why hold grudges on coins?
You can clearly make money on this.
I think TenX is a great long term hold.
It just may be longer term than people thought.They will find solutions for problems we don’t know exist yet.
Bet on obsessive leadership all day.
Too bad you don't understand german.
Otherwise, just watch his videos on Youtube.
He is definitely not a scammer.
I'm now positive this is a coordinated PnD.
Well, good luck!Und ich verstehe deutsch ja aber sehr gut :)
????
You are delusional buddy.
TenX never deserved to be this low.
TenX deserves to be go to zero.
It's fundamentals are way off.
Everything target they set is overly optimistic.
Anyone who's in this piece of shit scam will see their holdings fall 90% when the first dividend payment is released.
Lmao to all the suckers who don't bother to do their due diligence.
deserves to go to zeroLol stay salty
tenx is starting its moon launch
buy mco
ITS FUCKING MOONING NOW BOYS YOU HAD YOUR CHANCE!!!
Lmao I posted this yesterday BEFORE IT EVEN PUMPED and told people to get in on frehs pump.They said the visa thing was "already priced in" and didn't careBet you backward money-hating mother fuckers are buying now.I'm sick of trying to do ya'll favors.
When are you selling?
MAKE SURE YOU DO YOUR KEGELS COIN HELPER.
REPS OF 20..........GO...........GOOD..........HERE'S A TOWL.
Bought tenX at $3.00....in BTC which has mooned since>Will I Make itI'm not going to make it /biz/non God speed to you though.
Moon for those of us who were left behind.
I already sold just before 270.Time to get ready for palm beach and other alts on dips.
You think Palm Beach is gonna be Solar or Power?
How are you gonna buy in before it moon missions?
bought in at .001.
I need this to go higher.
I received my card last week :)
!
Nah I think CVC.
But I already got CVC.But I want BTC available in case I'm wrong and need to buy somethign else.I don't think it will be either SLR or PWR.
People too fixated on the solar energy hint, when he already sadi he wont give hints anymore.
That means he'll shake it up and delay that one for another month.
How does this happen?
Pic related.
min candleskek
Everytime OP shills a coin
How does the price Open so far below the old Close?
refresh the page.
On the stock market it could mean lunchtime or some bad news happened.
It's been in an uptrend for 24hrs... A correction is obviously expected.
God damn it.
Why can't it go up 143.4% like potcoin.
This coin is cursed.
Just watch, it will reach a new all time low by tomorrow.
It doesn't matter how good the news is, this piece of shit always dumps lower than before.
Pump and dump
I know but I want tenx to pump and dump.
there will be no survivors
this>have to 'hodl' this shit until 2020 if it even exist till then
Are you actually retarded?
Serious question.
There will be a proper moon mission in the coming days.
Don't get shaken out at the first correction.
All the past day has been is healthy growth.
healthy growth
HUR DUR LOOK!
It's down 5% after growing 35%!
SELL!!
!Nice FUD faggot.
can u even math?high 28992last 2421824 hour low 20247if you look at the last few days pic related:
Bought my bags at $2.70.
I would be impressed if those fucks would wear shoes during their videos.
I will buy a card though.
Totally going to duck capital gains by using my profit for expenses.
I'm watching closely waiting to buy my bags.
1 minFucking love future bagholders
bought this pile of shit at ATH and the team didn't do shit since then except making useless youtube videos.
my bags are so fucking heavy, I'm stuck on a sinking ship.