obviously 1usdt is not worth 1 usdsome exchanges like bitfinex are using usdt to pretend they are solventbtc crashes (for whatever reason) people can't get their crypto of said exchanges because they are insolventprice of crypto goes up because supply of crypto has been reduced?
or price of crypto goes down because 640million vanishes from 238billion market cap
anybody who stores his money on an exchange is fucked
bithumb doesn't have a usdt trading pair
It'll all be over soon
Why do you faggots always think everything is gonna crash.
Don't you realize you faggots have been around since $200?
Geez the people don't know about the economics.The "Marketcap" price is just the total sum of all "Last purchase price" of all coins.If a coin is priced at $5 but then was purchased for $10, that coin is now valued at $10 because a person was willing to pay for it at that price.If that same person sold it for $7, then that coin is now worth just $7, as that is the price paid for.The total fucking marketcap is just sum of all of these last purchase and last sale prices.
If there were only 100 of 1 coin, and the last purchase price was $1000, the total market cap is $100,000 but it's not as if $100,000 was spent to prop up that marketcap value.So technically $640M can drive up or drive down more than $100B of crypto easily.This is why corecucks are so clueless in the world of economics and why smart money has already moved on to BCH.
Have fun with your "Muh store of value" 3 transactions per second speculation blockstream censorship fee market normie core coin.
why would bch be less affected by tether going to zero than bch?
why would bch be less affected by tether going to zero than bch?why would bch be less affected than btc i meant
It's much less of a speculative coin and actually has a purpose as a currency rather than just "muh store of value".
It's not propped up by Tether as much as BTC is and doesn't rely on Tether to have a high price.Each time new tethers are printed BTC price goes up but nothing else does, kind of obvious where the money goes to when all the sell walls are demolished by millions of newly printed fiat.
what the.. are you retarded, jesus.
I agree btc is just a ponzi scheme after 2x was cancelled but I'm not sure there's enough bch adoption in the real world yet for people to have steady hands
i have 0.04 tether on bittrexis it safe goys?
bitcoin in a nutshell
Which is a good thing.
Right now is accumulation phase after the very sharp bullrun (DOW Theory), and weak hands will fold since they don't fully understand the fundamentals of the new technology.
It's pretty easy and fun when you send 1 BCH to another wallet or exchange for less than a penny, and it turns out you can do this all day without any problems.
Who cares about prices at this point?
Let the price drop, those that want to will accumulate more.More exchanges will adopt BCH in the future, and once BCH trading pairs are adopted, it's basically over for BTC.
There's not any point in holding BTC now except for "CME futures" but that may actually constrain BTC more than anything as it might cease to become anything more than just a coin people want just because it's a coin people want.
I want a coin with a purpose.
very true.
Mt gox crash was a slow bleed as well I have no doubt in bch in the next 6 months plus.
So at worst case we across the board crash and bleed for 6 months before bch adoption forces a bull market like no other.
Best case money fomos into bch when it's the only thing that doesn't go down when btc crashes
This is how a bch bagholder exposes himself.
Nobody talked about btc or bch and you bring up a whole load of retarded shit and it is core’s fault lmao
I'm pretty sure the way bch bagholders expose themselves is through your girlfriend and your mother cooperatively pulling down their boxers with their teeth.
Ok guys, so would it be the most secure for now to transfer all my crypto to trusted exchanges like kraken and leave bittrex, poloniex and co?Because there I can cash out to real dollars and don't have to worry about USDT?
More exchanges will adopt [INSERT SHILLED COIN HERE] in the future, and once [INSERT SHILLED COIN HERE] trading pairs are adopted, it's basically over for BTC.this argument has been made so many times, and still no dark net market accepts anything but BTC.
If there's a problem you might not be able to cash out at all.
They could disable it everything.
Coinbase and GDAX are FDIC insured up to $250k.
Yeah but at least kraken could not be one of the exchanges that are about to pull off a mt gox right?
put anything you're not trading in a wallet that you control the private keys, otherwise yes
these threads are over they were spammed already, push another agenda op
gdax or gemini
is this proved?
it should be provable that tether bought btc is transferred into fiat by bitfinex