It's..it's us.It wont be student debt, or housing bubble.
It will be crypto.Think about it.Nobody in the normie world suspects it.
Everyone is paranoid of real estate and stocks right now.
Bubbles dont form in that kind of situation.But crypto.. We are still largely considered a joke..even with billions pouring in.
This is about to change.
2018: crypto wont be a joke anymore.
EVERYONE will talk about it.
Coinbase becomes a household name.
4 or 5 more coinbases pop up.
People who feel RE and stocks are saturated (everyone) funnel all cash into crypto.
Dotcom bubble 2.0 officially begins2019: we reach multitrillion dollar cap.
We see dogecoin hit a dollar.
Ioto is 10 dollars.
All kinds of things that redefine what we clearly view as insanity.
Adjust height of dotcom era for inflation to today.
Mid to late 2019, the bubble bursts.Its...its us.
Even if it's true, it means plenty of time and plenty of moons to ride to get that lambo before 2019
I'll just get the fuck out before 2019 then.
crypto is an inflation hedge the exact opposite of what you say will happen
There is no velocity in cryptocurrencies.
sounds great why are you crying faggot
Next economic crash will be triggered by the government and will affect the wageslave minwagers and young people to try to pigeon hole them into the military for the next upcoming war.Your daily reminder that the economy is controlled by the government to control the masses.
Before crypto crashes the US dollar will collapse.
That's going to drive crypto even higher.
The public will drop the dollar in favor of crypto because it's more convenient and stable.There were bank runs in many other countries, they are still fresh in ppls memory.
Because trade is done in USD burgers get free lunch and think it will last forever.
Once the Chinese drop off the parasite US will be fucked.
There will be nothing about the us dollar that will make it any different from the zimbabwe dollar.
Born just in time.
why tho?
why fight?
don't you realize you're only fighting yourself?
we must come together, to usher in a new heaven on earth... a new golden age, the likes of which has never been seen before.
4520161deluded bizraelis.
99,9% of the people will never care about magic heavy manipulated internet money designed in a ponzi.
we are already in a bubble.
quite easy to see from the charts, Media attention and general mania on this board.
Nope.You're in a bubble of your own - filter bubble.People are not afraid of real estate (when they should be).
Money is pouring in, especially from China, and that Chinese money comes from literal empty cities built to inflate GDP.Meanwhile, Western GDP future predictions are inflated on the assumption a 70 iq african who does not read nor write at 30 years old is the economic equivalent of a 100 iq college educated native.All indicators are red.
All economies are fraudulent.
Trump can merely delay the inevitable.
Crypto Will be used as the Mark of the beast
Population control, battle over resources and power.
Many reasons.
Trump can only delay the inevitable> Like Trump even knows what hes doingTOP KEK
Stop kidding yourself, when the economy crashes neckbeards will be rushing to cash out of crypto to pay off their debts and liabilities, this will tank demand and the price will fall.
He knows what he is doing anon.
He knows.
economy is controlledEconomy > media > government
b-but... we're all dust from the stars...>muh battle over resources and powerin the grand cheme of things, it's all so meaningless...
paying debts in a crashfaggot
Derivatives bubble will burst long before crypto
in the grand cheme of things, it's all so meaningless...So?
In the grand scheme of things, it doesn't matter if we genocide each other off the face of the planet.
The universe won't care.
1987, 1997, 2007, 2017There's a crash about every 10 years.
We are close to another one, but this time the fed lowered rates to 0 already.
grand cheme of thingsSo what's the grand scheme of things and why does it make competition meaningless?
In the grand scheme of things, it doesn't matter if we genocide each other off the face of the planet.why would you even think of doing that, tho?
we don't know why we're here, but yet here we are.
may as well make sure that all live in harmony and prosper together, don't you think so?
why you nazis always gotta be genociding something?
what's wrong with you?
Can anyone see the consolidation of businesses - big corporations buying all of their competition?
The economy is only growing for the rich.
The real unemployment rate in burgerland is about 30%.
I see it a bit differently.Cryptocurrency is to banks what the internet was to newspapers.
Sure, some newspapers stayed around - mostly because there are secondary benefits to owning them if you're already rich - but the news industry started crashing with the dotcom bubble and is still trying to rebuild itself while being pummelled by changing conditions.
Imagine that happening to banks.
News was tied into politics, which is probably one reason why politics makes so little sense any more.
Banks aren't supposed to be tied into politics, but they are tied to every part of the economy.
when they have their newspaper moment - and at the very least, they believe they will - the destruction delivered to them will echo in the wider economy as a whole.
I'd like to say I can't wait, but in truth there's a lot of preparation to be done.
Losing your car>Losing your house>starving to death.>having to start over financiallyJust become homeless anon.
Nothing bad will happen if you default on your debts.
r-right?
soon it will be 95%.
the robots are coming.
Don't you think people will rush into crypto when everything is going to the shitter?
For example like gold / silver bull runs in crises
If we crash the USD we will clear dirty banksters out of the system and make our crypto much more valuable.
We need a meme war against fiat.The other option is 2-3 lost decades like Japan.
Enjoy austerity.
Who said I was thinking of doing that?
I just said the universe doesn't give a shit.
I don't want to go to war against you cunts just because the gooberment says I have to.
But I don't run the show either.
They do.
And they like killing stuff.
Because as  put it, mostly Population control, resources and power.
we don't know why we're here, but yet here we are.Fucking idiot, I know why I'm here.
To keep my genetic bloodline going and if i have to kill others to do that, i fucking will.
It's been the way of life since the dawn of time.
Dog eats dog.
Working together is only viable when everyone gains, when it stops being a gain for everyone we will turn on each other.
Even now more and more people are buying bitcoin instead of gold!
The real unemployment rate in burgerland is about 30%.Allows for fielding a larger army, nothing wrong with that.
The banks will punish you if they can't control whatever monetary system that replaces it.
They are called banksters for a reason.
They are essentially the pinnacle of organised crime.
As long as world governments owe them trillions they are the masters of the universe
But I don't run the show either.
They do.
And they like killing stuff.Ok, so "gooberment" is a parasite and also the source of the illusions of separation and scarcity.
People will rush into hard assets that have actual value during a crash.
Machinery/parts, non-perishable food, generators, fuel.
Anything that is a need, not a want and can be traded.
Yes
So why are people rushing into gold?
Paradigm could shift with the excisting of crypto.
No crises happened with crypto so far.
All of their power comes from controlling the supply of money.
You take that away and they don't have shit.
I know why I'm here.
To keep my genetic bloodline goingMaybe your genetic bloodline is part of the problem in this current society.
Maybe, if sociopathic degenerates like you stop breeding, humanity will finally advance to the next stage of human civilization.
Anyway... you can only delay the inevitable.
Your genetic bloodline means nothing.
This entire solar system will be star dust in a few billions of years.
People like you may end up causing the end of humanity before that time frame even comes close.
you sound like a faggot desu
There's a limited supply of physical gold on the planet.
It's compact and has industrial uses.
If engineers could they would make let's say all circuits from noble metals because of their high quality as metals - doesn't corrode, conducts electricity well, can be made into extremely thin layers etc.The public is used to rush into gold but now they rush into bitcoin.
Crypro is quietly taking over metals.
I seriously believe that this will happen.
Still 1,5 years to make awesome gains though!
why don't stock brokers set stop losses?
Do people buy physical gold, or do they just buy gold on a stock market?
Reminder that the US government made gold illegal to own for a while.Gold is seen as a safe, but it's not safe.
When the crash comes, everything will be hit.
Some more than others.>So why are people rushing into gold?Herd mentality that will change when people need to convert to fiat to pay bills.
Dude Doge to one dollar, do you know how fucking rich I could be?
Your genetic bloodline means nothing.
This entire solar system will be star dust in a few billions of years.You don't seem to understand the meaning of life.Life only has meaning if it continues, for now it has meaning because it still exists.
Once the stars die out, life will cease to have meaning.
Life is a struggle to stay alive.>Your genetic bloodline means nothing.if you think that, don't have kids and kill yourself because you think nothing has meaning.Like everyone else has said, you're a faggot.
True, they did confiscate it.
They will probably trace all sales of gold and take it from the public.This is less likely with crypto.
We need to kill crap fiat while we still can
doge $1I'll find you and suck your dick if this ever happen and I'm not even a fag
Agreed
are you euphoric at this moment?
altcoins will be worthless, there'll only be ETH and BTC/BCH in the end
I started a few months ago and a crash down to 25% would still mean I'm in the plus.
I earn 5k before taxes each and what I don't use, 85% of it moves into crypto.This is money that the bank downs own.
Dollar will keep falling, like it did in the last 100 years.More people will do this.
The banks will have less and less miney to work with.I pay Indians and Georgeans to do design and editing jobs for my projects in crypto.
This will not go away.I might be deluded from reading too much in this sphere, but I'm rather convinced that crypto will take over.
Life has no meaning you dunce.
Even if you have children what does it matter if half of yoir bloodline continues?
You won't see or care about it after you're dead.
Wouldn't you rather enjoy the 1 life you have and let others enjoy the 1 life they have instead of genociding other races and nakibg everyone live in fear because you don't like a few bloodlines?
Chinese would never do that, how are they gonna sell their shit to US if dollar collapsed.
Yes, they are putting an enormous pressure on petrodollar, but only to get a stronger footing in negotiations with US.
US gonna become their bitch, but the dollar will continue slowly decaying.
No.
do you not understand how stock markets devealop?
"Be fearful when others are greedy, and greedy when others are fearful" - Warren Buffet.
Whether or not crypto crashes like a dot com bubble will completely depend on how widely adopted it becomes before people get tired of waiting.
If the crypto promices aren't fulfilled there will be a reconing.
It won't go to zero as cryptocurrencies still have real world use but its gonna be a bloodbath if that day comes.
Banks will try to regulate and ban crypto if it gains too much traction for sure.
Banks could have been a bubble too if they weren't so widely used.
if life has no meaning why dont you kys now retard.it will show you that life has meaning cause you'll be the fucking asshole that killed his self for /biz/You'll forever be known as the retard martyr of /biz/do it you nihilistic fuck
I enjoy life and came to terms with the fact the fact that life has no meaning but that doesn't mean i'm anywhere near suicidal douche.
I have full intention if staving off death as long as possible and enjoying my gift unlike psychopathic fuckers like you that were born with an emotional learning disability.
nihilism is no reason to kill yourselfits absolutely a reason to enjoy the one shot at life you have as much as possiblei find it pretty liberating to know that nothing matters in the end except the fact that you enjoyed life
What if genocide is what i enjoy in life?
If life is just for enjoyment, then all others don't matter.>life has no meaning>enjoy your one life you haveare you really this stupid?
You are literally saying life has meaning because it's about enjoyment.Life has meaning because there is life, if there's no life then there can't be a meaning.
Again, kill yourself if you think otherwise.
I enjoy life>life has no meaningSounds like you found meaning in life through enjoyment of it.
Moron.
Attributing a meaning to life then saying there's no meaning is flawed logic.
Yes, a bubble worth less than that of half of 1 company on NASDAQ.STFU
life has no meaning, but what you make of it.
i am just saying, since we're all here, we can at least try to make it so everyone can enjoy the experience.
we do not need to artificially increase the difficulty of living on this planet, like we do with this stupid ecnomic system and concepts such as "competition", "struggle", "fighting for resources and power" and all of this useless shit, all of which which has no impact in the grand scheme of all things.
multiple universes exist out there, containing hundreds of billions of galaxies, with hundreds of billions of stars and planets... and perhaps... civilizations.
What makes you think that "your bloodline", "your nation", "your people" are so much more important than all of it, when most of you are uncapable of even cooperating with one another to end world hunger and provide basic means of survival and enjoyment within your microscopic layer of habitable space on the surface of this tiny speckle of space dust that you call "Terra".
You terrans sure are peculiar.
If you care so much about "bloodlines", then how do you cope with the fact that every primate on this planet is part of your bloodline?
How do you cope with the fact that every microorganism which exists inside the bubble that is your known reality, is genetically related to you?
Sometimes I wonder why am I having a conscious experience on this planet instead of somewhere else.
I hope you "humans" change within the next few centuries... otherwise, this planet is better off being obliterated.
There's so much potential for enjoyable life on this environment, and yet some of you are so primitive that you don't even know how to solve basic quality of life problems in your system.
Hopefully, when the tectonic plates move again, you will be reminded of the insignificance of the struggles that you impose on each other.
Just because I recognize the meaniglessness of this shit, doesn't mean I want to die, you fuckshit.
I find it all to be quite intriguing.
forgot pic
You don't have a choice when the day of the rope comes for you inhuman scum.
This is the most important thing to note.
This time there will be no stimulus.
There will be no bailouts.
There will be no mercy.
You write like a melodramatic faggot
We see dogecoin hit a dollarmy body is ready
Why is being a bubble a bad thing?
haha like this guy even knows what he's doing!
!1!>no i won't pinpoint any specific reasons>not because i don't know them but because i dont needa prove ANYTHING >everyone already knows lol ur an idiot
having a mortgage>having a car loanGoy movements
I have an additional €5k to invest in crypto.
I already hold 3500 Ark and 8.5 Eth.
What should I do with my 5k?
Help me out here
Its not if you can manage to get in early and get out before it pops.
But that's the thing about bubbles, its next to impossible to predict the top.
And when they begin to pop, it happens so quick you don't have time to react
lowered rates to 0 already.i'm a brainlet, can someone elaborate on this please?
YEAR: 2020 (After OP's Mega Crash)TOP COINS1) IOTA (MIOTA)2) MONERO (XMR)3) NEM (XEM)
DOGE $1I want to believe!
Ty Anon, This actually makes me comfyUSD and paper money are much bigger shit than crypto.
Its absolutely the backwards old world shit, no way it could keep living in the next century.
That's the opposite of crash
hehehee, this is the perfect scenario.
I will be slowly funneling my money from crypto to stocks, normies won't ever have a clue and once it will be too late...hehe, they will be holding my bags
God damn it anon, you're a retard.
They operate within a regulated space, debts will be recovered in equity and infrastructure if necessary
junk bonds are off the charts.it will be crypto and junk bonds.
Its...its us.It's the cult of Moloch and their central bank debt bubble.
to usher in a new heaven on earth... a new golden ageLike best Korea claims to be, right?
Fucking this.
If crypto blows before junk bonds or auto loans or in US, I swear to god I'm getting off the grid and never touching any money ever again.
This is ridiculous.
Depends on why it's crashing.
I could also see a market crash being great for crypto.
Btc is doing well in places like Venezuela and Zimbabwe.
4525154This.
People in every crisis-ridden country run to BTC since a- foreign currency quickly runs out and goes to blackmarket in such cases, b- it's easy and transportable internationally if needed, and c- not only their money preserves its value, it may actually gain some value too.Venezuela and Zimbabwe are very poor countries and their effect on a $150bn market are not big.
But this is a phenomenon now.
Soon you may see a developing country goes to crisis (Brazil comes to mind) and people running to buy BTC whatever the price.
Then you'd see how much of an effect that is.The more economic crisis, the more BTC is worth.
well fiat is the real scam.
what do you expect?
anyone who knows anything about the world knew cryptos rise was inevitable since they heard about it years ago.
http://money.cnn.com/2017/11/16/investing/bitcoin-zimbabwe-price/index.htmlI recall the same thing happening in Greece a while back.
A lot of the spike in interest behind these uneducated third world buyers is because they are being roped in through legitimate pyramid schemes (think Bitconnect, but without as much of an online presence and mostly operating out of Africa)
I just realized I used the phrase >legitimate pyramid schemesI mean ACTUAL pyramid schemes.
yes the demand for magic meme money without any use isnt that high.
Interesting.
That would obviously have some effect.Although what I'm saying is very real and a natural reaction too.
Your currency (in which you get your salary) losing 10% every month sucks bad, so you run to buy something that doesn't, as soon as you get your hands on your paycheck.
4520604https://youtu.be/9NGav1HV9KQYour bloodline is going to be muzzie.Seriously.
I know, I know, fuck off to /pol/ but I came to /biz/ first and wandered off to /pol/ and now I cant unsee!
Help me unsee.
I'm not falling hard for the hate minorities meme but I do hate those that have shapen our society so that no western country will have an etnic european majority when I'll be 80.
I hope crypto makes it big and that /biz/ uses its wealth and influence that comes with it to counter this child killing propaganda of abortion is good, try being gay, women, forget about kids but get a career, if your country is not at war but just less wealthy you can still be a refugee, etc /rant
Fuck off.
I am the center of the universe.
Maybe, if sociopathic degenerates like you stop breeding, humanity will finally advance to the next stage of human civilization.You're right, better stop having kids and instead let Shaquisha have her 8th kid with 8th different man, who will then live off of welfare and your tax dollars while claiming disability for a non-existant injury for the rest of her life so she never has to work.
That will definitely help

so cash out before 2019?
Thanks anon!
Our "unemployment rate" just counts those asking for gibs while looking for jobs.
Labor participation rate minus ~10-20% is a more accurate picture.
What do you mean no velocity?
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Velocity_of_money
MV=PQMoney Supply x Velocity = Sum(Price x Quantity)Velocity means how many times the average unit of currency is used per year to buy something.
B $ doesn't cause economic crash.Yeah, mining factories will get hit hard as well.
If you are looking for crash signals, look at something that has something to do with at least 5T $.Btw crypto isn't involved in everyone's daily life, so it will hit those who use it, not entire globe



>cash out by 2019>watch the world burn from my mansionThis is my dream scenario OP
Woah, this might be so fucking good.
If I cash out after a grand fiat devaluation, then crypto bubble implodes, I will die of laughter.
this is stupid OP, crypto is nothing ATM

Shut the fuck up you gullible retard

someone points out eugenics is retarded >there can't be any other point to life so they must be nihilistmost willfully stupid argument I've seen all day
nice, just bought 100k!
It's astonishing how dumb you are and I hope your death is painful in the upcoming war.
mavrodihe can't keep getting away with it
because it's more convenient and stable.>BTC 10000% returns over 5 years>more stable KEK
They used up all ammo.They ran out of tricks up their sleeves.The economy is already on life support for 9 years.Next time they get hit they can't just go through a checklist and do the shit they normally do and thy already did it and never removed it because it would cause a recession.
Invented meaning you know is fake is not true meaning.
China is buying oil now in Yuan, not US dollars.
They say that's like 20% of petrol trade in the world.
They do this because they know they can get away with it without ending up like Gaddafi.
China also holds a mountain of US debt.
It's not like they would remain unscathed if USD suddenly crashed.
If the next economic crash is crypto its still got a long ways to go up before that can happen.
Crypto could crash to 0 and the majority of the population would be utterly unaffected, as long as that's true it can't be considered a full economic trash.
If my 2 options are slightly flawed logic and happiness that affects noone else vs completely logical and suicidaly depressed i think we have a clear winner.
What if genocide is what i enjoy in life?Find a new hobby
Why should he, sounds like he's already found what brings him pleasure.
Not like it should matter to you if he murders ten billion people if you're truly a nihilist.
4521769Alternately you can genocide yourself and finally achieve true happiness.
This way you don't disrupt others happiness while getting true happiness yourself.
It matters to me if it disturbs my happiness especially if ny happiness doesn't distroy lives but his does.
2019: we reach multitrillion dollar capI dont think bizisens would mind any crash at that point
China is becoming a middle class society, it's not what it used to be.
They don't need crap from burgers to survive.
US needs a constant stream of stuff from China to function.If Chinese would say they don't accept burger wraps then all products would go up in price in burgerland.
It matters to me because it disturbs my happinessWhy would it disturb your happiness?
If you die it wouldn't matter because you'd be dead.
If others dying disturbs your happiness then you're not really a nihilist either.
>my actions don't disturb happinessYour actions seem to disturb his.
Here's a better solution and one that would entertain me, people like you and him can increase the intensity of your little social battles to bloodshed and I can snack on popcorn while watching livestreams of it.
I hear they are exchanging burger wraps to gold now before people realize the value of them.
pic relatedThis is what USD is regardless of what Jamie Dimon says crypto is more sound.
Your "happiness" is just chemical reactions you get in your brain when you do something that resembles what has been genetically successful in the past.
If you believe in happiness why don't you just mainline heroin until you die?
Im not arguing but if i were to pick an optimal system of government in a system where people's end goal is to be happy and undetstanding that it is an impossobility for everyone to be happy especially if there are people who derive happiness from others displeasure it would be a government which has no problem making the minority a little unhappy while keeping the majority happy and it would be a system that would give all people natural rights that others would not be able to infringe upon.
Because heroin would not make me happy.
Remember i define what happiness it to me.
The name on our birth certificates might be a better candidate as the mark.
We both know the way heroin or any addictive drug works.
1 its expensive so not happy about that.
2.
If you usae it too much it will ruin your brain chemistry leading to unhappiness 3.
Others will make judgments on my usage of it which would make me unhappy.
sounds like debt
Stage 1
You are right China is vastly different today and I respect that except for their liquid cash injections and terrible corporate debt.
They are not special, pic related.This is the biz spirit.Thank you for making me feel sane anon.
Good to see this data being shared.
Read and monitor these markets every day.Yes, likely our social which used to bind us to debts and the sin of usury.
Mark of beast is fud.Almost here anon.
This isn't a normal correction when you have the ECB, BoJ, FED, PBoC and very likely many others injecting fiat into the system.
You are right about hard assets but once those are all bought up there will be massive amounts of fiat floating around.
No one will want to sell the hard assets due to uncertainty.
Once we reach this point and the trickle of sweat turns to a flood exchanges/banks will be bottlenecked and/or cutting off transfer orders due to demand.
Value won't disappear, just relocates.
Good luck anons it is almost time.
Stage 2

Stage 3
Stage 4 (final)
Dumbass, you literally don't stop until you die from OD.
Your happiness is assured.The point is though that you are actually pursuing a a strategy of genetic preservation without self awareness like an unevolved moron.
You are only one rung above the impulsive drug addict.
Those that consciously pursue furthering of their genetic line are going to blow you the fuck out.
Maybe this strategy would work:while the seas are calm convert fiat to crypto>fiat collapses, crypto rockets up to crazy highsconvert crypto to gold> crypto corrects from insane highs to moderate and stays there (stabilizes)convert gold back to cryptoprofit?
They will pump at the same time in crisis and you need physical.
The contracts on the market are convertable for delivery but there are more contracts than oz of gold allegedly.
Right now prices for PMs are excellent.
The banks have been supressing their breakout through shorting futures contracts.
"The seas are clam" refers to normies being deluded to the state of affairs.
While the central banks are injecting capital or using policies allowing for cheap capital buy crypto.
On bull runs pull some profits to buy up physical gold/silver that have their price surpressed.
When everything goes to shit sell once gold is overbought in the markets.
I don't know how to determine when gold is oversold but you could research the 80's bullrun.
The normies are completely oblivious of what's happening.
Something would need to fall on their heads for them to realize.
I find it funny that Germans repatriated all gold from they held in US back to Europe.
Absolutely, only have one close co-worker who is literate enough and he stock piles weapons/pms/cash/crypto.
The only sign right now is retail stores are going through an apocolypse.
To an individual they may assume they overspent a bit and have been shopping less.
The news of pension funds on the verge of meltdown get papered over with new record high!
Buy my fang stawks.
At this point I expect to see a flash crash meltup.
It will go up until it doesn't anymore.
I remember few weeks before the bankers decided to collapse Argentina the news would show gold convoys leaving their country.
Good luck fueling that Lambo when gas is $50/gal.
Agree.The normie passive investing is malinvestent.
I laugh when I watch Bloomberg Technology and they interview a Tesla 'analyst'.
Some random woman off the street who doesn't have even vague understanding of engineering.
She can't explain the decisions the company makes because she can't imagine how an engineer thinks.
Stuff that even a student would understand but not the 'analyst' because somehow it's OK if they don't understand their domain.
It's all just an act to spoon feed the stuff to normies who want to feel like they are making educated decisions.
They also have no clue what Tesla/Facebook/Google is, what it does and how.
This will end.
China are stockpiling gold, I wouldn't bet against them pushing for reverting back to (at least partially) gold/PM backed currency in future.
Quantative easing over the last decade has been a disaster.
Everything is overvalued and inflation is way above any official figures you'll find.
It's what made me get into crypto initially.
If shit really hits the fan crypto will go absolutely insane.
The price will go up in paper not in bitcoin/gold.
Vertcoin
Same here all I wanted was a place to call my own.
Make good money and worked my ass off for the last 6 years.
3bd 2bth homes and condos an hour outside of the city for 300k+ that need work with limited inventory is fucking garbage.
Definitely had a mental breakdown after realizing the scope of the bubble and it's implications.
Now calmly insane.China is inflating their currency, maybe worse than us.
The difference is look at the wealth they built in infrastructure, mining, shipping, manufacturing, cities dams, etc.
while stocking PMs at discount rates.
China is very strict so if they collapse it will be controlled and on the rebound they have everything they need to stay at the top.
What the fuck did we buy?!?
Shit liabilities from 08', more over leveraged mortgages, stock buybacks and six year auto loans.Make the pain stop, I want to go home.