I want to buy LINK but I see so many mixed opinions.
It has POTENTIAL to be a great coin, but their team seems retardedly autistic.
Their marketing is also garbage
Literally no mixed opinions now.Everyone is yelling BUY BUY BUY
People are posting threads to buy buy buy, but I see a lot of hate towards it as well.
Do I go in for $300 or do I buy a fake id and drugs?
My bags are getting too heavy.
If I get dubs again, I’m buying LINK right now.
If not, shills, convince me.
the team is not autistic it’s one of the best teams in crypto right now.
Their idea is revolutionary and if adopted it would be a good invest now.
Forget about marketing and shit if you want to buy buy it and don’t look at it for 2 years
Please give me instructions on hwo to store this safely for 2 years.
i got a nano ledger S but i cant fucking figure it out plz help
create wallet on myetherwallet.
store privatekey on paper.
no, turn on browser support for your ledger, open the ethereum app on your desktop and click connect, then click connect on the myetherwallet website.
Yeha ive followed about 4 different instructions and they all say similar things but I fucking suck.idk i cant just get it to work ill probably just end up storing it on different exchanges evenly at this rate
I tried that I just cant get it to workits 2am here in new zealand ill try again tomorrowalso the gubbermint could take 30% of my gainz from it RIP
Ok, click ledger on the new website.
you should be on a page that says "connect".then pull up the ethereum app from your desktop and click the ETH app on your ledger.
nothing should hapn since you turned on browser support.THEN after all that is done, click connect on the MEW webpage and if should pull up an address for you to choose.remember you need to turn on browser support on your device first.
Make sure it's on.
If it goes supernova get an accountant.
Also store in eth hardware wallet and forget about it for a year.
Don't get involved with the drama or you'll sell for $1 like those Bitcoin idiots who are kicking themselves now
Yeah ill sell like 10% if it goes to 1 dollars just to supplement my needs but if it goes to 1 dollars you know its going to 5 at least
Auckland?
I'll come help you
Fuck yes lets meet up id love a comrade im in auckland
Hahah sweet mail me here belaruscruise@gmail.com
Sent
Ahh no u arent the same person nooooo im too drunk late night for this fuck u why cant i look at tripcoooodes
lmao I'm the same person don't worry, ISP is messed up.
You have a ledger.
No need to write your private key on paper because you can't.
Its locked away inside the ledger.
You do need to write your ledger seed though, and store it.
But that has nothing to do with LINK.You just need to go to myetherwallet and click "view wallet info" and it will ask how you want to access your wallet.
Then click "ledger" and it will import your private key into MEW.
You can now see you wallet address (this is where you send link).If you want to send stuff out of the wallet click "send ether and tokens" and access it the same way, by importing the ledger key.