I am a filthy wageslave with 2k to suicide on your favorite shitcoin.I have realized that my life is so shit, that if it doesn't improve I should probably kill myself.I want to do one last gamble with my "savings" (2k total).
In what shitcoin should I invest to have at least 4-6k when mid 2018 comes around.
Lets do this
I'm thinking about getting out of neo as soon as it hits 45ish and go all in on powr.Someone lmk if this is a bad idea.
NEO is beginning its sell off, especially since the NEO council told us the news wasnt related to the government or regulation.I would get out sooner than later to keep any profits.Im waiting for a dip in POWR myself.
dont want to get stuck with a falling knife.
Turn it into bit coin then throw it my way.
Ill send ya back a % of the interest
ODN.
It has lots of things coming out late 2017/early 2018.
And a 6m market cap so there's a lot of room for growth.
It's cheap right now because it's only on 2 shitty exchanges.
But the devs have said that they're in contact with better exchanges.
ARN on Binance, just 4M mcap
GOING ALL IN Anonymous (ID: y9QjYgqp) 11/19/17(Sun)17:31:16 No.444b3 and stake it for another 10 days - 5x coins
price right now - 3 satoshis -master nodes released soon
4448135Thank you pajeet you are my greatest ally
POWR and OMG have good potential for gains by Q1 2018 from what I've seen.
Not sure I believe in POWR long term though.
Don't put everything into one coin like a tard.
I like powr.
I had one concern (mainly that it relied too much on the "solar energy" fad, since the technology isn't that well developed yet) but reading a bit more on their project and I am convinced that it is solid, and on the PR alone from the mainstream it should moon.
I am guessing powr is also looking more promising as of late due to the rumors of a pbc report?
What was the other energy project that was rumored in the report?
No offenses but ODN went from having a 1-3m trading volume to a 30k trading volume.
Sounds like a pump a dump to me.Interesting.
Will research more on this project.b3.
Looked it up seems promising but I will have to check more on the team
bump