all time high time to buy edition--Robinhood FAQs --- VISIT THE WEBSITE FIRST DAMMIT!!
- www.robinhood.com> How is it free?Robinhood earns revenue by collecting interest on the cash and securities in Robinhood accounts, much like a bank collects interest on cash deposits and by collecting fees from robinhood gold.> It's been X days, why isn't my account verified yet?Not being approved in 3 days seems to be the new norm.
Nevertheless, call/email their support if you've been waiting more than that.> When is it coming to my country?The only "plans" are on an Australian and Chinese beta.
Neither of which has gained much traction.> I hit sell when the stock was X.XX, but it actually sold at a lower price, why?Robinhood graphs are shit and only show you an average, not true real-time prices.
To get Bid/Ask prices and important things like candlestick graphs, you should use a more robust platform.> Where can I get better charting or bid/ask?Real brokers, like TDAmeritrade's thinkorswim.
Otherwise you should be using tradingview.com, stockcharts.com, finviz.com, or a non-pile-of-shit for your graphing in addition to Robinhood.-- Links --Premarket Movers:http://www.nasdaq.com/extended-trading/premarket-mostactive.aspxEarnings Report Calendar:https://biz.yahoo.com/research/earncal/today.htmlBiopharma Catalyst Calendar:https://biopharmcatalyst.com/Pump and Dump Advertising:https://stocktwits.comS&P 500 VIX Futures (For XIV/UVXY, higher is better for UVXY, lower is better for XIV)https://www.investing.com/indices/us-spx-vix-futures
The NEETs are up early for once I see.
Getting my wojaks ready.
yes i crawled out of my damp lair early today :^)
> -0.08 epsI hurt myself today
My heart goes out to any /jap/ bros here.
Nikkei getting absolutely walloped.
US may take more business away from Japan, with new trade deals being sorted out with China.
don't see it?
i'm looking at -.2% and nasdaq futures of -.5%.
I think we're taking the loss.
US indices aren't doing too well either, but imo, the sell-off in Nikkei was much more fast-paced and steep.
>TRXC +6.32%>LODE +14.43%Is today going to be good for meme stocks, lads?
LODE reverse split is tomorrow.
If financials don't bounce back today I swear to God
Fugg, I thought it was today.
Have to hold on to this shitbag for two days now.
nasdaq certainly is getting pretty hammered right now
Yeah I'm getting out of my nasdaq stocks this morning.
Shit is looking bad right now.
These are the percentages stock cucks worry about.
definitely stick to your plan, but personally I'm waiting to see if this is just a bounce (inb4 it's not)
I feel stocks are so overvalued right now.
Should I buy into commodities?
Are there ETFs for that?
surprising to see gold perform with such weakness, despite the dollar index dropping
% of 300k is 3000/day movement.
come back with real money shitcoiner.
There's ETFs for everything.
I'm rotating into commodities today.
This last earnings season is proof that the tech bull is running out of steam.
Do you recommend any in particular?
Or how would I research what to buy into?I own VOO right now, probably keeping some of that (what do you think?
), and then was going to sell most my tech stocks and move into commodities?
What kinda commodities are you looking to buy?
personally I'm going to load up on gold and oil.
Here's a good resource.http://www.etf.com/channels/commodity-etfs
Not sure.
Was thinking oil and some kind of materials that get used for fuel efficient cars and planes?
Maybe carbon fiber, magnesium, and those types of things?
I'm really out of my league.
Oil has been low for so long and seems to be rebounding.
I think the arabs flooding the market kinda backfired on them, because now it seems US companies can be more profitable at a lower price.
It forced them to get more efficient.
But I don't really know.
XXII master race.
also holding ARCI through earnings.
4265033I mean I see https://personal.vanguard.com/us/funds/snapshot?FundIntExt=INT&FundId=0952 and think maybe it's actually risky?
It's definitely starting to wake up from its bear market.
The upcoming Aramco deal is what is going to set the field for the years ahead.
It looks like NAK might have another bull day again.
Those fucking UVXY call options I bought yesterday on a whim are going to fucking double aren't they?
I'm buying JNUG too, and waiting on this TRXC lift off.
When people say the "equities market" that doesn't include commodities, right?Like this:>Berkshire Hathaway (BRK.A).
BRK has a beautiful, clear trend sequence from the 2009 lows.
This is a big tell of the maturity of the equity market and it is likely to top very soon for a large decline to the bottom of the channel - and ultimately - a break of the channel in order to correct this long trend sequence.
http://www.matrixtrade.com/stocks/hot-stocks/That refers more to the NASDAQ and so forth?
Basically saying that these stocks are due for a correction?
I mean NYSE, NASDAQ, DOW --- all of those.
4265033I don't know about oil today though.
Definitely long in gold.
I mean actually Oil is a good seasonal play along with the unrest in the Arab region, but just it's been running pretty steady the past few days, I'm expecting some kind of pull back or flattening in it's curve.
4265234Yeah UVXY is going to fucking moon bro.
If you want a leveraged index, I'd be long in Russia today.
Shares in Fuckbag O'Shaughnessy's Toilet Bowl Grill are now available, if you're interested
NAK ATTAK.
Let's go boys.
Partnership news soon.
Ez fucking epa annoucement.
Where my naketeers at?
I'll wait till their first earnings report, I got burned on my last IPO.
Plus with the NFL fucking every company that goes near it, I'm not touching anything with bowl in it's name until March.
You gotta pay the gains toll if you want to get in the B hold.
A name change could be in order, and maybe our dividends shouldn't be paid out in the form of doubloons I made in my garage....
Maybe a new business model too.
Like make the servers wear traditional Irish shit that reveals a lot of cleavage, and a free shot of whiskey with every order of overpriced Shepard's pie, and sell some fucking trinkets and trash like overpriced t-shirts and beer mugs.
Can someone help a newb out?
Here are my stocks:>JPM>TRXC>LODE>F>VOO>AMD>SHOP>BABA>PYPL>BACCan someone give me some advice on what to do with each of my stocks?
The bank stocks are turds I was an idiot for getting into that, tech stocks have been doing shitty will they get better for the holidays?, got some meme stocks, Ford thought maybe was a good pickup cheap hoping it bounces up a bit and I can sell it.
I've been making money off VOO and meme stocks, all my long term holds have been shit other than VOO.
Been trading for about a month and up 2% but only because of meme stocks and that was more of a gamble that went right than anything else.
well laa dee da its lookin like LODE might actually make me something other then suicidal.
What's the catch?
Should the owner quit or step up drinking?
Get Nak
I got LODE and TRXC, I think I'm pretty meme'd up right now.
don't judge bank stocks too harshly, when the general market is getting hit
Nak isnt a meme tho?
Ask bagholder
TRXC looking good pre market.
Where's there dude that went all in 10k shares yesterday.
He's going to celebrate.
I mean what are your goals?
You need to have a strategy for how you're managing the different parts to get to those goals.
Sometimes you have to just drop the bags and move onto something else.
Sometimes you have to just drop the bags and move onto something else.This, I don't think I'll ever fully get the hang of doing this, but I'm getting better.
I literally made 5k off NAK in the last month.
It's super consistent.
>This TRXC pumpWhen do we sell boys?
I don’t want to hold onto this till earnings.
$3.00?
$3.20?
is that Pandora anon still here?that thing just doesn't have a bottom :(
Did you day trade it?
It was going in between 190 and 210 for a long time last month.
I should have been buying and selling but with only 600$ in, im waiting for the big pay off.
Where's the news for TRXC?
Was I memed on?
Okay.
Maybe hold through the new year?
I don't have a strategy.
I'm trying to learn.
I feel like I got to stocks too late so really hesitant to put much in, because I think it's going to correct soon.
Once it corrects then I want to already know how to work the market so I can start investing.
Maybe that's a year, maybe that's five years, but, I feel like now is a bad time to do long term stuff like I want to do.
But maybe in the meantime commodities or a mix of international bonds or something?
If I think the stock market is going to correct, where should I put money?
Big picture is I have like 207,000 just sitting in my checking account like an idiot.
Not sure what to do with it.
And it's growing fast because of my pay combined with very low expenses (no family, no gf, no friends, no expensive hobbies).
Waiting 4 BOTZ dip due to NVDA.Buying LIT dip in meme time.
No news, just earnings today, supposed to be after hours
Is it too late to hop on UVXY?
ER 4:05pm.
Bank stocks are safe, long-term.
I would advise against "investing" in commodities, if you're just starting off.
You can always allocate most of your available amount towards a low cost index fund.
agreed, put 90% in index fund.
play with 10% on memes.
or something close to that ratio.
4265670Like a Vangaurd four-portfolio index fund?If the stock market corrects, how bad would that get hit?
Pussy.Not gonna make it.Enjoy mediocrity.
wtf sort of question even is this?
how can you not figure this out by yourself?
If you're just starting out and go all in on memes you're going to lose big and get scared away.
Don't you love retards?
Take a look at Vanguard's (or any other option) general market etf's, one that covers the SP500 tends to be a good place to start.
Your concerns about the market being overvalued are warranted, imo, but this is due to larger scale macro issues coming into play.
The best thing to do, if you're worried, is to stagger your entry.
Choose a fund, then split up the total amount you plan to allocate, then invest whenever you feel comfortable to do so.
I mean right now, today we're probably going to have a red day, and you've got quite a bit of capital saved up to work with.
My advice would be to trade paper for a month because you're probably going to lose money to start, and stick that in something like 20% in something like ANGL and put the other 80% spread across other sectors that are kind of at a low like the Mining sector, maybe get some energy sector and REIT.
It's just really you're buying at ALL-TIME-HIGH, but it's like this bull market could keep going into next quarter off of good economic news.
This Trump presidency is a fucking blessing, but the more this market goes up the bigger the inevitable crash is going to be.
TRXC isn't a meme stock.
It's actually going to be very valuable in the near future.
Right now it's just being used as a swing trade by most of us, but I would recommend the more serious traders here hold a few shares to the side and forget about them.
This thing has a lot of potential.
I currently own 642 shares.
I'm hoping to dump about 450 today if it gets around $4.
The rest I will hold for now, even if it crashes.
Too much potential to sell it all.
I went all in on memes and i turned out fine.
90% barely beat inflation% winnersKys
Looks like the pink wojak AMD memes are back in business boys good tiems
DJI +19.23% in 2017.
Inflation is over 20% this year?
Those funds are like buying the whole market.
They get hit just as fucking bad as the entire correction.
If this market drops 20% you lose 20%.
Whoever is making these don't stop
Is VOO considered a general market ETF?
Sorry for the dumb questions, I appreciate the help.Yeah, I mean maybe I just keep my money in cash for a while and tinker to learn and yeah some stuff that's lower.
I'm not sure how to really scout that though.
I mean tech is probably too high for me to be in long term.
If you are just talking about another quarter of good economic news, you don't seem too optimistic either.
How big of a correction you think there will be?
yeah, VOO is an ETF which follows the S and P 500 index
MOMMY TELL AMD TO STOP FALLING.RIGHTTTT NOOOOOWWWWWAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Well maybe I just keep my money sitting in a bank and wait it out.
I didn't have any money to invest when the last correction happened, so, maybe now I just wait for whenever the next one is to start?
Keep a bit of money in some ETFs like  mentioned but the bulk just in the bank safe?
Thank you.
Thank god I sold my cum eating instructions.
Yeah that's called buying the dip.
It's how you make money in the market.
Don't get me wrong, if GDP growth continues and unemployment keeps falling, this bull market isn't ending.
It's just we're in uncharted territory right now, and I am loving every minute of it.
TOPS
fuck amd and fuck asian people
That was rude
Well someone fell a little short on expectations
Why the fuck is AMD droppingThis isn’t even meme stock.
No news, just people selling
Don't you dare insult Mommy like that!
This is retarded, I thought it was supposed to be a red day!
What are some stocks that will rise over the Christmas holidays or past new years?Does that even happen?
:^)Also:>AMD>not a meme stockPick one
>TRXCHold into earnings lads you will not regret it.
Is that bread?
>tfw one of your stocks pop 10% but the rest dropz another 10% to make up for itT-thanks
That was 2 days ago it's done nothing but go down.
Not even past 11 too
The joke is that the sane thing for AMD to do is go down.
Anyone else just make a cool profit off that LODE bump?
That article is about how it should be going up
>tfw made 1k before grabbing a cup of coffee
Oh
Are you holding through earnings?
it's one of these days
Yeah then selling half my shares tomorrow at open, won't touch the rest for maybe six months
fuck this market I'm going back to bed
You have too much faith in memes.
I’m selling before close today to take advantage of this pump
What  this guy said.
That's what I plan to do too.
Dow's looking good
>Ophc wut da fuggggg
Their earnings are going to be shit because they were just approved last month for FDA.
Expect no moon, and probably a dip.
You are silly if you think they have some crazy news today
he doesnt buy the dips ride the rips and sells the kicksLmao faggot.
I was swing trading.
I was buying at 160-1.84 and selling at 2.09-2.15 a few days later.
I did it around four or five times with pretty substantial gains every time.
Poor earnings for this quarter are built in.
All about the forward guidance and bot leases friendo
Thanks to that one anon that recommended Canada Goose (GOOS) as a earnings play a few weeks agoGot a nice quick 10% today
It is friend.Welcome to the red day.BOTZ will tank another 50 cents to a dollar after nvidia earnings
LAMBOLAND here we come!What colour are you getting senpai?
OSTKand fuck the anon who was shilling PLUG.
Pink Wojak so I can shit post better.
Fuck a lambo I'm getting a Dodge Challenger to run over those pig disgusting shorts
Just the ass end though, the front is going to be Pepe green.
patrician choice
BABA hit my stop and sold for $184.15 this morning on open.
I came out $8 in the green after holding 45 shares since before earnings, should've sold when it was hitting $187 and I could've made a couple hundred bucks.
Oh well, might get back in if it drops below $180.I'm up $500 this morning on my MBI and PLNT short positions that I started yesterday.
I'm a little leery of holding the PLNT position for very long but I'm fairly confident that MBI will be dropping below $8 over the next few days.
To late to buy into the LODE meme?
Maybe not.
Tomorrow it's supposed to r/s.
I'm buying all day.
Get in before close.
cukstuckholder mining.
Is CEI going to hit .24 again?
See you tomorrow, lad.
not making 17% earnings because you bought yesterdayanon...
I FUCKED UP TOO MY FRIEND
4266468diggs out
>gpronow theres a shitstock
Says the guy who gives proshares free money buying UVXY high and selling low all the time
>GE to deliver key investor update Nov 13 9am ESTThis is where they'll be announcing their dividend cut I bet, I'm going to be looking for any bump in price to open up another short position before then.
Monday will be a bloody day for GE.
people bought this even though most people replaced there main retail items with their fucking phones>they bought this even though gpro has no indication of innovating or reclaiming any of it's lost marketamd and gpro retards get what they deserve
yfw GE becomes a bitcoin mining company
Those boomers that still have this in their retirement accountsSad
/17 puts in order?I'm thinking of getting some of this BTSC dip if anybody is into OTC shit stocks.
Not to mention all the Chinese clones out there now that have all the same features for 1/4 the price of a GoPro or less.
I have a Xiaomi Yi 4k action camera that I use as a helmet cam on motorcycle rides that cost under $200, has most of the same features that the top of the line GoPro has, and also has comparable image stabilization and video quality.
There's no reason to pay over $600 for a GoPro when acceptable alternatives are out there for $200 or less unless you're actually generating income from your videos and can write the camera purchases off as a business expense.
Biggest lesson I've learned is invest in memes.
Other than AMD they have been amazing even in this shitty as week.
And AMD I still picked up low and will probably eventually go back to its usual spectrum.
How do you guys relieve the stress of trading?
bought TWMJF at 12.10, sold yesterday at 16
do I pick up AMD now or is it just donezo?
It's great that TRXC is up 10% and all, but why are people flipping out on StockTwits?
Do they think it's going to moon or something?
after awhile you get trolled so many times you just become dead inside
I trade with monopoly money that I made several years ago on a lucky sub-penny play, even if I lose everything in my account right now I'll still be up several times what I initially put into it when I started trading.
I just think of the money in my brokerage accounts as play money instead of real money and it doesn't stress me that much to be up/down several thousand dollars.
You're supposed to wait until AMD is below $11 before you buy in
vape with nicotine helps man
Copious amounts of alcohol.
I want to day trade but only 4k in my account
Don't listen to Stocktwits unless you want to lose all your money.
It's how I'm down 12 grand.
that guy who daytrades while vaping and wearing green visor
Thanks for the advice.
I think the noise there is mostly outlier types that are super optimistic.
What did you lose it on?
TRXC will be $5-9 after hours ez
TRXC will be $40-60 after 2018 ez
They just want you to hold so the stock doesn't go down.I lost 3-4 grand on DCTH.
3600 on TOPS.
1 grand on GNCA.
I just lost a grand on SPI though I was up 1700 from holding through r/s... so 700 (I have no idea why I didn't put a stop loss when I should have learned my lesson from tops).
I'm down 2200 from TRXC from buying high when it was "guaranteed to hit 7 dollars".
I'm down 1 grand on RGSE, same thing.
There's some others.Basically the people on Stocktwits will outright lie to you to get you to hold.
The worst is I was going to see DCTH and make over 3 grand but I held because ST assured me it would hit 1 dollar.
So yeah.
I've learned a lot of bad lessons the hard way.
Yesterday I sold at a 400 dollar loss just because an OTC stock was cheap, and it turned out it wasn't the correct price due to delay.
The stock I sold went up which would have made me 200 bucks right after.
So there's another good lesson.
stocktwits is for pumper and retards, 1% good advice hard to tell though when you are a newb
Fucking Christ, man.
How do you even have that much money to lose?
I'm sitting on the sidelines but you guys gotta be careful with TRXC.
As a degenerate earnings gambler I've seen this episode before, a beat might be priced in already when shit runs up too quick like TRXC is, and if they miss it will fucking drop like a rock.Not to mention they missed most of their past earnings
I had over 30 grand to start.
I still have 10 laying around in stocks, and 15 in savings.
Now I'm just going to scalp everything with a stop loss a couple cents from my buyin.
I just hope TRXC lets me break even tomorrow.I think I might just go to bed and skip the rest of the day.
Think I should take my profits and buy back in?
goodbye /rgt/
4267078Are there really enough people on StockTwits for that to make a difference?
I mean the volume in stock trading is so great that wouldn't that site basically make no difference?
what happened?
Yeah.
I think holding TRXC right now is a mistake.Take your profits from today’s pumps and leave
F
will selb bounce back?
cant see why it dropped so hard and keeps dropping.
AMD claims another one
4267142Think sell now or wait until later in the day?
Once I cash out this robot rocket surgery stock and buy my green and pink lambo, I'ma pull up next to some hot broad and shout out, "Aye baby lemme carry your groceries!"
Bitches love Bagholders.
They don't influence the stock.
They just have enough influence on people to make them hold when they should have sold.If you keep hearing that instead of making 1000 dollars you could make 10000 just by holding a little longer, it's going to weigh in.
IDRA will continue to run.
I think it can break $3.
3PM is probably when everyone’s going to sell though, and it will take a dip
Put in a limit order at 3.00
Aren't a lot of people going to dip out of LODE near the end of the day or early tomorrow?People are going to sell immediately following the reverse split, are they not?
How's AMD doing guys?
fuck AMD and fuck cats
you sound upset fren
LODE I'm going to see if it moons a bit then dump early (probably too early, but, safer).
Good time to get NAK right now?
feels like it could go down again tomorrow tho
FRESH MEME PSDV!I don't even know what they do, but lets start pattern trading this one too..
>BAC and BAC+Bwhat is this guys fucking problem ahhhhhhhhhh
dont listen to trip fags
TRXC starting to waver a bit.
Dow seems to be concentrating a lot of pressure into a tighter and tighter range.
I expect there to eventually be an explosive move, but impossible for me to call the direction.
I tried to tell everybody to sell that shit when it was actually worth more than when they bought it, I even went as far as to say that warrant is going to expire worthless.
st move will probably be fake, real trend most likely opposite direction of the original breakout of the consolidation
4267451What?
I always wear my magic suspenders when I trade.
I also keep my bong handy.
Eh, it'll drop down below $1 for a while and then BAC will go on another little run and BAC+B will shoot back up again for a while.
It's a good swing play, there's still a lot of time before Oct 2018 so there's still going to be a lot of speculation until somewhere around mid-2018.
alright, well seems to be a downward break, there's bound to be buy limit orders just waiting there, I'm fucked if not :^)
I'm holding on till december.
Interest rates will be make or break itI pray that grandma yellen delivers the goods
Yeah but there's a bunch of people bag holding because they got robincucked.
I called in a favor to the Bogdanoff twins.
They're lowering it for me so I can buy the dip, because it was already too high by the time I got my TD account up and running after Robinhood cucked us.
I'll be happy when robinhood adds options so you guys will shut the fuck up about BAC+B.
it will be hard to get any real downside going into year end, would need some sort of crazy newsonce december hits it's pure grind mode with all of the street gone
The good news is that Trump's next fed chair is an interest rate hawk.
Kek, if I ever become rich, I'm definitely going to get suspenders like that.
Sure I could get them now, but it'd be funnier if I actually had money.
That kinda pisses me off>"no warrants for the goys because they're too risky but lets add options where people could financially ruin themselves for life with one bad play"
4267553kek, yeah I don't use Robincuck so I sold at $1.30, planning on buying back in if it hits $.85 or less again.Eh, I made almost $700 just holding 1500 shares of BAC+B for a few weeks, no reason to hate it.
I could trade options with my current broker but I'm a brainlet and have never done any research on how they work.
Could you ask them to get me a gf?
XXII master raceNigga just how big is this bag you're holding?
You're pretty dedicated to this.
green days in a row after 3 weeks of redTimes a changing lads
TRXC now only up 5% lads.
Apparently it's on CNN though.
Is been on CNBC yet?
Don't think so.
Brainlet hereHow is this LODE reverse split going to happen?Will my stocks just magically be worth more tomorrow or is there one jump that I need to exploit?
Bio_____>Earnings release >After hoursNo, no, no.
Your stocks will decrease in number and go up in price accordingly.
I think its 5:1.
Every 5 shares you have will be combined into 1 share
My stop got triggered.
Took small gain.
There is no magic.
It very well could be a huge LODE of shit tomorrow too.
This is true gambling.
It's not a drug you brainlet, they sell surgically assisted robotics.
I'm not going into afterhours.
I should have sold earlier.
I think it might pop back up though so hanging on unless my stop gets hit, which still gives me a 5% gain.
Anyone picking up Ford soon?
There's a lot of hype about it saying to buy which kind of makes me nervous.
Robotically assisted robotics same thing lel
I bought some a few days ago.
Not doing good but the market has been shit.
k into it today.
Wait I thought these were Robot Rocket Surgeons for the moon mission, not Surgically Enhance Robots, and they're being advertised on VERY Fake news?!?!
Fuck it, I'ma ride this one out.
Surgically Enhanced Robots sound pretty cool.
Speaking of Robots, how's Watson doing?
I forgot his ticker.
AIEQ?
I'm in with 1400 shares, lets hope for a bump.
Sorry, they're good, but they're not miracle workers.
I'm waiting for sub $11.50 before I buy in.
Robotically assisted surgical rocketry fucks sake I need more coffee
Holy shit, BAC reaching to break that $26 mark.
>lode has bird patternhere we go goys
>TRXC Stop loss set at 2.85>Otherwise selling around 3PMI'm going for a short walk.
These meme stocks are really helping my weight loss.
Nice, cheap warrants to buy up next week.
Despite the price going down, I'm just thinking that all the bad news going on with the banks recently is just FUD with the uncertainty that Powell isn't going to be male Yellen.
Nice I tip, this is how you trade cumstock, buy it now, and drop your lode in a few hours.
How much of a swing are people expecting out of Ford?It's too late to get this quarters dividendIs it just a short term swing trade you are looking for?
>KTOS down another 2% todayOver 20% for the month.
What the fuck happened.
I thought orange man was supposed to keep defense stocks rich.
Not holding your LODE overnight?
think the r/s is going to be bad?Anon yesterday was happy with 12.20...
Look at the meme lines.
Yeah, they're going to drop hard real soon.
They're way over valued right now.
When BAC was this price last month, they were less than $1.
Mark Cuban is gonna run in 2020.
What a fucking time to be alive.
Oprah considering it aswell
Did you actually believe what the meme man said?
Are you dense?
He's just in an abusive relationship.
PM what time zone?
Don't forget The Rock and Kanye too
what's the deal with BABA?
Sinking like a rock
Oprah wins>Everybody gets free cars and vacations to Paris
The one the stock market takes place in, I'd assume.
It ran from $170 to almost $190, it should drop a bit more and then settle in for another upwards push somewhere around $180 I think.
I could literally cash these UVXY options in for a 118% gain in 24 hours.
If those little neet shit coin traders even had a clue the kind returns you can get in this market, they'dn't be shit coin traders.
cukstuck
Anyone buying XIV Dip?
EST, but my stop loss triggered.
Sold at 2.85.
Not bad for a days meme.
I bought this meme yesterday.
Not sure what to expect today.
Just going along with it tbqh.
There is a conference call at 3pm, but their earnings are consistently low.
One of those things I think you buy on the hype and then sell before the realization.
The flip side of that is it's a promising new robotic surgical tool that over time could be worth a lot more.
But, unless you are holding for over a year (which might not be a bad idea with some), this is a pump and dump.
but their earnings are consistently lowBecause they've never had something to sell before.
Yeah.
Still, after the run up the thing will probably tank for a while where you can buy back in cheaper.
That's my thought, strong Q3 in the financial sector and BAC makes a new 52W high within a week after it's earnings call was going to drop soon.Hopefully December ends up being what everyone wants to hear so everything goes back on track, and anyone that isn't dumb enough to fall for the current FUD gets their gains.
Not until it's 20%+
Yeah this is just a little dipper, its like our standard bi-weekly major index sale.
Wait for the big dipper.
graph shows a gradual slope upwards rather than a sharp fluctuation which it has most of today>indicates less fluctuation>implying it isn't going to moon
4268549I am not a greedy man, I just want a simple 5-10% gain swing trade
Anyone in $CREG?
I was earlier, but I think it's running out of steam.
It's been stuck in the 5 dollar range after gaining 300% earlier.
Do we think this dippening will continue into tomorrow or should I buy now?
That's cause everybody already dropped there LODE.
You have to have a cigarette and a rest period before you can get it up with that kind volume again.
Bought XIV @ 105.50 let's go lads.
In b4 pic takes my gains.
Is tomorrow going to be green?
This is fucking brutal.
the pain has just began
I like BAC in general, but I'm not sure it has seen bottom yet.
The recent run was too much too fast.
I like it better at 25.
What do you mean senpai?
EVERYTHING IS RED.
AND IT WON'T STOP FALLINGRRRRRRRREEEEEEEEEEEEE
long long over due for a minimum 10% correction, probably a little deeperearnings weren't that great valuations are generally on the high end
He means Brandon Frazier is coming to town tomorrow, and the winning has stopped about as fast as when Charlie Sheen found out he's a poz-hole.
It's just on sale anon.
tfw LODE is my only green stock.
yes
We're in the middle of a correction and Fridays are typically a sell-off day anyways.
What do you think?
On pace to break my single day record loss here.
There's no bottom in sight right now, it's FUD/shorting episode right now.
Don't worry, I've just turned into a Dow marine.
Just checked my stocks.
Panic sold all my bags.
>S&P 500 Vix: +22%
I just wanted some good news.
Should I load up more UVXY?
I mean I think this correction has at least another 2% left in it.
I think the dow/nasdaq have found their temporary bottoms
At least I only owned 3 shares.
3x Etfs have been great this year but can easily fuck you over like today

Look again in another hour.
go big and stay strong.
Fuck that, I must vengeance trade right this instant.
mr-mr-mr buffett?
Am I going to get robincucked if I hold load through the reverse split?
How long until I'd be able to trade it?
I have divisible shares.
Holding a penny stock through a reverse split almost always results in substantial losses.
Nobody bought this PSDV shit yesterday like I said.
Fucking miss out on 7%.
we are the nasdaq marines and we are NOT FUCKING SELLING
you know it's been a tough day when...
Thanks.
I'll sell it.
+20% is pretty good on a shitty day.
Next moon mission?
I expect asia pacific trading will range in the indices, possible slight recovery in tomorrow's US session, I expect lower highs/ double tops to form on daily charts on the next upswing, especially if this tax reform bill stuff gets a little too on edge.
we're gonna make it bro
whatever isnt red
leddit is making fun of us for upboatshttps://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/7boxaa/this_is_who_were_up_against/
Thanks.
KONA.
It missed a bunch of its last eps results.
Clearly the market has been saying that shit goes up and quality goes down.
they have a discord spammer too jesus christ.
the only thing missing is a RH referral spammer
TELL THEM TO STOP REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Will DRYS ever get it's spike?
IS $SDOW GOING TO THE MOON?
That’s from a year and a half ago.Sounds like reddit memeing old shit like usual
Man, to bad they cant say nigger, or there little subreddit will get shut down :^)
I got 1000 on the next meme posted.
where my JCP boys at?
RIOT
DRYS
TRIXIE
Please donate a tree to israel to atone for your unacceptable racism.
drys up 5% on a shitty dayhow does george keep getting away with it
PDSV
Am i the only one in creg?
Goddamn it.I can't believe I just bought this shit while it's up almost 8% already.
.68 or 2.75 and I'm fucking out!
don't worry bud, they report earnings tomorrow :)
>tfw emotional vengeance trading manages to turn you an overall profitThe Dow; she taketh, but also giveth.
yes too bad you didn't meme it hard enoughwe need a new bread
Just DFEN my shit up
Should I buy into RLOG before earnings while they're still down?
I'm holding a few $3 puts for giggles.
DFEN has half of my money.
I'm too scared to look at it now
When do we unload the LODE
Put all your money in BOTZ lads
 minutes ago while it was at .14
im putting mine in $ROPE
Anyone else going all in on NVDA earnings?
just FUCK my shit up
what trash were you in?
You win.
i just cut a 15% loss to go in on the dip.
I think earnings might not be priced in that much this time
There was a 15% drop last quarter for lowered guidance.
See what shit they pull this time.
Anyone thoughts on JAGX?
last time too they had a massive run up on earnings day
Give it another hour or so, my meme lines are showing we're still in the hodl zone with some upswing potential on the horizon.
Did you put it all on shipping memes?
it's still trending up...
new thread b4 the archive42700194270019
I blew my LODE about an hour ago
4269919I dont want to talk about it.
No it wasnt shipping memes or even a penny stock.
Elaborate on emotional vengeance investing i'm intrigued