NEO is growing like nothing else seen in this crypto world.
Get in now plebs before you will regret your life biggest mistake.
Binance gives NEO gas for HODLING every month.
Buy some binance coin to daytrade aswell.
DON'T SAY I DIDN'T WARN YOU!
binance has low fees I may switch, bittrex shits on itself during random bitcoin shit anyways.also with that gay tether bullshit
lol bittrex is buggy and they require you to identify with passport.
stay the fuk away from that government infested chithole
i always cringe when "traders" reference some unrelated math pattern like they think they look smart.
fibonacci pattern confirmed
thx OP
made the switch from shittrex to binance and havent looked back>great looking interface>up to the second charts>exclusive coins>growing volumebinance is shitting on all the other exchanges
neo @ .0075 this time tomorrow, cap this fool
FIBONACCI PATTERN CONFIRMED AND MISSION TO MARS COMMENCINGSTRAP ON BOYS WERE ALL GOING TO MAKE IT
I agree.
binance > shittrex
only problem is its gox 2.0
kek.
trade wherever you want anon
Exclusive coins>Like it's a good thing they're trapped on one exchange
You dont need a passport or anything else, that's the enhanced confirmation with 100btc transfer limit.
With basic confirmation ( only ur name and address) u can transfer 3btc per day.
I BOUGHT 30 WHEN IT WAS 40 AND I DIDN'T GET MEMED ON FOR ONCE
You do if you dont live in the US.
it'll give you a message saying it can't find your "public information"
wut?
I dont live in the usa.. well i registered in june so that might be it.. anyways it's buggy yeah and most of my coins are already in binance..
4432034i live in usa and last week put money on bittrex, couldn't withdraw, didn't take my basic info, came up with a name mismatch for the enhanced confirmation, put in a ticket 6 days ago, still haven't heard anything back.fuck bittrex
yeah bittrex is really shitty now.
i signed up for binance a few days ago and they verified me in the same day.
Maybe i should slowly move all of my coins from bittrex to binance.. i just hope that binance lists vertcoin.
sell your REQ and get in on NEO to recoup your losses.
Stop talking about neo,I swear I will cry right now
you can still make some gains until monday.
chinese pump and dumps always best.
wrote a letter +100% ni hao
wait what do you mean?if i hold NEO in binance for a month i get a free GAS token?for reals?
and why?
I held 60 on Binance from August until today and I had 1.28 GAS.
i feel that, only problem is its chinese, could vanish/close your account in a second and nobody could do shit.