Anons just how fucked is BTC because of the recent change in BCH?
I've been reading this paste about the BTC and BCH war and it made me wonder why core fanboys are already claiming victory when the shitstorm has only begun.https://pastebin.com/D09wHy2W
my thoughts exactly.
I hold both.
but for them to dismiss entirely is just stupid
spoken like a true corecuck
Just buy bothIt's ridiculous how many core onlys you see stressing out 24 7
Real question is will miners continue to swap hashrate.
If they do, core is possibly in trouble with their less adaptive difficulty.
I can't figure out if all the people on r/btc are fake, shills or genuinely so bad at critical thought that they can't make a decision for themselves.
I have not seen one rational argument for keeping the blocksize at 1mb other than node centralisation which isn't even reasonable considering moores law and possibility of node rewards, especially against the alternative of $1000 fees and hour long confirmations
Real question is will miners continue to swap hashrate.Why wouldnt they though?
I mean shouldnt they only try to maximize profits?
inconsistent variable difficulty shitcoins have been banned from exchanges for exactly that
Arent people in that reddit board r/btc pushing for bigger blocks?
I think you're referring to r/Bitcoin
yeah that's what I meant
because no one trusts BCH anymore.
Even if it moons everyone will sell at breakeven/profit and jump back in BTC or even ETH if BTC blocks up.
kek
this
4356741why does no one trust bch?
4356741Errr i actually was expecting a more unbiased discussion.I dont think you understand the pastebin paste bro
because of the korean market manipulation these last few days and also because word of mouth and stories of JUST!
DAA will take a few days to smooth out the non-10min average blocks BCH has had before the DAA was activated.
Expected process
This will be an absolute shit show in the following days.
I cant believe BTC core is pretty calm about this.
well i hope you are right for the sake of my bags but i seriously doubt it.
Regardless the best option right now is to wait and see what the hashrate does in the coming days.
BCH seems to have settled down ~1200 for now.If the BTC mempool clears to nothing they'll be safe, but if things start getting congested again it'll start dropping.
best hodler is obviously ETH right now.
BTC core are all idiots, i've been in a few discords and they are all dumb normie hype train riding brainlets.
They don't understand that this is only the beginning of the flippening.
Bitcoin Cash has so much new tech being released in the coming months, I am telling you now that the flippening is still happening, and if you have more BTC than BCH in the in Q4 2017, and Q1 2018, you aren't going to make it.
A lot of the technology they are rolling out is highly price sensitive and they cannot disclose it to the public yet, but they have strongly hinted at it, and it is being whispered around in crypto meet ups with Bitcoin Cash spokesmen e.g.
Roger and Craig STRONGLY hinting at it.
These people are moving into BCH in the coming week and then after that BCH will slowly gain more and more traction against BTC.
Core cucks won't even know what hit them because it will be a gradual decline.
This is Baba, but i can't be fuckking bothered to pretend.
Just know that this is the conclusion I have come to, and I have bought back into BCH after taking profits during the pump.
KAKAKAKAKAKA
Couldn't core just push out a quick update that makes it variable as well if it really all came crumbling down due to a 10% profit difference?
i think that might be the overall plan.. force BTC into a fork before 8k or 10k
No you dumb core brainlet, because this would PROVE BCH RIGHT.
The only arguement BTC has right now is that it was a hostile take over and that the users did not support it.
If BTC core tried to do the same thing, literally everyone would immediately jump over to BCH.
The pastebin post was already taken down by this post here: Basically it is built on a false premise and collapses under scrutiny.
Yeah among all this shit on /biz/, I really hope you BTC hodlrs are buying atleast SOME BCH.I went all in at 740 so fairly cozy ATM.
how long ago was that?
Do you think it was a coincidence that the korean exchange crashed directly at that time?The pump did it's job and now BCH is on the top of everyone's minds.
When the new Tech roles out, the gradual adoption would eventually lead to the straw that breaks the camels back.
So the only thing that would save BTC in such a case is miners not acting rationally?
because thats the only thing that brings the pastebin argument down.
Im not really feeling comfy with that.
False premise being miners aren't all greedy?
BCH has already had ~60% of miners mining it in the past, at the very least they will switch to BCH if its price ever pumps up, or if BTC price dumps.
God forbid both happens, which will only take a few whales to do.
It's a ticking time bomb, everything up to this was just the warm up show.
This is what it looks like right now.
Like the other anon said, its expected for a few days.
Then the real war will begin.
I don't quite understand.
If the majority hashrate will go to Cash because of the price drop of BTC or a Cash jump.
Won't this new state only last for 10 minutes?
Wasn't the purpose of the BCH fork to maintain a 10 minute block time it will adjust difficulty every 10 minutes?So if in the next 10 minutes Cash goes down or BTC goes up again.
Won't difficulty just re-adjust to the new price fluctuation?
And therefor hashrate returning?
Pls explain.
text says.
That if transaction time slows Down because of less hashrate.
Price will drop and therefore going into a negative spiral.
I don't think this true.
Hashrate follows price.
Price don't follow hashrate.
Yes maybe in the case if the transaction stops all together.
You saw that two days ago.
Btc price dipped.
But jumped up again from 5500 usd despite transaction time still slow, hashrate still low and mempool still clogging up.
So in this new bch algorithm with this price jump.
Won't it just readjust difficulty?
Never sold my fork coins.
Pretty depressed at the thought of this being taken from autists and given to sociopaths.
what's better in means of a non-loose strategy:1. convert into fiat and let this storm calm down2.
hold both at equilibrium3.
stick to btc
Holding both at equilibrium is the safest strategy.
you mean like when blockstream hijacked btc?
Transactions are starting to clear on BTC.
All the people who previously could not to panic sell because of stuck transactions will have the chance to sell this time if price drops again
They're autists.
They thought they could herd anarchists.
They didn't e.g.
lie about being Satoshi, quote Ayn Rand, build mining cartels.
10-20% slower hashrate.
Won't dip the price.
Price don't follow hashrate.
Look at the weekend.
Transactions took 4 days to confirm .
Price still held steady at 6k.
Look at BCH it has has slower hashrate now, 1 hour average to confirm.
Price still holds at 1200.
By that guys theory BCH is in a negative spiral right now and dying.
And Read up on the BCH fork guys.
This fork is intended to prevent the major hash rate fluctuation to happen again.
So both chains will get hashrate.
At times btc will be a bit slower, but never again like the weekend.
if you think the bilderberg nwo takeover of btc is preferable to bch youre absolutely deluded
Price still held steady at 6kit didnt
It did.
Average 6k (5500-6500) even with 170k unconfirmed transactions pilling up it bounced from 5500 to 6500.
I have not seen one rational argument for keeping the blocksize at 1mb Increasing the blocksize is not a scaling solution ,you can’t process visa level transactions with a blocksize increase
This can change at any time.I'm really conflicted because the scenario described (poorly) in the pastebin is actually very plausible, and I'm holding some BCH so I'll profit short term.But the reality is if BTC enters a death spiral crypto is going into a bear market that will last for years.
If you believe this guys story of losing 10-20% hashrate will bring btc in a negative spiral .
BCH is dying right now too right?
.
Clearly you don't think that too right.Why not... ?
Cause difficulty will adjust.
Guys, I warned you about chain death spiral scenario for months.
Nobody listened
The only truth
OK Alex.