*quietly moons*You realise how big the partnership with YouTube is, r-right anon?
there's no partnership with youtube
Do you even know what a "partnership" is?
It isnt a partnership at all.
Its the ability to pay individual youtubers through BAT Mercury.
Opposite of a partnership infact seeing as youtubers who were shunned by Google and demonetized could have a new way of payment if this takes off.
This SPITES Google.
This SPITES Google.nein mein bruder, once google gets in ze game, which will happen as soon as mercury release, there will be a paradigm shift
it's now BAT vs. Google
Its always been BAT vs. Google as Google dominates the online adspace.
BAT is unlikely to grab a decent chunk of the market but if they actually pull it off the returns will be gigantic so to me its worth it to have a small % of your portfolio in BAT.
why would a youtuber want to get paid in this shit token when brave supports bitcoin payments?this is another case of companies thinking they need to have their own coin, just like they need their own twitter and facebook pages for their company even though they only ever get 89 followers
why would a youtuber want to get paid in this shit token when brave supports bitcoin payments?The business plan is that Brave users will be able to view ads for BAT eventually.
So youtubers would want to accept it at that point because many Brave users would have some BAT floating around but probably not any BTC.
They're still trying to work out how to keep that from being gamed through bots before putting this out though.
They're still trying to work out how to keep that from being gamed through bots before putting this out thoughYou're gonna have to go through a verification process to receive tokens (standard KYC).
Good luck with that, bot click farm for BAT ad payments would be inevitable.That would make it less valuable.Is the supply limited?
You're gonna have to go through a verification process to receive tokens (standard KYC).No, you'll have to go through a KYC to cashout or send to anyone not in their Brave ecosystem.
Which is why many won't bother and will just send it to the organizations and youtubers where the cumulative amount would be significant enough for them to go through the hassle.Didn't say it was an easy solution to come up with.>Is the supply limited?Yeah.
it is not BAT vs Google.
It is Brave vs Google.
If they develop a BAT plugin for google you could say they are working together.
Google isn't planning any similar cryptocurrency to my knowledge.
brandon eich held up the BAT skateboard and took a picture with youtube CEO
shut the fuck up about BAT.
this is now a board for shitcoins and bag dropping.
Not things with actual potential
SHUT UP RETARD, DELET THIS THREAD