https://discord.gg/Trdj5p119 SEATS LEFT.Will start when we are full.
Good luck.
Bump
Come on guys ;D we'r waiting for u
Om are you STILL waiting?
I went to sleep at 2am when you were "nearly ready", 9 hours have passed now top fucking kek.
I will rejoin tonight at 8pm :)

dont join this assholes group , sat in here for 6 hours earlier and got nothing
Join!
If you don't find anything very pleasant at least you will find some thing new - Voltaire.
Duh, info will only be posted once there are 500 members.
We are just waiting to be 500, it costs nothing you can join and just chill on and do something else ... just need 500 to, at least, move on to the next phase... it could be nothing but we will never know if we don't reach 500 people.
come in and find out!
Bump
"If you don't find anything very pleasant at least you will find some thing new - Voltaire.
""Getting scammed out of my money and dumped on by a bunch of shitskins was both new and pleasant."
- Gollum.
Why not ?
J-j-j-joiiiiiined
Let's get this rocket going guys.GET IN HERE!!
inb4>finally 500 members>everyone ready for the epic announcement>Patience goes offlinePlace your bets
Biggest dissappointment of my day
The fact that his name is "Patience" should be abundantly fucking obvious it's a troll.
WAIT I NEED TO JOIN ANOTHER PUMP AND DUMP SCAM GROUP THAT PREPUMPS THEIR "SUGGESTIONS" AND THEN DUMPS ALL OVER THEIR MEMBERS, PLEASE ACCEPT ME!!!!!!!
just sit tight, soldier, we're making this happen
it's legit.
More like we all want to know what his 'masterplan' is so yeah.. JOIN THE GROUP
JOIN FOR FREE MONEY BITCHES
Guys what is this?
I joined, what will happen?
bumpbumpbump
82 left guys!
Hurry up
He says its not a PnD nor an ICO
I can't join?
expired?
where is it.
post the real address
bump for those who still want to join this.
whatever it is.
let me in cunties
LET US IN, LET US IN!
Niggers who are in post on here what happened please
does your discord open but nothing happens?
just click on that window that opens again (in the browser) and open the group through the browser
SUPER STOKED
I have no idea what window you're talking about why can't you just have a functioning discord link?
OP doesnt react in discord.
have patience
https://discord.gg/nqgFEtNEW LINK GUYS
New one .
Join so we can find out what this guy has to sayhttps://discord.gg/B4bmaXX
what is this even
bump
bump I want to sleep already
49 seats left
how many left?
Get in guys, almost there
bump
PATIENCE!
bump for win
need more fools to feed the troll, get in here

bump
i'm in there since yesterday.
Patience is french, btw, but he sounds a little ukrainian.
he gonna drop some ancient Gallic scrypt miner knowledge on uslamboland here we come
bumping again
Bumperino
31 seats left, join now
ONLY 29 SEATS LEFT GET IN HERE QUICK!
Link expired
https://discord.gg/B4bmaXX
18 seats
We're nearly there, please join so we can finally rip
It's happening!!!
3 more come on
Bumperino ino ino
Rebelious.io ...