>Bought NEO when it was still ANS at $7>Never heard about LINK before the shilling>After researching, I found LINK's fundamentals better than all the other crypto aside from ETH>Sold $24,000 worth of NEO 1 week before SIBOS for LINK>Thought it would be easier for LINK to x10 than NEO since its marketcap is quite low even during SIBOS>Other holdings are $2,500 worth of REQ and $5,000 worth of SALTWhat the fuck.
I'm really contemplating suicide right about now.
Fuck this shit.
I'm just a young NEET.
Why does this have to fucking happen to me.
I have an additional 50k of savings in the bank (earned from making PPD websites) but just thinking about how much i fucked up and how stupid i am when it comes to investing makes me feel that I'll never make it.I got dumped on at $7 ANS too (went to $3.5) but it doesnt feel as bad as this.
I guess having the money and losing it is much worse.I still believe in these projects but watching the thing that i sold skyrocket makes me so fucking depressed.
I dont even want to fuckign do anything right now.
I might just stare at the fucking wall for 12 hours straight.
Send me some BTC and you'll get good luck in the coming trades, I'm kind of a lucky charm like that.Believe it or not, but it's worked before on some of the discords I frequent.
1JEL5UJfY9DwPjyeVCxESFv9qpEbVKdmPr
lmao kys
Are you fucking serious?
kek why dont you make an app like the "Lucky cactus" and sell it on the app store instead lmao.
don't know what to say man.atleast the REQ you bought was at the bottom.
Well, it's worth a shot, ain't it?
Then again, you could argue that if someone does send me money and expect good luck, it might do some The Secret shit and give em good luck?
Take half that $50,000 and buy a walton chain master node you fool.
I dont even get it man.
Just how many smart contract platforms do people need.
LINK is literally the only decentralized oracle right now with significant backing.
I promised myself not to put my remaining savings in crypto.
Its my capital for my side hustles.
Well let’s see if you make the same mistake again and sell your holdings to chase the news.>selling SALT before the software releases>selling LINK before any major news is released
Sell your holdings to chase the news.No fucking way.
I would have bought LINK if i only found about it sooner.
Its the only way external data could be put in the blockchain without a centralized oracle.
I'm going to hold until EOY 2018 to Q1 2019.
But still, this sucks so much.
Its like the whole universe hates me.
This is why you always HODL, and buy the new things with new money.
If you don't have the money, wait until you do!
Some say HODL is a meme, but you see clearly now, it's not.
Lesson learned.
Take from it, and keep rolling.
This is why you always HODL, and buy the new things with new money.I held NEO since it was ANS at $7.
It was at a multibillion dollar marketcap when i sold it.
But watching my old investment pump and my new investment dump hurts so much than ANS dropping from $7 to $3.5.