Explain to me why this image is wrong.
Cuz unlike biz's wet dream, sometimes you get lucky, other times you don't.
Because with bitcoin I would have only made $200k in 7 months but instead I've made $1.9MMWhich is why I decided to become a crypto guru, You will lose money with Attilafx and Crypto Yoda, not me-twitter.com/lambolydia
This is a crypto hedge fund marketer, working late on Thanksgiving eve.
Keep it up, Charlie.
Because the guy who made this meme used "hodl" so it's probably redditard who made it thus losing credability
Are you aware what your profile pic is from?
Fuck off to facebook with this cringe shit
Because I don't care about fiat, only how much bitcoin I can get.
Pretty sure he doesnt know
I have held Bitcoin,eth and xrp and have been a millionaire since this year.
I love the people saying it's bullshit whilst they claim to have made millions buy day trading shitcoins.
Sure lads...sure.... Wew.
4519724Now I'm curious.
Is it some kind of weird pedo doujin?
Yes, A famous one at that.
Be patient and you will succeed.
We are still early in crypto, look around you nobody has any clue about it in general population.
You think 2011 BTC buyers were early ?
Yes they were, we are too.
Hold and chill guys and we are all gonna make it.oh by the end of the year i made 2% profit HUGE !
While hodlers will be millionaire because they control their gut and they are not emotion driven.
You know we say that you have to trade with the money you can afford to lose.
Its not because you might lose it, its because if you have fear and are emotion driven you will make bad decisions.
Its trading 101, the cryptoworld is still so noob about those kind of things geez hahahaNow i have to tell you : This POWR thing is so pro, good team, good product, good marketing (remember the annoucements of announcements of fake news by NEO ?
), good ability to make deals with important companies and last but not least : a step into politisc of a G20 country (Dr MILF is a Deputy Mayor of Perth and already got a contract with aus gouv).
Dont listen to me but go see by yoursleves...
because the captions are supposed to get more retarded the further down you go.
im sure most people would have done better if they just held btc
It was right in 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015 and 2016.It's retard-level in 2017, you missed out on all your gains.
muh early adopter meme muh digital Gold meme kys.
bitcoin has been in the newspapers nearly everyday for months.
ur average Person has no interested in buying useless manipulated internet money for 10 k .
they will not really have the choice though.
traders have no clue about the tech behind it thats and they only look at market.
"oh lol the RSI of Bitcoin say its overbought i will not buy !!!
"BTC is undervalued until it costs 75k at least.
Supply and demand.
I dont even talk about all the blockchains being developped here and there.
What you said, i heard it in 2014-2015-2016 and now 2017.Pajeets rofl
Cool story breh