i used to be really into tf2 trading and i actually managed to cash out with a good profit,spent it all on every strange weapon variant.how well will my skills in virtual item trading transfer over to stock trading, if at all?also:>tfw used to own a copilot and sold it to a guy who had insider knowledge of the all-class update for it>he bought them all and put them all up for sale for like x3 the price afterwardsfuck you MeiIsBae
it was an unusual copilot
Literally anyone can make a profit in crypto so long as they aren't emotionally attached to it.
Aside from everyone here getting JUSTed, try investing in bitcoin through Binance or some similar broker.
Just be patient and smart.t.
/biz/ and cryptotrading newfag
why is it that people only trade e-coin here?there are millions of things to own stock in.
also, dont listen to everyone shilling for new shitcoins, 95% of the time they're paid shills exploiting the lazy mods on this board ignoring shill threads
I like daytrading, easy profits while carrying on with my daily life.
Stocks AFAIK are very long term investments that I neither have the cash nor time for
 Lower barrier of entry> More volatility for better gains> Up to this point, you'd have to be a complete idiot to lose money in crypto.
You need to at least do some homework on stocks.> Muh descentralization and utopia.
Crypto attracts the folks that want to see the banks and corporations go down.
bitcoin is like $8000 how the hell am i supposed to trade that
one sat at a time
sat?
i'm a newfag idk this technobabble.
there's a reason i don't get into the disparity between refined metal and keys while explaining the downfall of the earbud.
one sat is essentially the scrap metal of crypto
This might blow your mind, but unlike normal shares, you can actually trade in small amount of BTC!
It's currency afterall, you have dollars and you have cents.You don't have to buy a whole 1 BTC to trade.
1 satoshi (aka sat) is 0.00000001 BTC.
you don't buy bitcoin, you just buy a little bit initially (like 500$) to buy cheaper coinswhen more people buy more of those cheap coins the supply get scarce and you make money
so 1 BTC is like 1 refined?that being said, is there anything analogous to a key?