Metaverse ETP at the time was an insanely undervalued project.
I brought it to 4chan and recommended it, not a lot of people listened and then suddenly everyone jumped on the bandwagon.Congratulations to all who decided to take a leap of faith, we have all made insane gains.After discovering the insane undervalued ETP, I have been doing a lot of research on the possible next NEO/OMG/ETH/ETP/WTC and to my surprise I indeed discovered another coin from China that has been overshadowed by all the former glory and China FUD.Now I bring you: Asch (XAS)XAS also known as ASCH is chance for a moon mission similar in size to ETP, ANT, WTC and OMG.Unlike most of the Chinese coins in the above list, XAS was actually an insanely hyped and popular project in CHINA that received a lot of support from it’s community.
However due to unfortunate timing its momentum was killed of by the sudden China FUD.
I bet most of you are not familiar, but during that time XAS was also branded as the Chinese LISK, and was acknowledged by most to have even superior underlying technology.Asch (XAS) has already been in development for a while (3 years).
XAS had the largest trade volume atjubi.combefore the Chinese government ban on ICO, even higher than Neo and WTC combined!Asch (XAS) is an ethereum like platform that adopts an enhanced DPOS consensus mechanism created to reduce the skill threshold required from developers in creating Dapps.
They bridge this gap by adopting JavaScript as an application development language and by supporting RDP (Relational Database) to store the transaction data.
More importantly, Asch’s unique sidechain-as-a-application (SaaA) mode alleviates the blockchain inflation issue, as well as makes dApp much more adjustable and individualized.
Asch is a prospective, low-cost, one-stop solution that will become the incubator of next generation decentralized application.
These are the distinctive features of ASCH compared to LISK:1.
Supporting side-chains (cross-chains).
DApp data are stored in the side-chain, so the main chain data will not swell too fast.2.
The Advantages of Node.JS language.3.
Saving block data in relational database to reduce the difficulty of dApp development4.
The speed of block production is rapid.
Producing one block per 10 seconds and confirming it fast.5.
There will be no forking issues.6.
Safe sandbox isolating mechanismAsch founder, Qingfeng Zhang, is a well respected figure in the block chain industry.
He has worked as a development engineer in Kodak,YunYun and Weibo during his early years.
In 2012 he was drawn to bitcoin, in 2013 he built a Ripple gateway and in 2016 he started working full-time to develop ASCH.
Qingfeng Zhang is only the tip of the iceberg, they have 7 other core developers of similar reputation.Asch’s github https://github.com/AschPlatform/asch has also been very active and I can see them starting to form a lot of partnerships soon, and make a new push towards rebranding to the western market.https://www.asch.ioAsch already has several Dapps launched on their platform by developers, unlike some other projects who are only based on hype, some of them are:1.
CCT- A distributed and decentralized social news sharing and communication platform.2.
Killing chain- World’s first multiplayer online battle royal game based on crypto currency made by developers of Bilzzard entertainment and Ubisoft3.
KM wisdom- A decentralized predictive market application running on blockchainMany more Dapps are in progress, but still not completed, the above are already done and running.
Furthermore Asch has literally just started a campaign to push themselves out there and make Asch more known to the global western market.
This is literally the same story and development as Walton, Antshares as well as Metaverse all over again.In addition to Dapps on their platform, Asch is also already done with their mobile wallet+ web wallet and are in the final phases of completing their desktop pc wallet.
Finally, Asch will relaunch their website to the international community before the end of October, so you really do NOT want to wait until then as the prices will be much higher.http://bbs.asch.so/topic/1119/october-19-2017-asch-project-progress-reportIf you are curious about whether or not they are in good terms with the government, I have some good news for you they are in VERY good terms with the Chinese government.http://bbs.asch.so/topic/268/qingfeng-shan-founder-of-asch-was-invited-to-participate-in-ecosystem-construction-seminar-of-blockchain-ico-industry/5This is a hidden gem and severely undervalued.
However before investing money please take your time to do your own research as well, as I cannot guarantee that this will definitely moon.
I'm just of very strong believe that this could be the next big thing coming out from China.Also, the Chinese FUD will be over this month when the government is stabilized.
China will not shoot itself in the foot by limiting its potential in becoming the pioneer in block chain technology.
No, you don't "bring it".
Asch was shilled here hard just last month.
Major exchanges incoming.
They got in talk with Poloniex but Asch is not ERC20 or BTC fork so will take some time it seems.
They are getting listed on kex.com also.https://twitter.com/AschPlatform/status/930757795753869312
This is the same ASCH where their office looks like my grandmas living room right?
Who cares about the office tho.
They released their mobile wallet and website on time.
office means nothing, look at google where it started
This is a month old u faggot
NEO>OMG>ETH>ETP>WTCI'm literally feeling sick to my stomach right now realizing that I knew about all these coins since the ground floor but I never had the balls to invest in any of them.