>Ethereum...

Eat shit faggot.
Ethereum is strong and will moon soon.
will moon soon>has lost half of its value since May>has had three major hacks in the last year aloneSolidity is an awful, unsecure language and Vitalik is a gay 23 year old marxist.
Y..you take that back.
Better than literally losing your money when transferring small amounts.>Buy $10 of BTC>Try transferring the $10 BTC but the transaction fee would subtract $10 from my balance for a slow transaction>mfw when there would be literally no money left
you mean parity has been hacked?and by marxist you mean what?
he's flat out said he founded ethereum because he's obsessed with austrian school economics
Literally 0 errors have been found with Solidity.
It's 100% people making shitty mistakes in their own smart contracts and Solidity working exactly as intended.
obsessed with austrian school economics>supports the elimination of home ownership>supports censorship of people he doesn't like>supports hard forks to recover his personal fundsHe's a marxist.
If ETH's own developers can't make Solidity secure, then it is a shit language.>trying to program smart contracts in nu-JavascriptTOP FUCKING KEK
infinite supply of ethereum.
Who the fuck keeps their shit in a Parity wallet anyways?
They deserve that shit.
PFFFffffffffffuck this shit I'd rather be holding dgb
I bought 2K (USD) worth today at 295.
I expect to dump at 313 (again)
please stop rumour mongering the second highly most traded tech on coinmarketcap.com cannot be a ponzy scheme when majority of ICOs are based on it and we are awaiting proof of concept to materialize!!!!
you know you are talking nonsense.... just remove the thread and save yourself some dignity
If ETH's own developers can't make Solidity secure, then it is a shit language.This could've been prevented by a simple audit, they were just too cheap to do it.
The DAO was audited, and it still got hacked.Not even ETH's own developers can make it work.
It is unsecure shit, and it run by marxists.
Exchanges are probably safer.
Donald car
Why should I buy Ethereum?Where do I buy Ethereum?How much would Ethereum be worth in 2020?
>Why should I buy Ethereum?It the price might go higher in the future and you wouldn't want to miss out.>Where do I buy Ethereum?coinbase.com?How much would Ethereum be worth in 2020?At least $20,000
4246045for u
I buy on Gemini (easier for me to fund than Coinbase but either is fine)
What are the accepted funding sources for Gemini?
I sent 2K USD from my US bank account (wire transfer) a couple of days ago.
My US bank charged me 17 USD (ie they deducted 2017 from my account)Gemini deposited all 2,000.
No fee.
It was quick too.
3 days BUT I sent it on Friday and it showed up on Monday.
I’ve wired money to Coinbase from a US bank account before and it was much slower.
The good thing about Coinbase is they accept Visa/MasterCard for instant funding (but I think the fee is 20 USD).
Gemini won’t take a credit card.
Thanks for the info.
Really appreciated.
Nobody on here has any idea what he's even taking about.
He's on a totally different level.You are all like insects to him.
Negative tax isn't really that difficult to understand.
for some IQ80 brainlets it may be hard to understand someone who is )slightly) above average.
Vitalik = genius.
Haters = brainlets