We should get this dude hype on BAT.
He's had enough of youtube's jewish tricks.
The world is waiting for Brendan Eich to lay his gentile monstercock on them
Not sure if he would shill, remember he is against the jews
I don't think eich is jewish
Someone post that picture of the Brave browser team pls
This seems like a good idea.
How can we reach out to him?
He also has a lot of money that he could multiply by shilling BAT.
If anyone's got deep pockets try to contact him and convince him.
I think BAT is an awesome idea although maybe not the one that will be the biggest but it's a start.
If it looks like BAT is going to moon I'm going all in.
eich>not jewish
Another person to reach out to would be Ethan (h3h3productions).
Also mention BAT on subreddits about h3h3 or youtube drama etc as a new way for youtubers to get paid without youtube's jew hand in everything.
Although I doubt they will want to advertise something to their fans that could be a pump and dump.
holy fuck wed all be rich if pewdiepie made a video announcing he was gonna try using it
Yep that's what I'm getting at although I don't think he would want to shill something that COULD be P&D.
BAT does seem pretty legit though esp with Brave browser involvement.
Well, we don't need anyone shilling BAT itself, just the browser, and explain the reasons why it benefits content creators.
This.
https://www.reddit.com/r/BATProject/comments/7dfa22/youtube_demonetization_batbrave_awareness/Actually Brave's community leader was asking for people to reach out to youtubers.
Namely those effected by demonetization.
Quite the comprehensive list she made.
He truly is ourguy
Its a German name burger.
He is on /pol/ a lot.
Half his videos are ripped from the SFW /pol/ stuff lol.
Youtube is already registered for BATwtf are you talking about
Individual youtubers can recieve BAT payments now.
A boon to any who were demonetized.
if you have a youtube channel, you are already receiving BAT donations from brave users who view your videos (unless they manually opt out of donating to you)you just need to log in with your google account herehttps://publishers.basicattentiontoken.org/and claim themyou have to admit this whole setup is pretty cool
Don't want to ruin your hyped mood but BATs biggest issue is its ridiculously high market cap.
$160m no youtuber in the world would make a dent in that.
There will be much more suffering until BAT has a moon.
Probs from 10mil to 50mil in ~4 months.
Screen cap this.
I don’t care if it moons today or in the next weekI just want people to start using brave and fuck over googleI’m so tired of those chrome faggots, especially Jake he’s the fucking worst
$160m is a lotOnline ad revenue was $83 billion just last year, that will only continue to increase, $160 million is nothing.