Why is it climbing rn?
Any rumours?
It's because it's a good product and always was.
Considering buying back in from my initial sale at .00004
Me too but I want to buy a 0,000028 or 3 max
you had a chance to buy at 2200. a long, long chance to do that.
I paid to much I wish I had gotten in at .16.... bit I'm in the chain gang now boys!
Because it's a good crypto and most of the FUDing has come to an end.
Because everything is climbing you silly fuck.
Who ever is holding anything in the red right now must really be shit at crypto
I bought at 2300 and sold yesterday at 3700 bought back with buy order this night at 2800 and sold 4 hours ago at 3003 !
I don’t want to buy back at more than 3k
BTC fork nonsense came to and end yesterday, and now all the good alts will rise again.
This is just the beginning.
Last whales will dump
None of the whales have dumped, simpleton
Because it's steadily dropped 70% the past 3 weeks.
Shut the fuck up, I'm still down $15K on this shit coin.
bought high like a cuck>blames coin
Cobgrats early adopter
Feels good man!
I imagine in my head a bunch of biztards with Lamborghinis sometime in the future having a rally and it being the biggest clusterfuck of assholes that got rich off a .16 token splurging on the most useless shit just because they can!
Sounds pretty fun.
See you in a year (hopefully).
Selling L*NK for ''''''stuff'''''>Literally ever
Okay so I had an idea last night.
Would it be possible to create a huge rise in link if we started another /pol/-tier meme war, but this time against bitcoin?Theoretically we could make link insanely popular by memeing all over mainstream social media and make it insanely popular, driving up consumer confidence.
Is this an actual possibility?
Why link?
Dogecoin is low right now.
And link isnt?
It wouldn't necessarily have to be link.
It could be any altcoin.
Link is just the one I put all my money in (a whopping thirty dollars in tips I made delivering pizzas).
We would just have to come to a clear consensus among the majority of biz and all shill for one coin to have max effectiveness
Which will be easier to market?
Link wouldn't be bad either.
We could stick with the Egyptian God kek meme magic and post a bunch of frog-link memes.
Pizzaboy wants to raise the price of his meagre stash of coinsthrough memetic warfare.Stop browsing 4chan for a while for your mental healths sake.
newfag doesn't recognize that this is thirty dollars that I'm not too concerned about, and that memes literally decided the US electionYou should browse more
Should I buy this now?
memes literally decided the US electionHere we go!
interacting with the general populace in a humorous way doesn't shape their ideological beliefs, and had no part in the US election.
Here we go
psychological warfare doesn't work, has had no impact on ideology in history and can't be done through a bombardment of memes posted through twitterHere we go
IT WAS HER TURN
When you flush a toilet, the water in the bowl rises before rapidly shooting down the drain
We have nothing to lose from mass-shilling to normies.
It's been proven through time that shilling in the form of entertainment works.
Especially in regards to younger people.
And even if our mass-shill doesn't pull through, what do we lose?
The time it takes to post a bunch of kek memes on twitter?
Oh no, what a tragedy
The Binance shit was bad enough.
Can’t you see you’re killing your own coin?
Because it's literally the next Ethereum
Can you explain how?
Keep in mind that I don't know much about altcoins and their past prices.
I just put some money in last night.
But I don't see any reason why this wouldn't work, you're just telling me that it won't.
Regardless, if everyone here invested 5-10 percent of their profile in one coin and shilled for it, nobody would be risking losing a huge amount of money, and we'd be able to perform a social experiment which has potential yield for an enormous return
Shilling a coin with this much potential is lame and unnecessary.
Let it grow naturally and go shill some crap project.
thisLEAVE LINK ALONE
I'm down for that too.
I don't care what coin we support, I just went to chainlink first because it was the one I bought and I personally thought it had high potential.
Any suggestions on which one to shill, then?
if all our shilling gets even 1 biz reader to buy LINK and join us in lambo land, it was all worth it.
here spread this
Nice dress :3
He right though.
Take a break
>all these Big Banks are mentioned in the whitepaperlmfao they literally aren't:https://link.smartcontract.com/whitepaperctl F any of these u fag
its mentioned on the website
not the white paper, two completely different things.
Stop spreading fake shit
no fake shit, its the truth.
It's fucking not confirmed.
I'm holding link but this is just fucking delusional as fuck holy shit.
I haven't even seen any of these banks except SWIFT mentioned by SmartContracts.com.no wonder this token has the worst fucking reputation outside /biz
Sir, are you an idiot or are you desperately trying to spread FUD because you didn't accumulate enough?
Or are you getting increasingly nervous about your bad decision to not buy any Link?
are you blind?open your eyeshttps://link.smartcontract.com/
None, trying to throw some facts in but stay delusional, you guys don't fucking know what you invest in.
shut up blind nigger
Honestly they probably just saw it as free advertising so gave them the okay to use the images.
I wouldn't get too excited
How the fuck are Linkies this fucking dumb?
All alts are up because money is pouring back because BTC fork was cancelled.
Hey guys DGB is up by 30%.
DGB IS SUCH GOOD FUCKING COIN GLAD I BOUGHT IT :DDDI bet most of you Linkies are still massively in the red unless you bought the bottom
Your lack of judgemental abilities is what made you stay poor so far.
Wow look, someone with logic.
4267721IDs are a thing on this board
I know, I would have included it all in one post but I was driving and it was just easier to separate my posts.
Posting and drivingShame on u
half the reason I put over half my portfolio in chainlink was because of the memes desu.I mean, the other half was because of solid fundamentals.
but memes played a big part.
But I'm not poor.
I pulled out of Link the moment I realized it was gonna dip hard and didn't end up being a sad bagholder that missed true moons like Vert or Groestl or Feather.
I knew from the very beginning Link was gonna be DGB 2.0 and that you should pull out as soon as it looked to crash.
I pulled out at 9k SATsWhat is the price right now?
6k?
Fucking lel.
Just keep telling yourself its worth holding these bags
we will make it boys
I'm a linkie I live on the edge
I bought Link at 1800.
My bags are not really killing me and there is still only one direction, if you are able to read the charts.
Also I am not stupid enough to only invest in one thing to miss out on all other things.
COME BACK DOWN YOU PIECE OF SHIT I WANNA BUY
4268505>free advertising in possible scam icoare you guys retarded or what
Holy fuck.
I never said it was a scam.
You linkies are so touchy
fucking finally
I am just saying the risk/payoff for advertising on some randoms guy powerpoint is just not worth it.
They may not be partners but they have some interest in this.
But I'm not poor.keep telling yourself that
"Hey, you wanna advertise my billion dollar company whose image is directly proportional to the amount of money we make in your scammy project without having to fear legal consequences"?Those millennials simply have no understanding of the business world, where reputation is just the most important factor of success in the real world.
I mean come on, you'd have to be really fucking stupid to actually think that.
But they actually think all those names are just appearing arbitrarily and have no significance to the Chainlink project.
The ability to comprehend this is what distinguishes people who make money from those who don't make any money.
When Link is so huge Paypal and Bloomberg are honored that they are used in its power points
Or it's all just a huge scam.
it sure is, poorfag pajeet.
just buy your retarded shitcoins and stay poor.
Just wait a couple days, it will comeback down
What?
When is the last time you saw an ad for SWIFT?
NYSE?
Or even Visa and Mastercard?
They don't need to advertise.
Especially on some brand new ICOs webpage.
memes literally decided the US electionThis is the intelligence of the average link holders.
YES I was asking for someone to make this the other day.
Fundamentals aside, I'm balls deep in link for teh lulz.
He thinks Trump won because of /pol/ memes and not because people hated HillaryGet a grip dude.
Underrated
All aboard!!!
The green market!!
Dubs will confirm!!
top kek
Crypto market cap has been rising, not just BTC money
You forgot about SONY.
https://discord.gg/K6Y3njRclimb
Chainlink has just been supported by HCL Technologies, and their in discussions with purchasing a shit ton of $Link.
Fucking retards who bought LInk expecting an overnight moon-landing post Sibos are dumb niggers.
Companysit's COMPANIES for God's sake
tfw bought at 17c>already made back all the credit card fees and transaction costs + all the food I bought and link barely moved
their in discussions with purchasing a shit ton of $LinkWut, source?