Are we ready to rumble guys?Two and a half hours to go
can't wait to watch POWR nosedive
Yeah stocked uphttp://www.electricchain.org/about/
Big T marine reporting in
Love you Twentya
Gimme dat teeka coin
My mind and body is ready op
It's REQ
pajewt?
LETS GO BOIS
hmm i need to fix this
Literally every time its some stupid coin no one has heard of.
its not powr, solar, dnt or wtc or neo.Its either>"Buy bitcoin cash up to 1500$ :_D regards teeca pajeet :D"or>"Buy this 1 sat coin from ED guaranteed moon :D"
SLR feeling nice
yawhat are you expecting?
Where do you get the updates from PBC?
Do I sell my POWR in about 30min or so and buy back after the news
Lets say powr is the pick.
Whats the quickest way to exit, should i market sell (binance) when shit is going down so fast i dont get left in the dust?
I'm ready accumulating CVC see u in my Tesla guys
 doesn't lie, here you go
you don't buy the coin that he announces?
Powr got great news today and got recently added on bittrex
already sold mine this morning.
i bought ICO so it was like 600% gain for me, not worth gambling those gains.
I really hope its CVC.
I was smart and buying CVC at 3400.
I already have enough profit to buy a Honda Civic.Let's upgrade that to somethign nicer eh?
and 55 delivers
So what's the tactic here, do I lurk /biz/ and just buy the coin that is announced at the moment of the announcement ?
Someone talk me out of fomo buying power right now I've already made like six -20% trades this week fomo buying into pumps like a retard.
why do you care what this egg says?
It won't be POWR, get CVC while u can.
will donate to leaker if they are fast
get CVCWhy?
POWR is token with 200mil mcap teeka dont chose high mcap coins as main pics, it wasnt released when he shilled it, its pnd .
read this http://www.electricchain.org/about/
POWR doesn't fit the profile, CVC does
buy when the fomo is getting too strong and sell low
It leaked a week ago guys
u realize its not even close to teeka style ?
or its a meme ?
its pnd> 10k btc volume> p'n'dok!
PLEASE BE ARN.God how rich will I be if it's arn???
Did someone say Teeka x3 times?
so we have CVC and SLR as potential calls?
is this the best u can ?
teekajew teekajew teekajew
nah guys, it's unfortunately SNGLS.
I've been crazy enough to validate every 1200 speakers, the only guy working in cryptocurrency industry at Lisbon Web Summit 2.0 was Joe Lubin, who works on SingularDTV with his company ConsenSys.
Google it up!
whats this precious?
how long does the pump usually lasts?
The coin u wanthttps://www.chainofthings.com/cs2chainofsolar/
.7 seconds.
... if somebody still dont get it
It's CVC.
Screencap this.No other coin fits the profile.
You must be lost.
Go find the thread you intended to post in.
To big mcap, was mentioned,not related to energy IOT
I thought it was dnt faggots
so is pbc basically pnd group?
Civic could be, but it's potential value per coin will never exceed more than 2$, maybe 2.5$.
Because the coin will be used to pay for KYC verification.However I wouldn't mind CVC being the shilled coin, got some August bags I have to get rid of!
4469617It is DNTPeople wanna fud and be delusional.It fits the bill perfectly.Guess we just wait.
It's leaked guys, buy LINK
I have it.
It is powr.
Sucks but true
These delusional powr and slr bagholders need to neck themselves.
LMAO!
Winner, winner Teeka Masala chicken dinner!
I know it's unintuitive, but SNGLS will be the pick.
Decentralized Netflix, mutliple blockchain awards and is an official board comitee of Beijing Blockchain consortium - CyberLedger Organisation, top tier programming talent, etc.
And it fits into the "long term" pick, don't forget.
anyone else here who doesnt want pbc to leak?
this shits a fuckin goldmine as long as leakers dont ruin it.
keep hating cuckfido hodler
+1
tell me one other coin that has a prayer of a chance to be the pick thenyou can't I'm almost positive it's powr, but slr makes a good case too.
It's CVC and I can't wait to laugh at all you tards
It's a coin between 50th and 100th mc on cmc, over the last few weeks it saw a few quick pumps of someone buying a few dozen btc worth followed by a supression to pre-pump levels.
This coin plans to bring something original to the crypto space in Q2-Q4 2018 and 2019.
I don't want to leak anything, but if there are holders of this coin they will recognise it.
Ahahaha fuck
Brother.
I know you're upset.
But it's DNT
My dad works for PBC and he showed me this.
not a chance in hell
sup Vizard
question.do you buy it once it's announced?
or expect a small dump and then get inthis is my first PBC moon
my dad works for pbc too.
Says he thought for sure your dad was a faggot until he found out he has a son.
guy keeps it a secret so it was quite the surprise to everyone in the office.
Why would it?
I don't think people are counting on pbc pick...
It's a good coin
nobody here can give you legal financial advice sry m8
it will pump like crazy if it's actually the pbc coin and not a scam
kek
My dad is a senior executive and I heard him saying that all workers under him suck his dick for bonuses, so that must include your dad.
did you kiss daddy in the mouth this morning?
buy high now.
buy even higher after.
wait at least a day then sell low.
it is the /biz way afterall
what are some good anime to watch while fomoing for two hours and inevitably buying the tip?
SoWhat fuckin coin is it
>pbc>no mentions about SolarCoinWhat color should i paint my Yacht, pajeets?
Its VEN
>tfw bought some shitcoin today because /biz/ told me toI’m ready to get wrecked.
is there any chances it's factom?
I told them SNGLS, but they won't listen
https://imgur.com/a/f7uwu
fucking retarded why is it a picture when you could just screenshottoo obvious fake, powrfags are desperate
It's DNT.
Look at that accumulation.
Hope it is.
Just got in.
The fag should have just released it that day his subs missed out on stupid gains i made 100% from buying the second that was posted
send 1 ETH and I'll send back PBC0x1f36E15A508234B392A1fFED2eCa8bf1319296FDtrust me
just sent 100k
P.S.
I bought DNT
You gamblers who get lucky better not dump on me
if its not DNT just change to whatever it is.
You won't get the crazy return you expect but probably still enough for 2x (at least that's what I'm doing lol).
confido
my bet's on factom or powr
Boomer idol Buffett says: buy when others are fearful!Muh boomer stock guru!
Sheeet, it could actually be SNGLS.
Everything checks out.
When is the announcement?
Well post it quick to get more volume thusfore bigger pump
It's DNT..
I know this for a fact, I'm subscribed to PBC and the leak was real
Is it released?
pajeet pls
Look at the increased volume and accumulation, you are just being dumb if you think I'm just bluffing
Its not DNT.
Not with that 24h volume.
Insiders at PBC will have already put in their money and its clear that cash is in POWR.
182m volume in the last 24h....
so we're going in or what?
SLR dippin
 POWR is just FOMO, the smart money is on DNT, they been accumulating for a whileDYOR, but you will se the pump
It's actually XLM.
It's Zencash again.
Screencap this.
LINK!
check out that buy wall18 btc
Everything points towards slr
+1
tell me or I will steal your pepecash
finally its out, HAAHAHAH told you it was SLR!
Should have listened to me when it was half this price!
i'm just here to see POWR take a nosedive
CND ;)
I hope it does, so I can buy the dip.
T-1h what a time to be alive
the pick is pic relatedthank me later
BTC on standby will give percentage of gains to first leaker
>mfw no fucks given about teeka's pnd and accumulating LINK comfy af
Ofc its DNT are you retards new...1.You see BIG green dildos going parabolic up-That's inside traders you dumb fucks2.
You see reed blocks taking fast profit -That's long time bagholders dumping heavy bags happy to rid of them finally.3.
You see volume flowing in and shit starting to go up again4, You see pink wojacks -that's bag holders from 2. when they finally understand they dumped it before moon mission after so much waiting.Now open DNT chart.Yap.Enjoy.
you just want us to buy your bags.
i'm not falling for your shit, bro.
same for SLR and POWR guess again
Not DNT... Just buy while you can
tfw the PBC pick is... more than one coin!
guys what was the last coin, and when was it posted exactly?
i wanna look up how it has affected its price, thank you.
zencash, 1 month ago
Solarcoin FTW
Zen cash a month ago iircRipple was recommended but it was a part of some video conference or some shit, not the "report" we're waiting for tonight
This coin is safe from something that may endanger other projects within the next few-10 years.
Gave you enough tips.
cvc
ASIC resistant...?
I'm going to have to say it's not classified as a security is probably what anon meant.
Kek at all the DNT bagholders in this thread.
GRS?
VTC?
ThisI'm assuming you probably are balls deep in CVC lol
znt
Nav
You would be surprised..
Got a bit of info....Streamr.
Take it or leave it.
Could that be Mercury ?
So here's my plan, I took a small position in all the possible choices this thread is shilling.
If one of them is indeed the pick, it's profits would out weigh the small loss I take on the others.
Here's to hoping the pbc pick is either, powr, slr, sngls, dnt, or cvc
This is private paid group idiots, and it was already announced.
I think it's obvious that their pick was POWR.
im so confident its dnt I made a loan to buy a lambo to pay for it tomorrow.
POWR climbing again, last chance

I took a small position in all the possible choices this thread is shillinNot a good idea.
One pick could be right and pull up...but you hedged too much...What if others tank?
This is Teeka Time anon, just wait it in BTC and PLUNGE IN on signal!
DO IT!
Nobody guessed it, better for me.
Why would I pay so much money just to tell it to /biz/ for freestay poor
LINK
I don't think you understand just how small my positions are.
QRL?
monitoring this bread
it's on bittrex retard
how many minutes left?
What's the time line PBC usually releases this info?
Up until this point i've completely ignored this shit because it seems like it burns more people than helps but I'm willing to blow some money today
 seconds
Obvious larper
Pointless effort then.
Good luck scrambling all those coins out to plunge them into the "right pick".
who said that?
uhm..where will it be announced?
...the absolute state of /biz/.
ikr
My Dad is homeless, was sleeping outside Starbucks and he overheard PBC CEO say it was HOT.
On CNN
FOX News, dummy
4471285
right here
Swarm City Token (SWT)BTC: 1GtqkZ9rbyFWSyHuv9G739WZCqamXgZ8hr

that's some fine p&d you observe there sir