I'm a forex trader with some very good skills and an edge to make a lot of money off the currency market.I'm looking for anon from /biz/ to invest on my trading since I don't have the funds to trade.Below is the link to the demo account I've been trading which is linked to myfxbook.https://www.myfxbook.com/members/raphaelfxtrader/investor/2329208I'm looking for anywhere from 1k to 5k U.S dollars on a 500x leverage account.
5k would be ideal.
I wouldn't take more though since it wouldn't be necessary.I can trade directly straight from your mt4 account.
You wouldn't need to send me any money beforehand.
We share the profits, 30% mine, 70% yours.
"Long term" goal is to make 1 million dollars within 1 year period.
It's doable by compounding a big part of the profits.My trading style is somewhere between moderate to aggressive.To any anon interested in talking, email me.traderonbiz@gmail.comThis is also a motivational thread.
Opportunities to make money online and abundance are everywhere.
I'm looking for anon from /biz/ to invest on my trading since I don't have the funds to trade.Nice poopmeme
Just sent $100k good luck anon
So you got mad skills in trading but don't have 5k to fund your own operation....
nice just bought 100k
I'm a forex trader with some very good skills>I don't have the funds to tradeReally gets the synapses firing
HAHAHA WHAT A FUCKING KEKIF YOU'RE SO GOOD JUST TRADE UP FROM 10 DOLLARS YOU PATHETIC CLOWN
Step 1: Forget everything you know.Step 2: Forget some more.Step 3: ...Step 4: Pink Wojack.Really though, this whole market is a clusterfuck of P&Ds and bot-controlled markets.
You can pretty much watch the patterns in the charts and find the coins with regular ups and downs.
Then set your buy/sell and forget it for 12 hours then come back and flip it.
Aside from that, it is about buying the rumor and selling the news.
unless it's really really really good news but even then probably sell.
Like legit, even if bill gates says they are going to fund a project 100% sell.
Also, buy LINK.
It is awesome.>His name is Sergey, he is the prophet of KEK.
Praise him.
>Track Record Not Verified days x ok sure anon
I'm broke.Although it's possible to grow from $10, the stress and effort isn't worth it.
Someone with the skills I have deserve to start with at least 1k.And no, I don't have even 1k.
If anyone wanna know my personal issues and are interested in investing, I'm more than willing to disclose and share my story.Just know there's a good reason I'm broke.I know it's very contradictory that I trade currencies, and I don't have money.
I don't blame you guys for being skeptic.
Please disclose and share your story anon I would like to hear more.
I'm gonna try to fix the track record not verified right now, give me few minutes.
It's like that since today, I don't know why.
Last week was verified.
I'm gonna make a very long story, super hyper short.I gave up EVERY FUCKING thing in my life, just so I could trade forex.
My regular job that I used to have (construction) and everything.I overestimated my smartness though, I thought I was gonna get this right and be profitable within a short period of time.It turned out that I was wrong.
Trading is painfully difficult and it takes a lot of time trading to even start to get it.So that's how I went broke.Just to make one thing clear.
I'm a single guy in my early 30's.
So no wife, girlfriend or children.So my appetite for risk is only impacting direclty myself mostly.
I'm not causing harm to anyone before anyone start wondering.The only one deprived is me, it's for a good cause though.
Now i have some skill and I can make you and myself rich.
Potentially.
So Uh.
I'm up 180% this year trading stock... should I make a thread like this?
How long did it take you to get good and confident?
It took me about 4.
Do you trade on news, specific technicals on specific pairs?
It's hard to have an /edge/ in fx.
You are like that guy who stood up during a Q&A and asked Elon Musk for a job aren't you?https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=si03x9apLFU
I got addicted to trading over the past 6 months I've lost an apparent $17,774.00, I've learned a ton about trading, made my trades smaller and what not, I've turned $700 into $3200 twice, I'm on to do it again.Everytime I've got fucked by cryptos.
Every.
Single.
Time.
I was making a few K with BTC but I got greedy a few times.
(I've been trading at work but I can't keep an eye on this shit so I got fucked on by losing out/forgetting to set stop losses)That and my real job so I can fund this addiction, it's not money I care about but things are thinning out for me.I quit my job at the end of the year, not to trade but for self starting business.I'll still trade no doubt but I'm gonna cut my loss with crypto, and just continue with my platinum, because I can at least turn a profit.Anyway, nothing life changing, it's certainly awesome to earn $1,000 in a day from leverage, leaves your concept of money absolutely FUCKED though.I have about $5000+ USD in crypto at the moment, none of that's getting touched, I'm not trading with that shit I just long term HODL it, so it should work out in the end.
That's pretty good.
If you don't need fund, then no.
Just keep trading.I'm somewhere between my 2nd - 3rd year.
Full time.When I started I thought "well, in a few months max I'll be making a lot of money".
Boy, was I wrong.I trade 100% manually.
And 100% technical analysis.I'm obssessed with charts.And if you look at the link I posted, you'll notice that I only trade one pair.
GBPJPY.
Always.
I don't trade anything else.Focus is key.
I lost everything trading currencies>give me your money to trade currencies
Focus is key, sure you can diverse your portfolio but it's easier to go with just 1 or 2 stocks then keep an eye on it, read crap about it.
I can relate to everything you said.In fact, I started trading bitcoin, that was before I even knew the forex market existed.
I quit trading btc shortly after though, after the first all time high ($1200), which was when I bought it and started trading, it got very slow in any exchange.
I remember being super bored and no exchange offered any leverage at all at the time.
I didn't have any serious money to invest in it.
And none to trade it either without leverage.
Anyway, I never found an edge in bitcoin / alt coin, so then I quit.
And then I found about FX right after and just fell in love with it.I haven't stopped trading since.
Well platinum is my thing, it swings down to 900 then up to 1000.I was thinking of doing a bank loan to leverage it over night then pay it back the next day but that makes me sound like an addict.I feel like an addict, mood swings .etc.But yeah, I'm almost out of money trying to learn this shit so I'm being cautious with my trades and practicing on my practice account.
That "everything" isn't that much though.My life was completely pointless and miserable before anyway.
I didn't have much to lose to begin with.
Didn't have car, house or anything.So,.
all I lost was a little bit of money, really.In exchange of gaining some precious knowledge/skills that I'll get benefit from in the near future.It's a sacrifice I made that it'll pay off.
I got 23 people in a discord group chat, you seam like you want to help.https://discord.gg/wdxGh8aI'm trying to help others and get people GAINS, come chat I might be able to help you.
effort isn't worth it.
Someone with the skills I have deserve to start with at least 1k.Lol.I hope you fags fall for this shit.
I hate you all
Before I used to be "against" demo trading, but now that I don't have money, I see how important and useful it is.
It's very necessary to keep trading, always, never stop if you wanna become good at it.
That's why demo is useful.If you're short on money, trade demo, it's better.Regarding being an addiction.
I admit it is an addiction.
However, it all comes down to what you do with your addiction.It can destroy you, or if you're smart, you can use it to get benefits from it.It's like people who run.
They don't run because they like it.
No one likes to get tired and feel physical pain.
Those people run because they all have anxiety.
So you can use something bad to make something good out of it, and get in shape, become fit and healthy.I have OCD, like real OCD, I wash hands and stuff, don't touch door knobs, handles without a tissue paper, etc.My obssession with charts comes from that.
It's a deep need to get or make things right.
In this case, "is the price gonna go up, or down?".
And if I don't get it right, the questions that comes up, "Why was I wrong?".
So this extreme constant need for perfection might not be healthy.
but at least I'm gonna use it to do something good, which is to make some decent money.There's a fine line between trading and gambling.
Who's gonna decide what's gonna be is the person.
If you're losing money, broke and are unprofitable, then you're an addict that needs help.But just wait, until you make a lot of money, become rich self sufficient, then to others, you're suddenly a "genius", smart, that have good intuition and a brave risk taker.
This is true, I also have OCD, but I do have self control, It comes back when I walk and what not, just as typing keys I HATE the fact my fingers are not dead in the middle.When I walk those cracks are a BITCH, if my right food touches a crack, my left foot has to touch one too.I usually 'forget about it' though, which I'm usually occupied and fixated on something like stocks.I don't see this as "my money" I see it as just a number, a number I need to get right if it goes up or down, I must multiply that number to get to a target, and I don't want to go back to 0.
I saved the link.
I'll try to join after.I'm on a tablet right now, very slow to do anything, and on public wifi.
Soon I'll have to leave the place I'm at.
4458009Also, "Juciybear" is me.That's ok, I look forward to the gains.
get a payday loan, you bum
I'm a forex trader>the demo account I've been trading>I don't have the funds to tradeA forex trader who doesn't actually trade forex?
I'm gonna leave in about half hour.
Then I'll try to get back to the thread later to see if there're any other questions.To anyone who wants to keep in touch with me, please save my email and also my myfxbook link so you can keep track of my performance.
This thread eventually is gonna die.
I'll keep trading this demo until I get fund, after I get it then I'll stop it.There's one anon -- that didn't come from this thread, I know him from before -- that might invest in me about 500 dollars by the end of this week.
I'd like to have a little bit more, the 1k to 5k that I mentioned, so if anyone is considering please send me an email, that I'd take yours and that other anon's money and would trade both accounts, but no more than 2.All you need is an mt4 account of yours so I can trade, and you'd give me the login and password.My performance fee (30% of the profits) can be sent through bitcoin.
445724910/10 troll
Contact me I have spare $ 20K to invest
For anyone wondering if it was legit be could set up a master account so that way he doesn't have access to your account but can control trades for you.
WHY DO BRAZILIANS AND PAJEETS EVEN COME HERE AND BEG?
Did you think someone was going to give money to you?