>be wannabe crypto fag>not too much to spend (few k tops)>but no big deal if it's all gone, nobody gives a shit>too lazy for frequent trading>hold and forget, come back a bunch of years, see what happendWhat do?
Bitcoin doesn't seem too attractive.
Even ETH might be too conservative (as in I'm way too late to catch the train)?
Some XMR, Iota, and other meme-coin mix maybe?Also I assume a good choice would be to go with simple paper wallets and cold stash it all.
Right?
I would buy MTL, DGB, ADT, XVG and XRP... but for right now, I will only hold BTC.
XD
lmao
hey, no tricks.is not funny
Throw it into Cardano (Ada) and monero, and hope for the best.Yeah, use paper wallets.
I would also backup the encrypted wallets on a few hdds.
If I had to bet on one crypto to be all in on, it's XMR.
It's gonna catch on real fast
4522808XMR will be part of the mix, right.
Maybe even half of my shekkels.
Just have to figure out the best way to get some.
Seems to be way easier with normy coins.
ETH for sure, although there will probably be a small correction soon, and maybe XMR are your safest best
Cardano (Ada)Will check it out.
Thanks.ETH for sureBut it's already so valuable/expensive.
Since I'm not investing lots of shekkels, wouldn't it be better to diversificate mostly in penny coins like Iota and hope for the best?
This is a purely speculative venture here, and most definitely not too big to fail.
Here's a recent article on formal verification and functional programming on blockchains.https://bitcoinmagazine.com/articles/goodbye-bugs-how-formal-verification-could-fortify-smart-contracts/?utm_content=bufferd08bc&utm_medium=social&utm_source=twitter.com&utm_campaign=buffer
learn about market cap
NEVER hold Altcoins.
They all fail.
You can't and won't guess right.Buy BTC and ETH.
There's plenty of room to grow.
Cool, thanks.
So I take it there's currently not much formal verification going on with established coins, and if only as an afterthought?
Did some toy formal verification back at university with Spin; and I always blew my models up way to big, s.t.
the verification part didn't go too well... Any upcoming coins that boast themselves with being formally verified?
Well, even if, you're model might be formally bullet proof, your implementation probably still will end up with a tons of bugs.
;)I know what the market cap is.
What's important, or rather distinct, with respect to coins?They all failobviously not>You can't and won't guess right.which is why you diversify that shit>Buy BTC and ETH.
There's plenty of room to grow.sounds boring.
Who is with this guy?
XMR.
Is this really the only coin that promises better anonymity/privacy?
What other coins try to accomplish the same?
Get some in a relatively stable coin, like ethereum or bitcoin.
Get the rest in a higher risk but completely different coin, like Iota.
I also like Cardano.
Iota was created by the man who invented proof of stake.
Cardano is from one of the original developers of ethereum.
You can trade the swings on the stable coins if you're feeling risky, but I wouldn't sell Iota.
They've got a massive amout of news coming throughout December; it might be easy to get priced out.
They all fail>ALTs haven't even been around long enough to know.There are some gems out there that will be around for the long run.
4523742Obviously 'all' is a dramatic hyperbole.
I would say 99% are doomed to fail.
mfw I know few unexploited gems, that soon will rise>mfw don't have any penny to put in them>mfw
40% IOTA (MIOTA)30% MONERO (XRM)20% NEM (XEM)10% BITCOIN (BTC)
Somebody give me a loanplease
nice rare, i can tell by the pixels its recent and but well crafted, not by a master but maybe his student?
indeed very nice findcare to share the rest of your collection my good man?
https://saltlending.com
You obviously don’t understand market cap if you think iota is a “penny coin”
care to share the rest of your collection my good man?only for foolproof insider tips, I'm afraid.
Besides, the best are put away in a cold storage anyways, so you're out of luck.
NEM (XEM)>but it scales!!
!so it's the mongo db of meme coins, or what?
Is there more to this?
it is a pleasant production indeed.
hopefully the rest of the artist's work is not lost to the ages.