
they are ((asleep))
Oh we're here.3 weeks.
if i took those shotas and lolis and threw them into a big blender, and drank it, would i die of sarin poisoning?
ask Vitalik on twitter he will know
This.
Mobile app launch -> moon.
AYO HOL UP WE THEM ODN BOYZAlso, realistic, post-app release EOY price predictions pls.
I'd say $1
Moon to .35 then back to .23
i don't get why people sold this for under $1.
NOT SELLING
tfw get staking reward two days in a row
Well, I don't know if I am mentally disabled, but I have 1 BTC worth of ODN atm.
Guess I will hold until the rebranding.
same 1.5btc worth here
This coins devs are horrible.
OH THOSE ODN BOYS
lol nigger it will be 5$
Reporting.
70k reporting ineoy predictions?
thats a big bag anoncant wait for you to dump it all on me when it moons to 5$ the next few months
I see +12% on ODN, more than doubled volume.
Is it finally happening?
Bag is only bag when you buy high, anon.
If ODN takes off, I'm holding for the long-term.
I wouldn't sell at $5.
Perhaps I'll sell one masternode to cover my buy in.When would you sell?
this guy.
this guy is the man.
love you bro
that is true, but who says he didn't?he didn't say which price he bought at
Thanks op just bought 20k
Thank you, good sir.I have hardcore OCD and only like to keep amounts ending in 0 for my money and crypto.
As a result, I always tend to keep a little extra crypto in exchanges outside of my personal wallets.
Post your address and I'll send you the 2 ODN I sent back to the exchange this morning.
How much do you get staking?
I'd be happy lol.
I break even at 0.28.
Nuff said
There's been a few days where I don't get anything.
This tends to happen at least once a week.
Most days I'll get 20.
Then, perhaps every 4 days or so, I'll get 80 to 120.
Lol enjoy your retarded main dev who already said literally: "4chan is a bunch of retarded asshole losers".
Yet you're here sucking his dick.
He's not wrong
The dumping pressure on this is immense kek.
main dev knows his stuff it seems
HOLY FUCK THAT MOCK UP LOOKS SO FUCKING SICK
Have you seen 4chan?
kek
ocd , same here, but keeping 482.24 in my ODN wallet for obvious reasons,  it's all i have , AND the 4s !
4383809This actually just makes me wanna buy more.
too bad its a fan mock
I love our autistic machine of a coder- Obsidian's value is going to be in its functionality and dark web wet dream of a use case.
Dev updates pouring in unlike your shitcoins that are all marketing and no substance.
Strap in ODN bros December is gonna be litSteal of a buy-in price rn
Pravik here, stay strong my ODIN bros
Yo waddup slack, so why would I want this shitcoin when I can just use signal you dumbfucks
If you post your address before the other guy, I'll send you the 2 ODN.
Would you help a brother out?
I only need 57 ODN to reach 100.
I live in the third world and couldn't afford more, I also got in at $0.7 but still holding.
Just took them out of cryptopia yesterday.
Thank you.XF4V4LgRX3Dy7DNkHatmnxJ2bqg3um5TTL
They've been hitting with 5-10 git pushes a day for the past few days.
You don't see that kind of work with other teams.
I'm currently down but i'm excited for December and going forward.
So where can I buy worldcoin
Meh.
First to post.
Please give me a moment.
implying this coin needs shillingbuy or not, nobody gives a shit
XHkdxhmRbWRxRArU3i5kE4PrYBWJLtar1Gthanks, kind anon
Nice to see you moved the slack channel over here Jordan Schneider.
I suggest everyone to check up on worldcoin.
eeeeeeeYYYYAAAAAAAHHHHHH
So why make a thread shilling dumbass, you're main dev hates this forum.
Go back to your echo chamber pajeet
WOW.
Im mad.
I almost bought odn now that I know the dapp wont look that sexy im fucking not buying any.
You know autistic crypto devs wont make shit that looks good.
What does the fox say?BUYBUYBUY ObsidianThis is gonna be 4chan's next big winner
the thread is for us ODN bros. ODNary humans without ODN NOT welcome.
Sorry black guy dev dude, 4chan don't work like that faggot
dunno why, I havent made this thread>you're>yourdev hating this shithole makes me wanna go all in desu
10k reporting in, i keep staking until $5.
This is 4chan, I'll post where I like faggot.
Your coin is shit and your dev is a dumbassWow, semantics.
You guys really have become serious bag holders.
Thank you!!!
Hope this moons even beyond what we believe and makes you a millionaire.
trying to stack more .... holding looooonnnnngggg on this one
Going all in on a coin where the people involved have run scams in the past, the main dev bans people for opposing views, and it's Sub-ICO.
Enjoy those bags buddy
You deluded odn slackies don't even grasp we can see your post IDs?This shit ever moons we dump.
This moons more devs dump.
Check the team and worldcoin.
They've been at this a few times already.
Stay deluded
sent you my daily staking reward anoneven small fishes deserves tickets to the moon
4383924I gave you each 1 since I broke up the amount between the two of you.
Just download signal you dumbass it already works.
Why buy this shit token when the devs are gonna dump the second the price goes up
ITT:Deluded watered down Whatsapp holders who are heavily invested in a shitcoin, where the main marketing manager has been flagged for pumping and dumping on 2 other projects.
Funny how this piece of shit was rank ~120 early october and is now headed to rank 300+Im going to laugh when you are all stuck on Cryptopia battling it out trying to dump your bags
Whoa thank you!!!
This desu
dude, you are so righteous !
i cannot express my gratitude, you are a man of you word.
4 confirmations already.
thanks again ,odnbro
your word
doesnt hold a coinpostssorry you bought high and sold low, anon
be good anon
Why would I buy this shit token, I have signal you dumbass.
too cool, man, this will come back to you 10xtruly 1 among the massesi didn't see , what are your bags to have such high staking rewards?ive been staking mine for 30 days and have 63 days left for 10% rewards !
!hope to load my bags soon, after FCT and pbconfidential on the 20th
not buying a real world usage token>muh encrypted messengerLiterally signal Pajeet Edition, prepare to get dumped on by devs you dumbasses
43839214383961Salty bagholder detected.
Even at ICO you're down a few grand already.
Enjoy your exit scam.
odn bros ride tonight !
coins is called obsidian >larping as Odin worshippers>posts a Knights Templar stock photoThe absolute state of ODN bag holders
actually very comfortable, avg buyin 4k satsthanks for caring
11 posts
Bought at 7k sats>Sold at 15k sats>Bought in again at 3.5k sats and have orders pending at 2.5k and 3kI'm comfy lads
4384265>actually very comfortable, avg buyin 4k sats>thanks for caring>caring>avg.
buy in 4kWhy haven't you killed yourself yet, anon?What are you holding onto?
6 postsAnd I'll beat you at everyone of them, I'm just autistic like that.
Your generosity puts me to shame.
odn a day from staking, loving this shit.
RIP to all the ones who sold and ain’t coming back.
Next year ya gunna regret it lol
Join this group for quality ODN discussion:https://discord.gg/MmXHNwG
Don't get theODN hate...if you dont like the coin, just fuck off...
Topkek we warned you way ahead.https://www.linkedin.com/in/jordan-schneider-76355362Worldcoin.
Exit scam.
"Paying their expenses with odn needing to liquidate"
Quality ODN discussion>links PnD group TOPKEK
ODN rocks, only serious attempt to build a high-security messenger, I need this in my daily life!
Begin accumulating.
14 posts>What are you holding onto?my ODN, obviouslyyou need 14 posts to find out?
Tfw I got rewards twice in one day, 2 days in a row
Cause they think it is only a messenger app.
Odn is a platform not just a messenger app.
This guy gets it.
What ETH is to BTC, ODN is to XMR.
Sitting on 20k and NOT SELLING
kill yourself