if tether becomes insolvent wouldn't it make cryptos more bullish?
people will trade any amount of tether for bitcoin.
At first it will just drive up the price of bitcoin at other exchanges as well since bots track each other and consider USDT equivalent to USD.the market cap of all cryptos is 241 billion.
The market cap for USDT is 0.65 billion.
So tether makes up less than half a percent.
muh tether is the only reason crypto ever goes upFuck off NSA
Fuck off NSA, we are sick of your tether spam
wow.
ur edgy.
>tethernow NSA ???
i'm actually pro tether if you fucking read.
I've posted this so often, BTC/USDT prices would skyrocket since nobody would want to trade BTC for worthless USDT.
USD/USDT prices would also skyrocket since tether becomes worthless.BTC/USD prices are a different story, probably all cryptos would lose a lot of value, since the trust is gone and people start to realize that the bullruns were backed with false money,
tether doesn't have a market cap (its price does not fluctuate).
it has supply.Volatility has nothing to do with market cap.
Volatility is entirely based on liquidity.
Market cap has no indication about liquidity.With present (and historical) bitcoin liquidity $670,000,000 is PLENTY to significantly affect the market price.Every time you use market cap to indicate something it has no bearing on, you look like a complete tard to anyone who actually understands the concept, as well as to those people who do acknowledge that they don't understand the concept.
the market cap of all cryptos is 241 billion.
The market cap for USDT is 0.65 billion.
So tether makes up less than half a percent.look at this retardhe thinks market cap is same as liquidityyou margin long on real exchange with real cashyou buy sell walls and trigger stop losses on your own exchange where you can see order book with your own funny moneyyou cash out at real exchange at inflated pricemarket cap grows - liquidity shrinks
It'll drive up the price at first.
Once the tether dries up, a simple nudge will cause price to plunge because this time there wont be Bitfinex to create $30m and wash trade to convince people that another rally is happening.Think of Tether as the Koreans pumping BCH.
Bagholders buy BCH because as the Koreans pump, they follow.
The same thing happens as Bitfinex pumps everyone follow.
So this time when it crashes it crashes because no papa Tether by Bitfinex to pump it back up.Market cap doesn't matter because even if you only have $20m, you have enough shekels to manipulate the market through wash trading since you have enough money to buy up pretty much any wall except the greatest trump wall
It's zit faced high schoolers froma failure ridden pump and dump group here to spam "NSA" on any thread that talks about tether because they're currently invested in BTC and think that somehow people talking about tether on 4 chan has some ability to move the price.
is there evidence of this happening on any other exchange?
coinbase can't even deposit wire money fast enough.being afraid of tether because of bitfinexed meme made me miss the run up from $4000 to $8000.bitcoin is reaching $9000 because of over $9000.
there is no evidence of anything on absolutely unregulated marketall assumptions are based on a fact that if nobody can stop you from doing shady shit, why wouldn't you do it?
...sell on GDAX, for REAL USD that you dont have to withdraw and can use to rebuy as soon as .1 seconds later.although to be fair, coinbase is GDAX version of willy or tether.
but I think its a fair way to do it.
survival of the fittest.
Thank you for explaining