I fucking lost my passphrase to over 3k ARK.
It was stored on my phone and some nigger pickpocketed me in the subway.
I am not going to ask for donations, because few dollars wouldn't make a difference anyway.
I am maxing out my credit card and going all in on a single coin.
If it doesn't moon until the end of the year I'm killing myself.
Which coin?
>SALTI'm genuinely sorry for you anon, my ARK is going to make me incredibly rich one day, thank you for decreasing the supply.
Damn that is brutal.
Are you sure you didn't store it anywhere else?
I know it will, you are welcome.Nope, I'm legit retarded.
BCH.
You'll make it all back and more, I promise OP.
You didn't even copy paste it into a .txt file on your computer or something?
Or scribble it down anywhere or print it out?
keeping access to what is it, $9k on your phone?expensive lesson bud, respect your coins next time.If it makes you feel better, that nigger wont do shit with that pass
Nah.
It's gone.
Should have saved it on a fucking google docs or something.If it makes you feel better, that nigger wont do shit with that passIt does.
Wait a few days for ICON then go all in.
I'm sorry anon.
Consider it an expensive lesson; you absolutely should have had multiple secure backups for an address with that much money.Make a new wallet and post the address here, I'll throw you a few Ark tomorrow morning because I feel bad for you.
rdn or powr, don't kill yourself anon.
Make it back with Nuls
Ltc t bh to be honest bro
I am careless about shit like this, always make that one stupid mistake.
Lesson learned.>AL74XnKmtraEECYEDwq9aMrv2qE3XrsKTMThank you.
Etp has strong support at $3, once it gets listed on exchanges it will moon.
Also, check craigslist and nearby pawn shops to see if your phone is in there, it's possible.
I would be trying to track it down if I were you.Did you have any Find my iPhone type of software on it?
I lost 8 years of chan data, hundreds of thousands of images and threads dating '06 to '14 when I lost my encryption passphrase a few years ago.
Your Ark is worthless compared to this loss.I still have the EFC saved, for the day when modern encryption standards are broken by quantum.
What a time capsule that will be...
I'll keep an eye on it.
Didn't have any software, the phone will probably get disassembled and sold for parts anyway.
holy shit thats gold.
You could even make an ICO out of it these days
Go to the police station, they have a lost and found.
The subway probably does too.
There's a chance that you just left it on a seat or it fell out or something,
I tried both, unfortunately.
Offer a reward for the phone, more valuable than the phone.
I'm sure you'll have it back by the end of the week.
It was stored on my phoneYep, that's where you fucked up, write that shit down and keep it in a safe location.
just be yourself anon ;^)
Write it on paper next time and file it safely.Is this an authenticator code?
Is your ark on an exchange?
If you answered yes you may be entitled to financial compensation.Seriously just contact the exchange, send them your first born and they’ll unlock the account.