Anyone else that can't wait to "make it" to be able to cash out and forget crypto entirely?
Honestly ive been significantly more stressed since i got into this shit, especially in the fork drama month.
I am addicted to the hope of making it and its honestly damaging my mental health.
Any other anons that feel the same way?
Or are you all risk junkies that really enjoy this shieeet
You grow desensitized to it as time goes on.
You become smarter, stronger and eventually a whale.
I'm getting less sleep.
If I start feeling stressed i'll either go to the gym or play vidya for a few hours
if crypto is your only chance - dont cry and do whatever is in your power to make it.
Are whales even human anon?
Or are they automated bots that never spend any of their earnings only existing to make more money out of us for eternity.
i enjoy this shit, fuck it, if i go down buy the fucking dip and just keep throwing money at it, fuck it.
if your young you got time to get it together haha
this.
emotion clouds your judgment
The thing is, i have no choice but to do crypto in order to make it.
I live in a shitty country where the pay is so low and the income tax is so high.
This is my only path forward.
The waiting game is the hardest part IMO.
Well at least for me since I'm holding a lot of SALT and LINK.
I thought I was becoming desensitised until I lost over 80k in October.
Now I have made some good gains since, but large losses really fucks with your confidence at times
Same dude, I thought my psyche was rock solid until the fork bullshit.
My butthole is constantly being JUSTed this month.
I think we will still be fine, and I'm way up from where I started.
But yeah, I had a brush of depression for about two weeks when they gravity of the loss hit me.
I got out after making a small profit from OMG moon.
The feeling that you're gonna get left behind is worse than the stress of being involved.
I'bought back in but only with an amount I'm comfortable to lose.
Find a happy medium Senpai.
I'm a bit nervous because I had $20k in loans/CC to pay off.
I made $27k on a good trade.
Cashed out $7k and paid that debt.
That remaining $20k in crypto is now worth $9k because of the fork.So, yes I should have paid off the debt, but luckily it's low; I feel stupid not just cashing out $20k and leaving $7k on there.
Just want to never have debt again, ever.
feel you.
but still.
keep trying, keep education yourself, just keep doing whatever you can escape your situation.
i know its easier said then done.. but if you really believe this is your escape you shouldnt let negative thinking block your way.
you have to like the challenge and you should take it and make the best out of it.
stay positive ;-)gl on your way
I do...
But when is "making it"?I need $0.6M in ARK to live off staking.
I need $1M to officially call myself a millionaire.
I need $2.5M to live off dividends assuming I cash out.
I need $6M to live a decently lavish life.
And so on.
My starting point of making it is also $1M lol.
Plsss SALT and LINK make me rich.
Even just $10 LINK would retire me forever.
That sucks dude, but at least the debt isnt that large compared to most folks.
I want my ARK to go to $30 or so, then I'll sell back into Bitcoin and let that continue to moon.
A lot of normies think it'll eventually hit $50k.
When to stop tho... 6M is nice but 10M is nicer.
There's a difference between being well off and being rich.
And there's a difference between being rich and having "fuck you" money.
Which is what I want.
The ability to buy whatever, give whatever, start whatever.
safety comes.
I made over a mil and honestly just so you know life isn't better.
if you do all the shit you associate with 'being rich' you'll spend all your money and go broke.
modest lfiestyle with a big house = stay richi mostly just play video games in a bigger house now.
life aint that different except that I guess I can travel more but most countries are boring.hookers are fun at least
You can start a business on a whim I'd you wanted to and not give a single fuck if it fails.
Not that you would want to, but you can.
And having that type of money must be great.
I really want to make it bros.
They were right when they said NYC is a shit hole cus it is.
Niggers and spics everywhere, dirty as fuck and just overall a shitty stale and boring place to live in.
Really hope I make it big with crypto so I can either gtfo or at least move to a comfy place in upper manhattan or something.
Wish me luck bros, we're all gonna make it.
don't mean to be rude but that's typical poor person ideologyI could start a business with 10k let alone a mil but it's about gains and effort per dollar for me.I will prolly be an angel investor long-termfor now I am just investing in property and enjoying the 'neuvo riche' feel
>I am addicted to the hope of making it and its honestly damaging my mental healthYou should probably cash out right now then anon.
how often do you fuck hookers?
ive been spending a lot of my money on them until i had to buy the dip this month using my extra fiat.
i think thats what contributed to my depression this month, i literally have no social interaction aside from you bizbros (if this counts as social interaction) this month since im a NEET.ive been blankly staring at my computer or the walls in my room for several hours a while ago.
my other money is locked up in traditional investments like ETFs so i cant use it for hooker money to get social interaction.
i genuinly enjoy this shit
i cant, this is my only hope.
and to be honest if the coins im holding skyrockets while i pulled out, it would be a lot worse for my mental health.
wanna come see canada?
it's a beautiful country with lots of investment opportunities, especially in legal weedyou could come fly out and visitto answer your question not that often because I get laid a lot on tinder but I get off on buying girls sooooo... mostly only when I go on trips.
dominican republic is great for sex tourism but I want to do europe in 2018. maybe iceland.
I hear it's baller
I was wondering, how old are you?
I'm already about to be 24 years old and I'm feeling pretty down already like I already failed in life.
Sometimes i google men that only "made it" in their 30s and 40s to cheer me up, but it stops working when my depression really hits the fan.
if it makes you feel any better I bought weed with $50M worth of BTC in the early '10s so don't worry about 'making it'make your own nicheif you're smart you can make your money in any industry not just FOREX
congrats on making it anon, i hope i make it this 2019 too with LINK.
Same here, 1 mill would be fucking inbelievable but I just have the feeling that I am going to make it, so now you start dreaming of more and more cause in the end 1 mill is not that much, a House where i live costs like 300k so you deff need more to live from or passive income
don't mean to be a dick but it won't happenany coin that's not BTC won't make you more than AT MOST 1000% gains which is a lot but not enough to make you a millionaire unless you invest a lot to begin with and take huge risk
I just need it to be at NEO's current marketcap and I would make it already.
bless your optimistic soul.
friend asks me about my gray hairsI don't want to stop until I hit a million.
But it's taking its toll.
I wanna go to Canada bro, go snowboarding in whistler, go whalewatching, hiking, smoking weed!Hopefully 2019 when i make it, don't have the money yet now
that's firehit up toronto/ottawa/montreal area too tho for all the urban culture.
west canada is great don't get me wrong but the east has a lot to offer too.
if you want whalewatching check the east coast.
or even far north
I'm not really in the game to make it.
I only have a few thousand invested, hoping to make some money out of it as I play around with crypto.
I'm still learning.
I am all in on BTC right now, I don't want to deal with alts ever again, everything I ever make I just lose again.
I would have made more hodling bitcoin.
Already traveling the world on crypto earnings, still not satisfied with earnings to completely quit yet
I like to think we are all the heroes of our story.
No hero makes it without going through hell.
Most people are too pussy and stupid to go into cryptos.
We're suffering to get into the good life, and once we have it they will wonder how we did it.
But its seriously unhealthy for your mental well being.
My worst JUST made me spiral into a angsty fitful despair that I was nothing, would never be anything.
I can see if you get completely JUSTED in this game suicide does seem tempting.
There is no going back from cryptos, nothing compares to the winning and fantasies of making it.
You'll never maket it as a wagie.
You'll only sorta make it as a small business owner but even then that is a lot more work for the scant reward.
ETH, NEO, OMG, ARK, DASH and probably a shit ton other alts I don’t follow did well over 1000% already this year.
Why you so negative?
It’s just simply not true
Same, would also be able to call it quits with $1M.
I'm 31 and going gray already.
Wtf is this shit?
No stress at all, investing purely with bitcoins I had laying around from years ago.
I can't imagine what it would be like to get JUST'd and being ugly/poor.I've gotten JUST'd in crypto twice now, but I rest easy knowing that I can get girls and that my family is well off.
No reason to be stressed.
If you just hodl both BTC & BCH you would have come out ok from this latest mess.
Only idjits who sold their BCH too early on lost out.
I kekd.
Thanks for the uplift anon
"even"This shit is never touching 35c again
HAHA so trueThis is my cycle1st monthMade every rookie mistake in book.
Stared all night at the charts watching my investments half and reciting my prayer the whole night2) 2-3 monthsMaking losses affected my mood.
Was desperate to make and would lose as soon as I made a profit3) After 3 monthsLost 50%?
well just fuckitgained 50%?
Ok good , I'll have a pizza tonight.
Started in June, went 100% alts.
>No BTC, therefore no BCH.
Sorry for being new I guess.
How much $ did you guys put into crypto?
I'm still wondering if I should just say fuck it and put in 10K.
But should I?
Idk...
thats cause you dont sell high dummy
100% altswell there is your fucking problem
Spend hours researching coins that I thought had solid dev teams, massive potential, with upcoming news, token-burn, etc.>chose BAT & FUN>Go in on BAT when I think it looks low a few weeks before Mercury.>Go in on FUN hard before Token Burn and Binance comp.Fuck me right?
I can't cash out any time soon.I've been alive for over 30 years and have seen many times, how government fucks its own people over.
I've witnessed several financial crises, which have caused a devalue for over 10000 times.
Think about this number.I have lost my faith in fiat.
This is just a game, and I want to keep playing.
Stupid game.
The first time you make $30k in a day, you can't unexperience that feeling.
No normal job will ever give you such gains.
This is the rich man's playground.
I don't mind taking the scraps.
Just my 2 satoshis but it sounds like being rich won't solve your problems.
You would gain greater happiness pursuing a meaningful goal liked educating yourself, finding a job that you like, or even a hobby.
Maybe go try a meetup group and go for a run or something, social interaction can be free man, you don't always need money