>be me>early last summer>dad asks me about bitcoin>have long phone conversation with my dad.
Not pressuring him to invest, just explaining the fundamentals of bitcoin and why I think it will continue to increase in value>tell him about a handful of other coins I think will be successful long term>dad reads a bunch of articles about bitcoin>calls me up to say he is planning to invest $4k in bitcoin>a few months later I bring up bitcoin againHow you liking those sweet gains, pops?>mfw he got cold feet and didn’t buy any bitcoin when he said he was going to>mfw his $4k would have more than doubled by nowSo, I never talk to family about BTC or crytpos anymore.
It’s too frustrating.Anyone have similar stories?
Pretty much identical story here.
Except I got "muh bubble" talk.
It almost made it more frustrating to me that my dad seemed to "get it" when we were talking, but still got cold feet
I'd been trying and failing to get my parents to invest some of their savings into BTC for a while.
I owed them £600 and got them to accept payment in BTC (about 0.142 BTC) instead of fiat and they're pretty impressed with the fact it's now worth £900 in less than a month.
Gonna wait until it's gone 2x and then suggest they put proper money into it again.
I don't talk to him about it anymore.
He asks occasionally but I quickly change the subject.
reminder that this is why we're still the early adopters.
it may seem like lots of people are talking about crypto, but the ones with actual money still haven't joined.
My mum wants to invest and make me buy bitcoin for her.
I told her about bitcoin and she is setting up her bank account.
About 30K+... not sure if I should let her invest that much into bitcoin since it can fail anytime.
That said I made a lot on altcoins and bitcoins
Make sure you pick a very safe coin for the majority of it, anon.
Bitcoin, maybe Ethereum.
Altcoins are anything but safe and its different with family money.
It can make things really strained if it goes south.
I agree.
It's easy to get lost in the echo chamber and forget that Bitcoin is still a mystery to most people, even smart people with money.
I work with a handful of very wealthy people and they've all heard of bitcoin but know next to nothing about it.
What altcoins you think are safe?
I'm only risky trader so I don't know much about ETH since I almsot never invest into it expect for ICOs.
Safe, long term holds (imo): BTC, ETH, LTE, XMR
Been talking cryptos with my family since 2012.
They always ask me how its going.
First time this year the whole extended family knew what I was doing.
My mom told me she wanted to buy bitcoin cash when it was $200.
I told her it was too risky because I thought it was a one time pump and dump shit coin.I really underestimated Jihan and friends.
monero
 mfw my dad was the one who got me into cryptocurrency and has more technical knowledge on it than I do
That's my investment life in general.
Can't talk with anyone about shit because they don't want to hear I made 12k in 6 months sitting on magic internet beans, and I get pissy if things are on a downswing otherwise.
Only person I really talk about it with is my wife, and that was just a "hey, we COULD be super rich in a few years, or I could have just lost 5k" to which she says "you know what you're doing, take off every zig".
>be 26>talk to 45 y/o boss who makes 6 figures>"sir have you heard about bitcoin, you really should invest">muh ponzi scheme>muh "do you REALLY know anyone who has made money off of it"that was when it was at 5,500. the dumbass still refuses to buy
he''s pro BCH and Im pro BTC though.Makes interesting conversation...
I hate how overused the term "Ponzi scheme" is these days.
Ponzi scheme is a very specific type of fraud but people just use it to mean "muh investment I don't understand"