After you read this, I guarantee you will feel sorry for me.Imagine this.
You are attracted to women, like you are now (emotionally and sexually), but they do not exist.
They existed a long time ago, and no one knows what they looked like (They have a pretty good idea from the fossils, however), but they do not exist anymore.
That means, not only do you know there will never be any possibility of you having sex with one, but there's not even a possibility of you ever seeing one in real life.
Everyone else, however, except for a very few, are not attracted to women, they are attracted to something else entirely.
So in other words, you will never find any porn anywhere on the internet, only non-sexual pictures of women.
Everyone you have told about your attraction to women think it's disgusting.
To relieve yourself, you get off on the non-sexual pictures of women, knowing it will never get any better.That's what life is like to me.I am a degree 6 Zoosexual, sexually and emotionally attracted to Tyrannosaurs and nothing else.Women don't even do it for me.
I am cursed to live my life in the misery that my most powerful emotional fantasies will never be even close to coming true.
Life is like hell to me.
I will never know true love.Anyways, I believe in REQ saving me.
Don't you?
4270716autist
excuse me?
Nice just bought 100k
This is the last chance for people reading this to get in at a reasonable price.
The team is releasing news in less than 24 hours which is going to push it even higher.
You need to win a girl first and satisfy her needs before she will obey to your wish.Reciprocation is real thing in fully functional humans.
so much shilling, yet it is barely above ICO price.
Why?
stop shilling REQ, anyone with half a brain and who follows DYOR is already in a long time ago.
Let natural selection do its job, idiots stay poor.
Seriously I don't want this to be a biz coin, it has great potential.
Don't make it another link.
Stop shilling this you stupid faggot I have to accumulate more before 2018
no, this is a stuttering pothead.