OH MY GOD How is it even humanly POSSIBLE for someone to be this business illiterate?
!Just look at the '''''NEW''''' foundation website:>https://digibytefoundation.org/What were they thinking?Does this shit stand a chance to even hit $0.01 now?i mean fuck, they've taken it too far with how many times they keep disappointing their investors.
Nice FUD.
Not selling.
what the fuck that website is ugly as hell even I can make a better one.
i can see lamboland in horizon?
How is that FUD you delusional fuck?Just take a look at the 'roadmap' they've got, literally nothing but wallet updates, some bots a kid can make using java script and a bunch of subtle filler-tier ''''projects''''how can you even defend this?please show me what makes you think that?
Fuck you fudder
Omg just another FUDer... can you just stop eating shit and accept that it is great project..
Opportunity of a lifetime and jared squandered it away
Without one shred of doubt literally the heaviest fucking bag to exist in all crypto.
very clean website.
the roadmap includes algorithm swap to maintain gpu mining friendly, as well as a bunch of other projects (9 products, including messenger, Emma AI bot, easy miner for normie beginners, Digibot for telegram, Digi-ID and even a web browser).
Honestly, it's looking like one of the most inovative cryptos, so I don't know what's your fucking problemo.
You should be thankful that you have the opportunity to buy it for less than one cent.
This is the next BTC (except much better).
Yeah its pretty hard for those haters to shit on DGB as the roadmap and website looks very nice so they just come up with some BS to hate on DGB...accept it as a great project and rather get into it then FUD...
4429158How blind can someone be, you sound like no more than a bunch of brainwashed cultists.the bots are nothing but mere Java script shit even the shittiest of IT services has, the easy miner wont get you jackshit for it's power usage, and who's going to bother to use a web browser that's based on nothing new or innovative when you can use Chrome, Firefox or even Tor for whatever you need.And speaking of mining in general, how does it feel now that an Asic miner is hoarding all the coins for itself?
pic related you can see it harvesting all the coins for itself.let's not forget the wallet holding over 20% if not more of the coins.But sure, take my words as nothing more than baseless FUD, it's just another failed wannabe BTC that is muddled with bag holders and incompetent devs that can't tell their faces from their sharpie ridden rears.