Honestly, you guys have no clue.
You don't even know how big REQ will be.
By this time next year, your life will change dramatically, and for the better.All you have to do is keep holding.
And buy more, while you can.
These prices are a gift, a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity.
We found out about this way too early.
It will be so surreal when you start seeing this in advertisements on television, and on fliers in banks, and when you hear famous news anchors mention it by name.You will feel a genuine sense of pride.
This is what it looks like to buy in the early stages, before it's on anyone else's radar.
This is what it looks like to do your due diligence.
This is what it means to invest in a big thing before it's big.
You will make it.
People said the same thing about Link.
Look at them now.
Req never pumped and has a fully released product by the end of 2018.
They are already ahead of schedule.
I bought bch multiple times at 300 and I plan on buying more req once btc takes a knee.
check out EBET OP (https://ethbet.io/), you might like it just as much.I love REQ but EBET is my other favorite, going to go up a ton when full demo is released soon
To make it big you have to take risks about which coins you think have upside potential.
I'm willing to risk it all on this one.
I literally went all in and am in the top 50 hodlers.
I don't see any better coins out there for several reasons:>Professional team - doesn't fuck around trying to create false hype like OMG, but are instead doing regular updates and recognise the need to be on more exchanges even though they believe DEXs are the future.
They also stated that anyone could DM a team member if they had questions/concerns about the project.>They already have a product and clients - check out moneytis.com, the team has stated that they all clients currently using moneytis will be transferred over to request.
They have also stated that no more time is being spent on moneytis, all time is being spent on request.>Their project is needed.
This is auto auditing and accounting, and opens up a whole new way to pay, rent and get paid using continuous invoicing.
Think about if you're on a salary at work, then every second more money will be going into your account, and money will be coming out for rent, electricity, phones, car repayments, etc.
You won't have to worry about getting large bills and finding the money.>They have a roadmap on how to get companies and governments to use their platform to port their tax systems over to through incentives bounties and taking a large cut of the fees ran through the contracts they create.>They are backed and funded by ING and Ycombinator and they aren't able to tell us the details of either partnership as of yet.>A portion of the tokens used as fees are burnt, and they have stated their will be an opportunity for staking after plasma/casper are implemented.People get rich by backing companies with good fundamentals from ground zero.
I feel like I've got a good chance to make a very good return on this and am going to try and take it all the way.
Feel free to think differently.
Yeah REQ wont even excist in some months.
That's how big this shit is going.
This shitcoin is below ico and will always drop below ico with all the pajeets in this coin.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cjZ3ExLBmqIWhat do you think about her evaluation?
Where do I even go to buy REQ?
It's not on the Trex.
dant forget YMCA's sexual aggresion tictacs!
They'll get mooned!
BinanceFeel free to use https://www.binance.com/?r ef=10596687Would be thankfullAlso on etherdelta if you prefer that.
this.
I mean it is a pretty ground breaking and revolutionary service and it's backed by the best people in the world - literally, you couldn't do any better than YC.
If things work out, Request can indeed become a unicorn level company in the next 2 years.
Revolutionary Service>What is MTH?>What is OMG?>What is UTrust?And more will come, and that's only in the crypto world.
Think big - the multi B companies will just watch from the side, right?
Yeah, OMG is the Asia-Pacific contender, but I think the fundamentals on REQ are better than those of Monetha and UTrust.
Also, when I say Request can become a unicorn, I mean the company may be worth 10+ billion in 2 years.
The token value /market cap isn't necessary tied to this and we may see REQ market cap at well over 10B
B?????
9% of PayPal's value in 2 years?Even though REQ got multiple use cases, they wont be able to step into audit and they will only be an alternative as a payment gateway.Good luck.
Pajeeted
kek
Holding 110k, so barely in the top 1000.
Am I going to make it anon?
Yeah, even if it is the same as OMG, it's a fraction of the market cap and has a better team with no Skateboards and stickers.