>smoke hella weed>hella dope, hella meth>Day trade neet>tell mommy and daddy Im profitablek in the stocks and crypto>get liquidated positions on a dailey basis>literally hemorrhaging moneyhaha who here /live on the edge/ trying to change my strategy up a little
Sell stocks, buy cheap req and hold it for a few years Also quit larping.
Hella cuck
you cannot be good trader if you are weed degenerate I know it well myselfbut I was early miner and holder so it does not matter in my case
cool faggot I have Req filteredalso Im not larping but I wish i was
hello cousin>i also have arooudn $10000 in the game, but i only touch crypto>i only smoke weed>LINK/DBIX/SALT>keep fiat for grocery>ready to fuck off to thailand when i made $50,000 good luck friend, enjoy lifewe're free from the matrix
4295154You guys make me feel bad about being in the 10k category with you methheads.
nice OP me too except I just stopped the tweak and weed.
Feels good man...any day now
smoke hella weed>up 36% for the year and 274% careerTrade sober, or get fucked over.
they say those that get liquidated the most end up the best traders in the long runby the time Im middle aged, Ill be a hedge fund manager
You want to continue to bleed money I see.
how long could $50K last in Thailand?
I cant if I stop smoking weed for even 2 hours I start projectile vomiting lol Im not even joking
you dumb nigger cant read or something?
i said i dont do methand i'm also sorry we're in similar positions, why are you not wagecucked if you cant ever read basic sentences?
can you even read numbers?
KEK
I might not be profitable but Im not a newfag I dont buy your new-age shitcoins.
omg was the last good coin
and i also get liquidated when gambling on bitmex but i switched to doing reserach and investing in solid projects, which is why i shared my picks - long term comfy getting high and living the NEET elite life - not slaved, like many jealous normies
you want to quit smoking before your emphysema becomes noticable, trust me.
Are you always high?
link, dbix, saltIm sorry anon but you will lose all your money.
just being honest you fell for some memes.
Or maybe you are one of them
toplel
use your weed powers to learn programming, then write a bot to do analysis and trading for you.Python is a good start for financial shit.
Tons of libraries for data analysis.It's what I'm trying to do at least.
I know I try edibles but I cant keep them down, they are too disgustingcant say I feel high on weed ever.. Im constantly smoking weed, like between each post.
my bong, if you removed the glass, would be a wet black tar bong.
Like imagine smoking out of an apple but its made 100% of tar
I dont like programming, tried it
don't waste time trying to reinvent wheeldownload gekko and quickly realize it is about something else
Like imagine smoking out of an apple but its made 100% of targross.
clean your glass, bruv
gross dude, keep clean pieces.
probably projectile vomiting from what you're putting into you.
pesticides maybe?
maybe the weeds just helping the pesticides you're inhaling.
bro if you're risking that much money you should honestly just join this pump group https://discord.gg/NKhHtfUWork your way up to the highest rank (premium) for an easy 40-60% profit each pump.
4295315maybe tommrowbut yeah I have to poke hole through the tar to smoke everty time, its just an apple, It cant even fit water anymore but a few dropsreported to the sec

I'm using pyalgotrade and pandas as a framework to handle all the heavy lifting.The real money comes down to writing a good strategy.
I've learned some interesting things about the nature of the crypto market by playing with this.
Weird thing is these strategies have all worked on shit like stock markets and gold futures too.
Every price action is a reaction of previous events.
oh no mommyanother bitcoin diehard faggot is scaring me on 4chanoh nomommyyscreencapped for future shitposting
>over $100k in BTC>another $20k from the BCrash I still didn't bother to dump>still poor as fuck because if i wanted real state the tax would put me under 6 figures again>stuck with my parents at near age 30
 better for your health to not smoke out of the resin bong in it's current condition.
get a clean pipe or bong or give the old res tube a hot wash in *salt* and isopropyl alcohol/water 70:30 solution
Can't imagine why anyone would ever take your advice lmfao
120k in imaginary money>poorah, the good times
you have more than enough options LARP or should I say just RPgee I dont know shill it doesnt really make a difference to me.
Ive been in this since may, and anyone whos been around since then knows the alt dream is over
bro... you got it all wrong pal>chew addies> swallow ur vyvanse>binge on coke to pick yourself up and trade more>take a xanax to clear ur head at night