Why the hell would anyone invest in crypto?
It's volatile, no one outside of speculators actually use it, and it's fucking intangible.
It would make way more sense to just invest into stocks we know are going to go up steadily and wait a couple of years to retire off of them.
These get rich quick schemes are bullshit.
Invest in something stable that can't fail, like Bank of America, JP Morgan, Tesla etc.
Your opinion is invalid because> it just is> also, she's not asian
Def.
not asian
% true.
Most of the people on here though know though that these coins are just a meme.
btw when is my time to have sex with a sweet semon demon like this
I am getting rich pretty fast.
Wtf are you doing right now?
Complaining about being too late and now you want to try your luck with blue chips?
Stay poor pajeet
Why the hell would anyone invest in crypto?
It's volatile>>implying the volatility isn't the attraction of crypto to all the ADHD instant gratification losers who want instant gainsFuck you're an idiot.
Think before you post.
You answer your own question in the FIRST LINE!
That’s why we fucking love it cause it’s more fucking volatile which means more chances of fucking gains.
Fucking faggot Get it fast before it stabilizes
why do you hate making money anon?
Just wait till the whole bubble pops, why would anyone want to use internet money, its intangible, it'll never be widely adopted.
It's going to be used by the 17 teenagers selling adedrall on TOR.4373162You could guarantee yourself the same return in a few years where as crypto is going to be a fad that'll die out in the next 3 years.
It's just tulip mania.I don't thats why I have what I must mentioned in my portfolio.
Bitcoin was worth it 3 years ago when it was at a reasonable price.
Crypto ain’t a bubble, it’s an economy and don’t fucking put all your eggs in one basket ffs
You could guarantee yourself the same return in a few years where as crypto is going to be a fad>that'll die out in the next 3 years.
It's just tulip mania.I just said, they are ADHD instant gratification losers.
Now you're arguing they could make the same returns in 3 years.What part of "instant gratification" don't you understand?
3 years is 3 years too long for them, anon.
Why can't you grasp this concept?
What are you doing on /biz/ if you can't accept the irrational investing behaviors of other people?Fucking idiot.
Poor pajeet will stay poor forever.
Never Regret you decision for not investing in it.
But calling it a bubble with only 210B in it is fucking deluded.
Deriavtes, stock market and even the real estate is in another bubble.
Stop investing at all and stay poor forever
Deriavtes, stock market and even the real estate is in another bubble.lmao produce any credible evidence for thisIF those thinks tank, what makes you think that people are going to keep buying memecoins
I look forward to laughing at brainlet faggots such as yourself for decades to come.
See you at 10k next year.
Stocks are literally a house of cards and don’t fucking do anything.
Plus, the stock market is extremely inflated right now and I would not touch that shit with a 10 foot pole.
>fiat money is based solely on the faith and credit of the economy.t.
basic definition from investopediareally makes u think op
Nobody will buy memecoins when everything fucks up, but guess what brings the best return right now?
You are srly missing the basic economy knowledge.Go buy more Tesla shares
ur Statement is incredible dumb.
makes u look stupid.
an economy without any use.
truehave fun with your boomer gains.
shit like a fucking national bank already mooned, you're buying the top
BECAUSE IT'S MY ONE WAY OUT OF THIS HELLISH POORFAG EXISTENCE
$10 - bubble>$100 - bubble>$2000 - bubble>$7000 - bubble>$10000 - bubble
Why do you think Bitcoin was worth it 3 years ago?
3 years ago it was pretty expensive compared to 5 years ago.
What do you estimate this on, on future pricing?
How do you know this won't go to 100000$?
What do you base your value estimations on?
Don't you think the intrinsic value of all money is 0$?
Why would it be expensive now and not 3 years ago?You need something to compare it with, don't compare it to stocks.
7000$ might sound like a lot compared to most individual stocks.
But companies can issue more and more stocks, just like the fed can print more and more USD.Imo the best thing to compare it with is Gold.
Gold like Bitcoin is used as a safe haven, is so high in prince that it's intrinsic value doesn't matter, most of it value comes from speculators that speculate that gold will be used as safe haven.Now you can say, yeah but gold has actual physical uses like jewelry and conductors or whatever.
Well gold isn't priced on that basis, if it was it would be 20x times cheaper, gold is valuable because it's rare enough, shiny and because there's speculative demand.Now imagine if gold wasn't known to humanity until 2009.
The first people dug up some gold saw there was tons of them and mined and sold as much as they could, a few years later they seemed to find that gold is actually pretty rare on earth and suddenly the demand goes up.Now imagine that Bitcoin, something FAR MORE RARE than gold (EVEN IN KGS) and that can't be mined in infinetly large space because there's some mathemathical limit to it's supply, something FAR MORE ACCESSIBLE TO THE AVERAGE PERSON THAN GOLD, and also MUCH MORE EASILY TO HIDE, SEND (abroad), DIVIDE, SELL and HOARD.If you can imagine that, now imagine that slowly more and more (wealthy) people are realizing that there's this realistic possiblity that BTC will be the next big Safe Haven from inflation and economic crisises, and even IF NOT, it still is RARE AF, with a growing world economy and population.
This girl is not asian mr. poorman
4373225its been a while since ive seen a cope thread
Now if we were to compare it to gold we could very well look at Marketcap.
9 trillion for gold, 120 billion for BTC.
There's plenty of room to grow for BTC, despite it having grown so much.But why stop at gold's marketcap if Bitcoin's traits are actually better than gold as I've named before.
It's FAR MORE ACCESSIBLE to start.
Imagine a billion indians, how many of them do you think buy gold as an investment?
I'm pretty sure it's less than 0.1%.
Why would that be?
Everyone knows gold is valuable, and has been increasing in price for decades, yet most people don't even bother putting at least some of their money in gold, sure 90% of India is poor, but let's talk about the 10%, the 100 million that is middle class or higher.
And maybe right now, there's far less buyers for bitcoin in India, but what we're seeing is a RAPIDLY GROWING DEMAND.
And sure it may slow down, but why would it suddenly stop?
It won't.
More and more people are earning money, more and more people learn about bitcoin, MORE AND MORE PEOPLE GROW UP IN A WORLD IN WHICH BITCOIN ALREADY EXISTS.One bitcoin will one day be worth more than 1% Million UNLESS IT's banned by the west, overtaken by another cryptocurrency OR global collapse of world economy.Two of those things are extremely unlikely in the coming decades.
pls kys
Gold is not an investment nor is it a currency, but unlike bitcoin and other crypto it can be traded without requiring internet connected computers.
The artificial limit on the max number of bitcoins was created specifically to cause the type of price inflation you see now.
It's a brilliant ponzi scam.
Eventually, coins will get so expensive that nobody can or will want to buy in, even at fractional amounts.
Mommmmy!
I DID IST AGAIN!!!
!>What is demand and supply?
WHO DOESNT HAVE A INTERNET CONNECTED COMPUTER OR SMARTPHONE YET?
Even half the people in developing countries have it.It's a brilliant limit indeed, not a scam though.
And yes, they will one day be so expensive that demand will go down, but then we're already rich so who cares.
You lack a fundamental understanding of price vs value.
Bitcoin is not growing, it is suffering from hyperinflation.
Bitcoin is not like gold; it is more like a casino chip.
It can only be used within its own network, and its value is entirely pegged to the USD so it's no better than fiat currency.It won't matter what 1 BTC trades for in USD, because bitcoin has no value and attempts to derive value from USD, which also has no value.
Physical goods, commodities, real estate, services - these things have value.
Why?
I might be simplifying some of it.
But the userbase of bitcoin is growing and so is the global knowledge of it's existence.
If Gold was found in 2009 and was only 50$ at first then it would need some hyperinflation to catch up too, it's userbase would grow rapidly too.
Bitcoin can only be used within it's own network?
You mean the internet?
Well that's fine since the internet has taken over the world.
It's value isn't PEGGED toe the USD, do you even know what pegged means?
USDT is pegged to USD, this like gold is a speculative investment.
Why wouldn't gold be an investment?
"Of all the precious metals, gold is the most popular as an investment.
Investors generally buy gold as a way of diversifying risk, especially through the use of futures contracts and derivatives.
The gold market is subject to speculation and volatility as are other markets.
"Bitcoin can do that too, but it's even more rare than gold so I expect it to go even more valuable.
It doesn't take much for the internet to be shut down, and do you really want your entire nest egg to be at the whim of the telcos?
I guess you haven't noticed the rampant censorship that google and social media have decided they have a right to impose after reshaping the internet from a wide-open land of opportunity into a handful of P.C.
ad-spam ghettos.
I'll stick with offline currency.
Thanks.Supposing bitcoin shot up to $1M per BTC, you think you'll find a lot of buyers there?
Volume is going to dry up and it will implode.
Money supply has to scale with population for price stability.
BTC was created with the exact intent of roping suckers in, ballooning the price so early participants can cash out rich while the rest are left holding a bag, unable to afford their internet-connected smart phones any longer.
Internet censorship isn't the same as shutting down the internet.
The internet won't be just be shut down, maybe in a few centuries, but that's too far away to tell.And Bitcoin won't just shoot up to 1 million, it will go gradually, in booms and busts probably.
When everytime the booms will go higher, people will also buy at 1 million, there will be plenty of volume too because by then it's likely lots of institutions offer Bitcoin as an investment.
Money supply has to scale with population for price stability?
We're not asking for price stability, we just want a safe haven from supply inflation that appreciates in value on the longterm, which is what gold is and what bitcoin can become.
Whenever rich people cash out, new buyers will come and with a growing world economy and a rapidly decreasing poverty anything rare will increase in price.
It's just one of the reasons bitcoin will increase in price.
Rarity is great but it has to be paired with other things.
Baseball cards will never be as tradable and valuable as bitcoins for lots of reasons.
u seem incredible stupid.
Just stop posting.
Why?
Just show me where please and explain it to me.
It would make way more sense to just invest into stocks we know are going to go up steadily and wait a couple of years to retire off of themgood jokeyou'll make a few %, maybe 10 or 20or the economy will crash again(and don't be a fool, we never left the boom/bust cycle behind - it will crash, even if nobody can safely predict when) and you'll be stuck holding those bags for ten years longer than you expected and forced to remain at workPeople invest in it precisely because it's volatile, because that's your only chance to make it big in the short term without winning the lotterydumb phoneposterAnd as for this conversation about offline currency, I sure hope you don't keep anything in the bank, or have "investments" only backed by paper.
Physical gold is well and good but laughably impractical to hoard for the average person who would be better off buying tinfoil if they're going to live like the "internet is going to shut down."
Price stability is a joke given that the people who argued for it are now shitting paper money into the economy and causing severe, lopsided inflation for the parts of society most vulnerable to it.
Because I had x dollars and now I have x+y dollars where y is positive number
43731311.
Coins are just a bullshit meme and youll never make it.
2.
Im making money barely lifting a finger.Pick one faggot im on the litecoin train today.
Wow gold used to be a huge timesink to farm.
When are you cryto fags going to invest in classic wow gold farmers?
It's volatileRight there.
In the first two words after your question, you answered it.
teslaLmao, nice bait anon
lmao produce any credible evidence for thisare you retarded?SNB and BOJ are literally the biggest stock holders on the planet right now.
they are printing money and pumping it into the stock markets.
producitvity is way down.
company earnings way down.
valuations are sky high and stock markets just keep mooning.
yet people talk about the bitcoin bubble LMAO
can't fail>TSLAthey don't earn money, miss every earning target and have the ugliest p/e ratio i've ever seenalso the equity market is SUPER overvalued right now, the last thing i'd want is to invest blindly in it.
i only have 10% in crypto but stocks are sketchy as fuck aslo right now until the come back to rational valutions.
The artificial limit on the max number of bitcoins was created specifically to cause the type of price inflation you see now.
It's a brilliant ponzi scam.Why would anyone pay anything from something that has an unlimited supply?
Would you buy gold for 35k/kg if you could lift any rock and pick some gold up.
LMAO
yeah, CBs around the world having balance sheets that heavy is sketchy as fuck, but they don't buy stock (or at least not directly), they buy bonds, or i'm i missing something.
give me some eco 101.
You realise blockstream are softening their attitude to the 21m cap?
Luke Jr just the other day the 21m cap is up for debate.Those kikes are turning BTC into fiat slowly but surely.
Bitcoin Cash is Bitcoin.
she's hot tho
Luke Jr just the other day the 21m cap is up for debate.Do you have a link for this?
Because that’s utterly stupid and seems exactly opposite to the "more store of value than currency" stance held by Core currently.
4373225
4373225who's this?
Tesla is almost as speculative as crypto lol
Fuck it do both.
I am 80% equities 20% cryptos rebalanced quarterly.
% ROI of 10million = 500.000k5% ROI of 10k= 500.
If you dont want to stay poor your entire life you will have to take a risk.
>Tesla>StableWithout government gibbsmedat Toyata, Renault, Volkswagen and Daimler would have eaten Tesla for breakfast a while a go.
WRONGhttps://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-07-19/japan-bourse-head-turns-surprise-critic-of-kuroda-etf-purchasesthey directly buy equities - BOJ does $50bb+ annually of index ETFs
https://mobile.twitter.com/LukeDashjr/status/929334917103865856BTC is a bank controlled shitcoin.
This is the initial phase to soften views on the hardcap obviously but its blatantly obvious which direction it is headed.Quite literally: Bitcoin cash is Bitcoin.
i'm no doomsayer but the equity market is bound to get fucked sonner than later, might not be 2018 but it won't last 10 years before at least a serious correction happens.
that will be the time to buy cheap, as always
I read a detailed analysis on TESLA few months ago by an investment company.
That report was very through and brutally honest on all the aspects of Teslas business and i still remember the key points to this day as it impacted me very much.
To cut a long story short, they expect Tesla to go bankcrupt within 5years at a 95% chance.
There are at least half a dozen (very solid) reasons for that, -each of them alone a mayor challenge for any normal company - and TESLA is eventually only still walking because of the market/media shilling & hype (which is not justified by actual results and realistic future prospects), government gibs and Musks name to it.
Stay away from Tesla, im an econ&tech guy and im going full-ok with their assessment.
Tesla is gonna crash and burn very hard sooner or later as it lacks substance in the tech and on top of that overall profitability.
I think this guy here has no clue, for a variety of reasons im not getting into