We're back at it folks!
Let's dissect this shit!
It is a prediction market platform.
A major reservation I have with these, and there are a few, is that the Efficient Market Hypothesis literally does not hold, even in the weak sense, in Crypto right now.
Information literally does not filter down or anywhere often.
So, it is a little awkward thinking a subset of this highly emotional and irrational market will do prediction correctly.
This is a good read if you are not familiar with the applications of prediction markets or what they are.
I can answer any questions.
I have long known about them so I am not going to rehash any of the basics here.
-RR
They of course have an Oracle problem.
give me the quick rundown
They honestly will have a bitch of a time ensuring that "Operators", those who create and run the markets, are reliable oracles (won't lie about events to make money).
Trust is a huge issue.
The platform is completely open.
Decentralization is so in vogue we sometimes forget that in instances like this it guarantees many, many people will be ripped off.
It is a platform for prediction markets that is decentralized.
They basically are designing a bare framework and other people have to show up to run the markets.
It could gain a lot of hype, but there are already gaping holes in the framework and I am not half way through the whitepaper.
I look at things from a long term perspective though.
Short term, the ICO may be flippable, I haven't looked at the token yet.
MOI is predictably just the cash of the system.
It is used on all levels.
To pay providers, to make bets, to pay out bets, to reward Operators, etc.. One thing, like Nav, they will let people buy tokens with a credit card basically.
Which is nice and important.
Being regulated is sometimes good.
Very few crypto companies can legally pull this off, and it drastically opens up the market.
Moirai seems to promise that Operators will be required to keep a reserve that can pay out under all circumstances, but that is a generous reading, and the wording is awkward.
Hopefully that is the plan.
This whole section is one big lol: Generalisation of Cryptographic Currency for PublicHalf the shit they say is bullshit.
But whatever.
Most isn't that important for our uses.
These charts are fucking lolWhat is this?
"Yes, Mr. Lawyer, we just need this whitepaper to be 10,000 more words, and add graphs, thanks!"
Sorry, I am dozing off.
The whitepaper is 80% filler and has diagrams like this.
lol lol loldoes this use the Bancor protocol?
It says so in one instance shown.
I have reservations about the Bancor protocol anyways (see links), but the Bancor protocol would be horrifically stupid for a prediction market to implement.
Horrifically.
Arbitrage could be literally created by savvy marketers and information manipulators.
The is enormous volatility in prediction markets.
it would be a fucking joke.
https://steemit.com/icon/@roosterred/icon-icx-ico-a-promising-coin-with-major-flawshttps://steemit.com/scams/@roosterred/why-bancor-unless-it-changes-will-be-pump-and-dump-nightmare-for-investors
There is literally nothing else on this.
Just a check mark.
And not how it would be implemented, so I shouldn't make any definite proclamations now.
But lol.
What a horrible idea.
Who is talking to these people?
You shouldn't have a liquidity problem in a successful prediction market.
If you have one, your market is already a failure.
What a fucking joke.
The token is actually really interested and done in the right way (for this type of ICO).
It is a capped ICO, which many like for post-ICO gains.
All unsold tokens are burned.
The token pays dividends.
15% of profits are distributed to token holders.
That is quite a lot, actually.
This incentivizes holding tokens too, which further increases value.
I'll have to look at the breakdown later, but token wise, it looks good at first glance.
4297785I still can't get over this shit.
At worst for liquidity in these types of uses you'd just make your own exchange like Steemit does.
There is too much fucking volatility in prediction markets (Superbowl, presidential elections, etc) that having a backed coin, even not using the suspect Bancor protocol, is a bad idea.
Just a horribly bad idea.
Later Biz.
I know some of you lurkers find this interesting.
I think this is worth doing another write up on.
I have done one in over a month because I was busy promoting my ICO model.
I have not given up.
We are all going to make it, but showing this type of skill set could pay my rent soon.