Any ideas on how to best profit from instagram?
I just made niche page thats already picking up followers like crazy.
Currently im following tag trends online and adjusting my shitposts to get people genuinely following my page.How do I actually capitalize on these shmucks?
honestly interested in the answer
add a ton of people in your niche and then unfollow them a few days later.
People tend to follow people who follow them, so it's a good way to accumulate followers with a little bit of work
same here.
bump
I know a guy with a 900k page based around hot college girls in bikinis.... he is a beta asian dweeb but girls pay him to post, companies pay for promos and he gets paid to host parties that the girls come to....you need to network with related categories of your niche... what is the niche and how are you getting followers (the hardest part)
can we get the 411 on the account name / page name / @ whatever?
how do you determine your "niche"?
Just build a brand around yourself and post pictures of you doing things you enjoy, and eventually if you go hiking enough someone will pay you to advertise their brand of hiking boot?Also, does anyone have some good crypto insta's I could follow?
college.babeswhy to get shilled harder than biz, you need info at the ground floor you have to network and get in some discords
OP here.
Instagram is satursted in black and mexican minorities and a lot of dumb chicks.
I started a page that caters to their specific.. interests.
Its working very well.
People will pay you to rep stuff if you have allot of followers they also pay you more then it costs for fake followers.
well if that is your primary fanbase thru memes and dumb shit you could try hosting giveaways, those generate a lot of followers...get companies to sponsor the giveaways and then eventually grow to the point where they will pay you to sponsor them
Yeah but if I get caught buying fake followers my legitimacy is compromised.These fake followers comment robot-tier garbage all over your posts, sure to repulse any reps.
Okay, good information.
Would becoming sponsored require and personal contact using my real name etc to collect payment?
I mean no?
Paypal doesn't have to give them your real name in the transaction...or you could always request payment in crypto :)
This is now a general social media monetization thread.
Anyone make money from similar social media low-effort marketing?
Tips appreciated, and I will tip you in the shitcoin of your choice.. links?
I’m sucking at getting followers on my project.
what is your project?
tell me a little about your goals and I will advise you
One is simply a lifestyle and culture personal IG.
Humour, cuisine, art, family, recreation, community, travel etc.The other is a crypto-centric based on humour, memes, eventually a tie in to YouTube channel, laughs, singing, ridiculum, nerd crypto stuff.Pretty damn niche.
But, at least the niche is growing?Cheers mate, appreciate feedback.Twitter / IG / FB - @thebitcoinpirate
No shit coin necessary.
It's really easy when you know your target audience.
I went for black people straight and simple.
I espouse black pride and use emojis to mimic the vernacular and seem geniune.
Looked it up, stats show that you reach more people with 9-11 hashtags.
The hashtags I chose are targeted but very popular, almost guaranteeing that the demographic it reaches will agree with the drivel and follow my account.
Once you find 9-11 really good hashtags that seem to garner a response, copy and save them to a notepad, and reuse.
The majority of interaction people have with your post is the 2-3 minutesafter bumping it with your tags, so those hashtags are integral.I add a few extra hashtags (#likeforlike #followforfollow) and that gets me a solid influx of followers at any time.
Just unfollow them afterwards.Slowly but surely youll gain followers and comments, which will naturally bump your content.
You also have to post new shit quite frequently, as stated above, because the initial interaction comes from the hashtag bump.
100% of my content is stolen from the same hashtags I use and Im still getting followbase growing.
I've spent a day trying to get followers there basically looking up hashtag "followtrain".
It's genuinely an IQ draining experience, but it works.
It's really weird too.
Tons of people on that app are, and I mean it - obsessed with Ariana Grande and Kylie Jenner.
What the fuck is this all about
You have to realize that the whole concept behind virality is easily digestible material, not enough people appreciate crypto or even know what it is to get large... its pretty much like having an inside joke with your friends...Now for lifestyle and culture, you are saying that's just your personal IG?
There's pretty much straightforward formulas for personal IGs to take off... if you are a man you are expected to show off your lavish lifestyle, by consistently posting new name items you purchase, vacations, expensive shit....or be famous for something or be good looking...much easier to succeed as a hot girl on igshit coins you say?
Also, how long has your page been up/ number of followers?
And Is there a way to capitalize on that celebrity obsession?
send me your ETH for a couple KNC
I got ~200 followers.
What you do is look up hashtag followtrain, like the picture to appear in the "liked" list, comment something like "ifb" on the picture and await followers.
You can also follow those who leave the comments but don't over do it - don't follow like 10 people in 10 seconds, they will disable the following feature for you.
I forgot to mention.
Look up the top trending hashtags before you post.
I used Miss America hashtags and plastered a few photos of the black candidate and it got a rapid response
Thanks a lot, amigo.
So, expect more for entertainment purposes when it come to niche cryptogram.
Find niches with much larger user network potential to sow and someday reap.
Do you experiment with your hashtags, or test from lists you dig up?
So far my hashtags are some of the most popular on instagram (#BLM, among others), but when I create an even more Niche account im going to have to either experiment or like you said, dig up numbers.
The size of the user network is definitely the most integral part I think, but theres definitely merit to the smaller niches with slow-moving hashtag feeds.
Good luck, I can tell you are likely to succeed.
Thank you sir, and to you as well