Tell me your undervalued coins, need to invest some more with my profits after yesterday's LINK.
Gem = low MCAP ($40M max) - solid team - good roadmap - under the radarMy list so far:- AMB- DOVUAny good?
What else?
Small MCAP coins are the only way to go 50x nowadays
So you want shitcoins?
adt
Quite the opposite, you don't even need to shill them, my bad.Just want to see what my fellow Bizraelis are looking at in terms of under the radar coins and do my own research.
All in on DOVU.
Check the Telegram group - they want to burn all unsold coins.
Tomorrow they post a new roadmap.
percent of my portfolio is in DOVU.
They're considering doing a burn to help with the huge uncirculating supply.
Also presenting with Waze on the 23rd.
I'm going to hold until then and re-evaluate

no thanks jeff, has barely any future potential.
Coss.
DYOR
MOD, not really under the radar, but just about to hit 40M, could easily go to 100-200M, didn't moon like crazy yesterday, has working product and insanely valuable target market, pays quarterly dividends.
DOVU is legit, good company and product.
Already passed all my criteria to invest.I need more though, can't put all my LINK gains in one gem
No Limit Coinonce it gets into a big exchange it will moon for sure.It's basically one of the only altcoins being used today
Are you the guy with a gook on the pic?
This.
You'd be a fool not to
Thanks, I'm betting on AMB here though, more potential use-cases and more under the radar than MOD.
Also I think the team is more experienced.
Although I'm sure MOD will make it, but I feel AMB will surpass it long-term.Logistics is definitely a good industry to look at for potential gems.
>Ctrl-F "VIBE">No resultsThank fuck I still have more time to accumulate.
4266327This.
See 
Holy shit.
You should look up $PIRLno joke ...
Get in before it's too late boys
COSS team is shady, also exchange works really bad.
I think if one will go run with Binance volume it will be Kuocoin as it's Asian too.
EVX still qualifies (36M), although it already +30% today
- Kucoin's market cap is significantly higher than COSS (10x or so) as it was already pushed through a pump.- The Kucoin dividend split % changes freely since it's not DAO enforced.- Kucoin dividend dispursement is direct and the SEC will fuck it hard once they take notice.
(Run Kucoin through the Howey Test yourself)Fudding people here into buying an already pumped coin is the shady activity.
Coss and DOVU will make you rich.
FLIK.
Low market cap, sort of genuine use (netflix alternative , good team some douche from bitpay on board as well.
Nigger TI too
DGB...take a look and you will quickly find its the best coin available to buy..
most undervalued ALT of Q4 - DUBAICOIN / DBIX>the arabian ETH/BTC (arabian language for the south east)>own arabian fiat to crypto exchange (palmex.ae - soon to officially launched - right now only soft launched with not some features not added yet)>hitbtc this week (first major exchange - so far we're on Livecoin/Cryptopia)>$15,000,000 market cap >plenty of oil/blood/government money to be moved when things stop looking for them in the future