current circ supply 450k, currently at fucking 10-15 cent.
legit team, not yet in cmc, this can get in to binance any time soon, platform launch in 5 days.
faggots dyor, get on ithttps://tokens.tiotourguides.com/#about-tio-cryptocurrencyhttps://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=2066861.1580Tio Crypto-currency is a digital currency created on the Ethereum Blockchain meant to be used to pay for services on the Tio Tour Guides Platform and the entire Tio Network Group, and at any other merchants that accept Tio as a means of payment.Tio Tour Guides: Tio Tour Guides is a social platform for Tourist, Tour Guides and Tour Operators to interconnect and pay for or escrow payments for Tour services using Tio Tokens.
On the platform, users are given the flexibility and options for them to easily search for personalized tours based on their personal needs or create a paid or free personalized tour themselves.
User are also able to book flights, hotel rooms, trains, etc and pay with Tio Cryptocurrency with options to choose from a network of over 600,000 Hotels, Flights, and trains worldwide.
Other user options on the platform, includes, Create an Online Tio Token Wallet, Fund your online Wallet with Paypal/Debit Card, Swap your Tio Tokens for Bitcoins or Ethereum.Tio Hotels & Resorts: The very idea behind Tio Cryptocurrency was partly born out of the fact that we had a goal to create a chain of budget friendly hotels across South-East Asia's picturesque beaches.
The first resort of the chain, a 30 room resort style hotel is currently being built inland, North of Bangkok and is at about 70% done, expected to be completed during the first quarter of 2018.
The Other chain is a 320 room Hotel on Koh Samui's Beach, for which a negotiation is being done for the land .
We are targeting 20 different Budget Hotels across S.E Asia alone.
Holders of Tio Token will be able to walk in and pay with Tio at any one of these hotels.
this is the info from TIO team.
Yes, we had contacted them before, but their issue was that we were not selling up to $10,000 a day.
That is no longer a problem, we did over $20,000 in the last 24 hours and that's going to continue.
We just sent them emails letting them know that our turnover is now over their required limit, so believe we are going to be listed as soon as they get back to work on monday.
We just paid for the listing on Yobit on tuesday, we are waiting for them to announce it, we believe we are going to do well on Yobit because it's easy to notice a good project on Yobit in the midst of all those other projects there and we are putting together the listing fees for HitBtc, their fee is 25BTC, so that is not cheap.
But since we have promised that to our community we intend to trade on HitBTC, you guys just have to give us some more time for that to happen.
We will put together a formal proposition for Bitcoin Indonesia, and BXThailand on Monday.
We believe our brightest future will be on asian exchanges, since we are an asian company, and majority of our physical projects start off in Asia.
(For example TIO hotels, please visit our token site for more information) Yes, Binance is in the list of the Asian exchanges we're talking about.
"Also you're early on the TIO train, now go ahead buy some TIO and hold them, and do not allow greed to force you to sell them quickly. "
fucking team member telling you to not sell, what could go wrong.