It is wrong for a man to have this much money
No
Not even close.
>mfw I am Jeff Bezos>mfw people will think I'm larping>mfw I come on here and laugh at you pathetic "whale" virgins Timestamped pic coming shortly fuckin' virgins hahhaaha
buy some altcoins then you nigger will be the first quadrillionire >muh but i wanna sell food on amazon too becasue fuck people trying to make living>muh capitalism
Shhhh
Yeah fuck that guy for being so lucky
pump links pls
Real talk if you had like $80Billion what the fuck would you do?Non-meme answers please, seeiously what would you do
How does it feel to be bald baldy?
Nuke the world into oblivion
Fund the pursuit of immortality, then support endeavors to further humanity as I see fit - space exploration, maybe?
I don't think I'm nearly educated nor wise enough to smartly throw around 80BI'd blow some of that shit on myself of course, but it'd be so insignificant
Oh look, 4 far left fuck tards.90% tax on all rich fucks.
They all love the left, they should be thankful to give almost all of their money to the government.
Create a charitable foundation and donate for tax write-offs.
Have all hard decisions done by sycophants.
Travel.
buff bezos
This
Jihan is going to have even more by the end of the year and it both amazes and scares me.
berg>a manpick one
Create a white country
can't even afford to buy a first world countrypoorfags
you're going to need more guns and bombs and jew-repellant in general m8
Why would somebody so good with money want people so fucking bad with it managing it, why should this even be considered?
Those whales could be more effective giving away 1% at their discretion than any fucking government could be with 100%.
Hire women to drink all my pissLike, whenever I need to piss I will have a woman drink it from my dick
they were probably all hillary supporters, i.e.
corporate neocon shill who says nice things about minorities
space exploration, maybe?fuck off elon with your 1960s scifi fantasies.you were on the right track with immortality.
after 10xing my money in bitcoin and being worth a trillion dollars, i would start funding two projects:1.
AI research2.
immortality researcheverything else is suboptimal bullshit
Fuck with government policies, start ww3
So basically Peter Thiel?
>create a charitable foundation, donate for mad tax write offs while funding things I consider to be important in society >invest in space expiration, start my own rocketry company >build a luxury skyscraper and name it after myself >travel the world>build comfy homes around the world and be comfy inside them >shitpost on 4chan so, Russia basically?
I'd probably buy a country
Not even one for ever person on this planet, yetWait....
A lot of drugs
this ugly chink will be lucky to have anything after bcash crashes and bitcoin chages its proof of work to decentralize mining
95.1 BillionHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAAAThe Rothschild Family is worth $500 trillion.
But even they bow to the Bogdanoffs
Feel a girl's breasts.
Like nipples and everything too, if possible.
I’m going to need a quick rundown on these so called bogodoffs
Fund the pursuit of immortalityLike half of the forbes list already does this.
RUNDOWN REQUIRED ASAP
Build a medieval walled island city and shoot non white invaders on sight
buy chicken nugger
I'd like to open a coffeeshop where you a served by mentalky handicapped people (only non-agressive and non-stinking ones though) called Special Interest.
Eugenics.I'd also clone my dog and eventually, myself.
Get a fat dick.
Have my lower ribs removed and suck my own dick.
It's not gay if you don't think about sucking dick, just focus on getting your dick sucked
kek
let's say I happily sold all of my shares, cryptos etc.
I got 90B USD.
How much they gonna take from me in tax form?How much they gonna take from me after a year?How long I will have to sit in courts so they won't tax me anymore?First question is most important.
No its not you fucking commie
4295621Google search Blue Origin, Jeff literally is doing space exploration
Better giv uz a quik rundown then ya git.
You wouldn't have to pay anything.
With $90,000,000,000 you'd be the master of puppets.
You have no idea what 'far left' even means
Considering that Amazon takes like a week to ship my things, yes.
Fuck that.
With $80 billions, I'd fund white interests in my own country to the point it'd turn within years.
Look at what Soros can do with a few hundred millions invested, and this guy is a mentally unstable moron drunk on power.
The current push for diversity is barely maintained above 50% in "democratic" elections with MASSIVE investments from those who seek to destroy western civilization and little opposition from the other side.
Any pushback would tip the population out of this suicidal mentality they don't even want, they just passively accept.
damn, living in mini gondor would be comfy as fuck.
I'd do this too.
find a good woman and travel the world with her.
if no good woman is to be found, then maybe travel with some friends.other than that, buy a decent home, nothing, crazy, something in the 250k range, a nice truck or comfy suv, something that's good for long distance driving.
please go back to pol
Only good an meaningful reply, all nihilist just wanting to shoot themselves with endorphin need to go.However I would try to save mine first but in the meantime I would create a plan B.
Unironically this but instead of white country create a theocracy with Mike "electoral volts" Pence.
You know what to do.
Also with both hands, one for each breast.
make myself taller (am 6ft, wouldn't mind being at least 6'3)>own a comfy house in New Hampshire or somewhere patrician>throw most of it in treasury bonds, investing, crypto, savings>pay off my parents mortgage>buy a new Ford Ranger and refurbish my 1992 one
I'd probably play the shit out of Wo w classic when it comes out
It is when he's a faggot, yeah.
In the Netherlands you have shops which sell brownies where Down syndrome people are hired.
The shops are called Brownies with Downies
I'd buy ChainLinkMaybe travel through Japan and Iceland for a bit also
Tbh I would probably just make sure that myself, friends and family got enough to be comfortable for the rest of our lives, and then use the rest for charitable stuff.
He owns 80 million shares worth 1k each.
This probably most of that calculation.But I'm pretty sure he has more money than that though.
Same with Gates.
It's like if you're measuring your net worth in cryptos.
Which, admittedly, is probably the same as your actually net worth, for the most of us.
this is /pol/
nothingI'd get up, eat breakfast, maybe walk around a bitthat's it
factthey don't "have" 80 billionsthey are worth 80 billionsalso, I'll fund a game, a movie and a manga to influence the youth