Hey guys, I've need finding btc in old wallets using private keys.
It takes time, i've only found around 13 btc in the last 6 weeks prior i was making a lot more (been doing it for 2 years), but it seems worth it as an income on top of trading.
Is there any faster way than just finding private keys and importing them then transferring to my wallet?Anyone with a faster way of doing this or making BTC quicker I will send 5 btc too :)
Great image!
Ive been working on my reef tank for about a year now!
Im so addicted, its the only reason i am in crypto to buy more coral and clams and shit!
Good stuff, thanks anon
Write a python script.
Oh pajeet, I wish you put as much effort into your potty training as you do your scheming.
Maybe we could create an app that would pay you in bitcoin for every time you successfully use the potty and deduct from your account every time you shit on a street.
Pajeets Bitcoin Potty Training App?
What is a python script?I am a 27 year old Aussie, I wish I had the commitment of Pajeet.
Then i might get some bob an vagine
?
?I don't get it.
Where would you get the oldprivkeys from?
Or troll?
a few websites have bulk private keys so i just import them if they have a balance...
It does take a lot of time to find one with any btc, most are empty
And sifting through old wallets in hopes of forgotten scraps is a productive use of your time?
Crypto in its current form offers so many opportunities that'll be gone in a years time.
state?
Which websites for exemple ?
I don’t think it’s real
prlly fake.
larp
directory.io
I have a bot I'm willing to sell that sifts through.
it makes a small amount so depends on your electricity cost.
I'm willing to sell it at a 6mo return on investment.
fuck off retard.
your shitty bot is worth jackshit.
nothing can shift through quadrillions of private keys.
(a quadrillion is 1000 trillions)not to mention that site is laggy as fuck anyway, so your "bot" is worth even less.
How much does it make a day?
is it possible to randomly click one with anything in it?
Can confirm, on average I find up to 2 btc a week in old abandoned wallets.
:^)
Show proof with peg nr and wallet from which you take btc
Funny site.
You can use this, but the chances of finding one which any balance is close to 0http://btcdirectory.azurewebsites.net
Op is larping to sell his shit bot