Stellar ATMs in Singapore, as revealed by Michael Dowling 48 minutes ago.
IBM is putting the game in a chokehold rn
Haha my loomies are mooning.
I love you guys.
nice, just bought 100k
Oh fuck yes, hodling since 0,025$
This too.
Stellar is about to go nuts.
Wow, that guy is about to by 5.29576 XLM.Is it too late for me to buy in?
wow nice, an atm that you... plug into your computer...?
wait... so you can just open it up and take the cash out of it once you get the lumens?
The news is fresh.
Get in.
Plus, read this article: https://www.coindesk.com/aig-launches-blockchain-pilot-multinational-insurance/These pilots were done using IBM's Hyperledger Fabric.
Hyperledger Fabric is the specific project involving Stellar Lumens.You're welcome /biz/.
LMAOI-it will moon... a-any day now!
> tfw 500k loomiesTouchdown dance tomorrow morning
It doesnt even matter.
Stellar is doing more than all the pajeet coins that get shilled here.
Its future is pretty much ensured.
notice anything?
it's already mooned twice in early october, and has had two nice sized swings in november,there was lots of great volitility when the bch/btc shit went down, and we just had a nice move up.overall it's not unusual to see up to a 1 cent swing over a couple of days, which is a 30% move,so yeah, there is plenty of money to make on xlm still if you know how to trade it.I seriously don't get the hate that xlm gets here, and when it's not FUDed it's just flat out ignored despite making big swings and like said, doing more than most other coins in the industry
what are we supposed to be looking at?
Anyone who ignores this deserves to have nogains for life.
https://portal.willet.io/?Why when you sign up do you get 10,000 coins for free?
Is this transferable or is this just a test site?
Are they giving away 10,000 XLM for every new wallet made and people are shilling it up to make a quick buck?
IBM is usually up to these silly PR things.
So fucking happy.
Too bad the coins with the biggest backing have billions in circulation.
Like if this was Kore coin the price would be 0.0150000 sats.
Instead it won't even sniff its ATH.
it's called TESTNET and has no actual functionality, only has xlm listed, no other asset or currency,of course it's a test ya dingus
Coin supply has nothing to do with gains, you're either a big time normie or a FUDder.
You're right, but market cap does, and xlm is over 600 million right now.
Ha it doesn't?
Tell me Anon, name a single coin with billions of coins that's over $1 right now.Thats what I thought.
Not a single coin in crypto land has billions of coins and is over $1.
Now, how many coins have less than 10 Million coins and are worth $1-$350?
Yeah I figured it was a test wallet site or something.
It's going to match or surpass XRP's market cap in short order.
current value is about $0.0358,if it hit $1 then that would be a x28 which is kinda absurd, a x10 would move us to 35 cents a coin.
now take a think and see what kind of marketcap and price would be reasonable given this pace of development and adoption for real world large scale use cases, as well as building an ico platform based around this coin, and make your own decision.
THE WHITE GUY TAKES MONEY OUT OF THE BANK AND THEN GIVES IT TO THE BROWN BITCH AND SHE AND ALL THE OTHER BROWN PEOPLE GET STELLAR BUT HE DOESN'T
I'm gonna but Dentacoin instead.
This.
Nice, bought 50k but I'm getting this feeling I'm late and will get fugged
I just bought some, so it should crash shortly.
I've literally bought coins just to drive them down for people here.
The price per coin is utterly meaningless too.
Except maybe some silly psychological effects.
The only thing that matters in this context is market cap, which means "what percentage of all the coins out there can I buy" and "how much money moving in will it take to double/triple/whatever in price".
10 coins for a dollar each or 100 coins for 10 cents each is the exact same thing if the market cap is the same.
is there a reason I shouldn't just all-in on this shit on a dip and forget about crypto for a year?will its growth outpace bitcoins in 12 months?
This tweet came out after the pump earlier, EXTRA FUEL
4373758did you guys even look at the charts?jeez, put in some of your own research and take a second to think about things before just jumping in.we just had a nice move up today, which has decent support and buy pressure at 500 sat, but it's not too much to reverse over the next couple of days, this is also on the back of a big fin-tech conference.so we've moved up in btc value and usd value in the past day and you don't think to put an order in for a lower price then the current relative high?come on guys, xlm, isn't that hard to do well with,please don'tyou can make nice gains on xlm, but it's not a buy and forget until moon mission.
we're doing well and going up overall, but if you do enough to swing trade this you can do very well.notice how that bottom line is out major support and general trend line, and then look at how high off of that line we move and how we keep moving back to it.
you trade those big swings and you can make serious bank, or you can hold and make gains averaging the slop of that trend-line or a bit higher.
which would you prefer, also note that we aren't likely going to make massive x25 x50 x100 gains over a couple years that the big players make so that should show you that the risk/reward is better for short term hold and swing trading than long term holding
i bought in around 489, do you think selling around 500 is a good idea atm?
I am polonex
Can someone make an argument on how XRP (which has 2x current Circulating Supply and identical overall supply ) is .20 and XLM is less - when XLM has the same amount of partners.
XRP wasn't even 1 cent a year ago.
Help an anon out on not being bullish on XLM?
sssshhhhhStart accumulating.
Chartsok grandpa
When all you have is a hammer everything looks like a nail.
Heh blockchain is going to get completely privatized.
Isn't that the point with sidechains?