>bcc hard fork tomorrow>difficulty will adjust every 10 minutes>bcc will become more profitable>next btc diff adjust in 20 days>btc will exponentially lose hashpower>diff adjustment will turn to 40,80, 160 days>btc will death spiralready?
Wall Street is about to start trading BTC soon.
Nothing will die
I want you to be right.
And Bitcoin is going to be the name given to the coin with dominant hashpower.
the chain with the biggest market cap will be the true bitcoinall it takes is for bcc to be more profitable for 1 hour, then it will all be over, as the multiplier increases vs btc
BCH will not suddenly become more profitable.
In 1-2 days after the fork, maybe.
Not suddenly.
Nope.
Bitcoin is bitcoin.... like Jihan said.
Coming December or January, Japan is going balls deep with industrial scale mining with superior chips to what Bitmain currently offers.
Jihan knows this and the attempt to pump BCH reeks of desperation
You think people like Barry Silbert and Winklevoss twins who have lobbied hard to get BTC onto Wall Street will allow their hard work to be hijacked?
Fucking noob
soz this  was for 
you realise that the diff ajustment will also decrease the time for a adjustment to happen right?
there wont be a doubling of diff adjustment at all.
do you even know how that stuff works?
Give it up coinlets, btc will never die.
appeal to authorityFallacy, opinion discardedThis
none will buy your bags faggotgive up
Bcc will became more profitable to mine IF the price doesnt collapse.If Bcc is more profitable to mine Btc will become more profitable to mine if bcc price doesnt rise as bcc hashrate rises.
Top kek, bcc will be buttons soon
An appeal to authority is not a fucking fallacy you brain dead retard.
Learn a little about philosophy before you respew shit you picked up on the net.
Only an illegitimate appeal to authority is a fallacy, and that's only an informal fallacy anyway.
Stupid prick.
BTC did die when it had 180K transactions backlogged.
It only come back to life because it was more profitable to mine again.The problem being, if BCH gets pumped after this update goes through and becomes better to hash for then BTC there will be no chance for BTC to adjust.Miners have shown to just follow the money.
They do not five a shit about BTC.
They mine what gives them the most shekels.BTC also will not be able to react on time because of the shit difficulty adjustment.
lol Okay.
Barry is selling 200k+ BCH over the next couple of months.
Enjoy the bags
An appeal to authority is 100% a fallacy, literally kys.
Kill yourself brainlet or at least do proper research.
Jesus fucking christ read a basic text on logic or critical thinking you idiot.
'Appeal to authority' is the name of a fallacy and the reasoning is fallacious when the authority is not an acceptable one.
Appealing to a legitimate authority is a perfectly acceptable argumentative tactic and is not fallacious at all.
Using an expert witness in court is not committing a logical fallacy you brainlet.
Experts exist ... authorities exist ... drawing on expert opinion is only illegitimate if its not genuinely expert or if you make incorrect inferences about the status of the claim.>Hurr durr he explained black holes by reference to Stephen Hawking's work ... Appeal to authority man!
Not even going to engage with that shit!
according to your logic in 20 days it'll be 1btc block / minute, also btc will lose logarithmically it's haspower not exponentially, btc will dump at 3k and rally at 10k when wall street gets in in December.
don't forget core boys might have some shit up there sleeves.tl;dr comfy as fuck, get fiat ready for the dip
The reason why the argument is still rubbish is because I do not recognize some nobody in the scheme of the great things significant.
You're the idiot.
It doesn't matter who the authority is, it's always a fallacy.
>B-but the Twinkletoes twins believe in BTC!
lmao!
You know their old lawyer is in the SEC and is now overseeing the new BTC ETF?
She is pro BTC not your Shitcoin cash
Wow, she must be so smart being that she is an authoritative figure.