*moons quietly*
I'm ready
hahahahah ME TOOOOOOOOOO huge volume build up
What's your sell set for?
not sure so far but volume is going up QUICKLY!!!!
Thinking about buying this one the neo moon mission ends.Whats a good price for it?
Is it ever going back to high 3 dollars?
don't tell me the moon mission is overhopefully it's bullish all day
nice id senpai
it just started 20 mins agoyou're early
I have no idea, honestly.
I think it won't go above $5 in this current climate.
Once things stabilize it'll go way past that, especially with the halving coming soon.
Depending on when you bought, I'd sell half at $4.8 then wait and see what happens.
If it goes over $5 sell the other half then buy it again when it dips to $4.10 again.
tfw bought at $1.2Ok, I wanna dump my heavy bags though because I think pappa BTC is about to fuck alts up (it always does whenever things are going good, plus BCH is kill again, so I'm anticipating a rally to $8,500 - it broke 8k already and it's never quiet after a new milestone).I know VTC is gonna get shit loads of hype until the halvening though, so I just hope I'll have a nice re-entrance point if I sell off a lot today.
I don't see it being less than $6 after the halvening, at least temporarily.
GRS moooned yesterday and todayI think the same groups are pumping these coinsso i would say it'll do at least 20% - 25% if you bought between 55 - 60
Lol, you don't give a fuck, you're up 4x-5x whichever way it goes.
Don't bet on BTC going over 8k yet, it isn't time.
If that run two days ago didn't push it over then it's not meant to be this early.
Run to $9k in December, under 8k till then.
My bet.
ETH, on the other hand...
96 bitcoin buywall
THE WHALE JUST SHOWED HIMSELFHAHAHAHAHAHcheck out that buy wall100 BTC
Should I still buy?
($4.51 USD)
up 300 BTC in volume during the past 2 hoursnot bad
you know when they put up a buy wall that big, its not because they expect their order to get filled, right anon?think about what psychological effects that wall will have on people autistically looking at the order book"oh...someone huge wants to buy in...i should buy in befor ehe moves his wall up..."you're about to get dumped on
.51 to 4.58, I missed it
moons
I give a fuck because VTC is the only reason I'm not at a net loss right now, lol.
I've consistently taken small losses on just about everything else, all things considered.
okwe hit 1k in volume ....blast off
It's not really happening is it guys?
expecting another 90% out of the pennant
meanwhile their github is dead (just like every altcoin) and people get involved because "the core devs worked on it" not realising that all the work was because it's just a fork.
I don't understand this shit at all
fuck this coinit was stagnant forever and I sold yesterday
Sold half my stack for Litecoin minutes before it started.>ltc better moons soon>is vtc push over?
It's going down again now
I have no proof, but it really feels like whale accumulation.The daily volume is still fairly large, but the price is almost completely stagnant.
If it moons big over the next week, I wouldn't be surprised in the least
96 bitcoin buywall>sold without looking at chartstay poor.