When you enter the 100k+ LINK club, the world starts to look different.
You realize how superior you are to everyone.
Not just no coiners, but even the vast majority of coiners, who don't understand what you do.
You realize that even people who got rich off BTC and ETH mainly did so because they were lucky.
You realize that the next generation of crypto gazillionaires, the LINK holders, will get there not out of luck.
But out of pure, unfiltered intelligence.
You start to realize just how special you are.I wish you no LINKers would experience my joy.
Some day, maybe, just maybe, you will.
Oh fuck off.
I bought 160k on ED and you know what my experience has been?
Watching 16BTC turn into 4.
Could you share some link to a poor link hodlerI only have just over 5000x35aA53EceF6C3151feE02B8eAeF052e2523a4e48
I have around 200K Link and shit like this makes me want it to fail.
But not really because I want my fucking Lambo.
No.
who the fuck are you, you're not OP
douchebag OP aside, why did you pay 16btc for 160k LINK lol?
you're either really dumb and bad at trading or larping.
Lol I always fall for these while stoned and fomo buy another 0.5-1eth worth of LINK(needless to say that I also pay 4% coinbase fee for card - my 10 000eur card limit is killing me).
Holding over 40k thanks to your shills(maxed out the ico, bought the rest from the crash to.
0007eth and under.Just 13 hours ago I fell for you, but now I'm sober and at school so not buying more link!!!
>tfw only 13k LinkJust kill me please
least you're not super poor fag who can't even break 1k link
We have collectively hit the crypto-lottery.
The only issue I find is figuring out more ways to buy more at the current prices.
4377154Kill yourself.
IEXEC are in talks with many corporations with the Ethereum Enterprise Alliance.
I just market bought another 5K RLC.
Everyone here in 4chan should buy a few hundred bucks worth and hodl for a few years.
It will be one of the best decisions you've made.
Someone explain the rent free in your head meme to me
LOL, my dream.
Senpai teach me.
I don't see why people want link to fail.
Literally 90% of /biz/ would have made it if link moons.
I feel like we can almost form a secret society right now because the current /biz/ members are the future wealth elite.
90% of biz is LINK at this pointyoure not going anywhere
PEAK MALE PERFORMANCE
the absolute state of linkies delusion these days
we should all team up and buy a /biz/ island after chainlink moons
>Tfw only 600 LinkI'm considering upping it to 2k by the end of the year if it holds its current value.
At the very least it will be some stable shitcoin I can keep some money it.
And buying a Lamboland shrine.
Anyone????
100k+ LINK clubWow.
Rank - Cuck,Congrats.
Hahhahahaha.
Yeah, a nice big island with Sergey statues everywhere.
We could just hang out all day, pump millions into shitcoins just because we can and fuck korean whores.
Can't wait.
Why should I invest in LINK( don't DYOR me I know it has a good project but in terms OF ROI is not paying off) when almost everyone in /biz/ is highly disappointed with its returns and what is the correlation of /biz/&LINK here?
did someone spread FOMO and everyone bought it... even thoug
Only the best looking bitches in the world will be sufficient for our pedigree of intelligence and financial wealth and power.
lol you linkies are marines now.
The many.
The broke.
The cucked
Unless Link falls below .15 I'm not getting Cucked at all
If Chainlink goes to .15 I'm buying $80K worth and will hold for a few years.
Us Linkies are all going to make it, chainlink will be $10 by 2018 and $25 by 2019.
checked
Smart move.
Even if it only reaches 1 USD you'd be making a good chunk of money
Because holding does that.
People say they miss moons but what are the odds they would have been on them?
If they were the type to jump on and exit moons at the right time they would already be rich.
More importantly they would have dumped Link if they had the wherewithal to know when a moon starts and ends.It's the equivalent of getting into a relationship and then being mad you can't fuck the cute girl at the deli when in reality you were never going to fuck her even if you weren't in a relationship.
Checked.
Praise Kek for our newfound wealth!
I'm with you, although I dont have 100k link like you.
This time next year we're millionaires.
Feels awesome
3888888you morons don't know shit about chaos meme magic, kek and shit
Teach us wise one
Its been around for a month and a half.
Most of 4chan is ADHD cucks who can't pay attention long enough to take a piss.
They want instant gratification and that's just not how organic growth really works.
The original investors pull out whe they meet their price targets, they dump, the next group of people buys that dip and sells at X price target.
Once you break a certain point of resistance though, those people get fucked from those god gains when the normies flow in.
Chainlink was the lesson I learn about selling the news.
Man did that went bad, had a nightmares.
praise be
Oh shit!
It's going to happen.
Now I need to figure out a way to buy $80K worth of Chainlink
I like the analogy of fucking the cute girl, thank you.
>have 200 linkAm I gonna make it?
it's 10% of my portfolio.
You should know that SWIFT has no intention of using Blockchain nor ChainLink for several years to come.
<^Coming from SWIFT board themselves
lol.
dat meme tho
evidence?
You show me proof and I'll sell all my 300K link right now.
it's just more "hurr yes LINK will moon but not for 18 years!!!!"
FUD.
it's pretty good when even the FUDers admit that mooning is inevitable though.
The guy made a poor attempt at FUD.
He knows this fucking coin will fly to Mars
wanting to sell his lottery ticket because someone else is too full of himself.What are you?
Fucking 12 years old?That is the beautiful thing about LINK and why it is comfy to hold despite all the wild swings.
There is literally not a single piece of FUD that could be considered rational and argumentative valid paired with some proof.
It is nothing but garbage memes, lies and wrongful accusations.So if someone manages to have the necessary IQ of 90+ to see beyond that, he might just invest in some LINK and hold them.
There is no reason to not grab a small amount at least and let it sit in your portfolio for some months, even when you're not fully convinced.
MAKKKKKKKKKKKINFG IT
All Hail our CryptoGod SERGEY!
feel the same.
just have 150k though.
could kms srsly.
i hate this shitcoin but somehow i also love it.
FUCK
do you guys think it's a larp or does any of you remember the things he's talking about?
It can't be more of a larp.
Larp.
4/10 FUD actually but just random garbage from an argumentative point of view.
/pol/ has no incentive to do what he said
he sounds literally insane
not posting the one with the military salute for those fallen in battle.You had one job anon
Someone red pill me on link
See Mainstream smart contracts Decentralised and secure (at every node including oracle)This is also more cost efficientCan seriously go $100+ per LINK
me owning 800k link made me so fucking delusional that i lost over 100 btc holding all the way down and selling at the bottomdont drink your own kool aid kids
RentFree
I always check the prices and it always shows rlc in the green and THE SAME PRICE.
Is this the perfect coin for margin trading?
Seems like the price is always the same.
invests hundreds of thousands of dollars>waits exactly 1 month to see returnno, you didn't.
That math doesn't make any sense.
Top price for 800k LINK was $400,000.
Bottom was $128,000.
Worst you could have done was $272,000 lost, which even then I find highly unlikely.
larp.
kys
i doubled down on my losses by buying bcc at the peaknot even fucking kiddingconsider suicide hourlyi am not even in the 21 btc club anymore
my only hope is hitting a big ico multiplier
Bullshit.
They are using blockchain for anti fraud starting Q2 2018
You had one job DON'T FUCKING SELL
shills will never stop, op you will burn in hellpeople, buy stratis and dont listen to this moronic beast
thishe broke the First Rule of Chainlink
be me>hear about bitcoin in '09>have shitty parental controls on computer >beg parents to let me mine it>"anon, this machine is a very expensive piece of equipment.
We don't have a spare $500 lying around to replace it if you install a virus.
">be me again some time later>hear about eth>"lol what a stupid idea.
You guys are a bunch of fags for buying at an ath ($1.50)>decide its going somewhere>buy in at $5, cash out before it hit 20I-is this the next big one, senpai?
That's not op.
That's the other retard that predicts the price of bitcoin and thinks he's smart.
4378787
ThisI was bored so I day traded for like an hour, so I'm up to 580-ish link now.
But the returns from that are shit.I honestly kinda want BTC to peak at $10-15k, then slowly telegraph that it's going to fall so my retarded ass can cash out, then plummet down and stay down until after LINK moons.
That'd be swell, thanks.
You and I are alike anon.
I sold 21 BCC at $320 a piece to buy Link at ATH.
Dude relax anything above 10k LINK is Lamboland