Do you think I should invest more in alts?
Umm...you dont even have DGB...
That's because I dumped it like a week ago
>he isn't holding LINK
He isn't a deluded linkie
Poorfag thread?Poorfag thread.
who here /all in on alts/?
Well?
how did you get the percentage bars?
>diversify 500€.K.
Bad news: you probably won't make it.
i'm still mad at blockofolio for reorganizing my coins after the update
Tap the three dots in the top right and select "Show Percent Holdings"

Started with 3k 8 months ago
Good luck
Comfy.
Why no eth?
odn, cnd and rlcdo you literally fall for every shilled pajeetcoin?
?RIP

Sold all 76 eth yesterday, expecting the "news" to cover the parity issue as a hack.
Also, I need no eth in order to hedge against btc potentially self destroying as I have 0.4 btc on bitmex ready to short wit a x25 leverage to cover any losses.
I see.
Join our pump n dump discordhttps://discord.gg/FY9uneU
Yeah I feel hard for ODN and CND, lost 50% on both.
Loaded up some more ODN though, thinking about selling CND, dunnoRLC is a recent buy and I feel good about it
what were your holdings before where you turned 3k into what you have now?
64k>all alts/shitcoinsfuture pink wojak here
I had like 140K usd in shitcoins before the recent bear market, did some stupid shit.
I doubt these shitcoins can go down even more.
Gotta YOLO it now
I feel poor
lol>ARK and LINKstay poor nigger
NeomarineNeo has a special place in my heart.
Hope it recovers.
>inb4 i need more linkbecause I do
X25 leverage?Please explain what that is my dude
DYOR
Is Blockfolio down for everyone or is it just my shit phone?
Can't fucking refresh it
I'm not a hodlerI bought the dip, i'm going to earn about 2k when it goes back to 32$.
Rate
>fiat value going up>BTC value going down>tfw had over 3 BTC a few months ago>tfw if I sold my alts and just held BTC, I'd have an extra $12k in my portfolio right nowNOOOOOO
How do you get those blue lines in Blockfolio?
Is blockfolio laggy as fuck for everyone else today?
Taking forever to refresh.
Mine laggs too
Will I make it /biz/?
Got another 1,5k I can spend, was thinking about Vertcoin, whatya think?
4250823its almost like one of the most significant events in the largest most reputable crypto on blockfolio just happened and transactions/prices are going wild...
Is anyone elses blockfolio fucking fucked right now?
4251040lmao
comfyIKR loool HODL!
How much is your LINK worth now friend?
+50% feels good man.
USD for 82776 LINKsI decided to scoop up a few more moments before the moon.
Why the fuck do you Europeans use commas and periods in the wrong places?
I've been holding since August I am ready
Sell those USD.
Worthless.
me too, i have an iphone i just deleted the app and reinstalled but i just lost all my blockfolio transaction history
They're actually in the Bitconnect loan so I chose to log them like that
im poorer than all of u guys
At least you've started, good job.