>hst>gvt>astro>pblwho getting JUSTed here?
>ODN>LINK>OMGI'm getting partially justed, wish I had just stayed in core stuff though.
i cant even sell my fucking ASTRO because of its really low volume.
my sell order isnt getting filled fuck
How are you getting just on hst unless you're an idiot
HST is mooning bro.
everything else you mentioned belong in the trashcan anyways.seriously if you wanna make it just buy ETH, RDN, LINK and REQ.
how is this so hard to follow?
literally just gotta buy these 4 coins/tokens and hold for 3 to 5 years
im holding 3 of those coins as well.
bought link and req during the ico :(bought when it first hit ed around 0.00088 eth
>NEO>MTL>QSP>soon BCH probably
maybe if you didnt buy garbage you wouldnt get JUSTed
bought when it first hit ed around 0.00088 ethIt didn't hit ed at 0.00088 lmao it hit ED at 0.0003, I know because I'm one of the first who bought and shilled it here
i bought it the day it hit ed, obviously not straight away
same, except only gvt and pbl.
Still, both coins have a tiny mcap for what they are worth, just hold for at least a month anon
So how are you getting JUSTed?
Its trading at 0.00078 atm and is only going up from here
because its lower then when i bought in?
thought that was pretty obvious
That''s not getting justed that's losing money.
Getting justed would be the coin value dropping to 0.0004 and only falling further from there.I bet you're only losing like 100 dollars lmao
what does JUST & NEET mean?
you arent the authority on what defines getting JUSTed m8
he says he's getting justed by HSTNext time don't buy at ATH.
It's the rule of thumb for any coin, not just HST.But fortunately you bought HST instead of a random useless shitcoin.
It will be listed on Binance soon (Proof ).
Be patient and you will not only break even, but also make profit.
hst>pblCome on OP, have some patience and dignity.
Stop whining just wait and you'll have your Xs gainz
>all in REQFinally for one day I'm not getting joost'd.
Feels so fucking good.
HST is interesting, don't give up on it.
LINK will probably get there too.
You made a thread complaining about a 0.0001 eth drop, I could just you an autist but I wanted to be nice
Just wait you impatient fuck