Will this shitcoin ever have a green day?Seriously LINKies, I trusted you and invested in LINK - and this is what I get?
Daily red?
Fuck you.
just w8 m8 that' no b8
Holding strong with my 25k link bought at 0.25$
nice stack, keep on hodling brother
>SWIFT partnership>it's the new ETH>$80 per Link in 2019kekPeople are really this stupid
It's just not the best time to hold ALTs, we'll be good when BTC corrects/crashesin the end those that are patient will get rewarded
Honest advice.
I believe in chainlink but I also believe it will take a long time and will continue to tank until it does something.
Sell now at a loss and buy back in later?
never sell at a loss, if you're gonna sell be it a portion of what you have to buy back lower inmediatly (to accumulate)
I get this, but WTF.
Holding makes you "at a loss", right?
So why hold anymore?Every day the number of sats per LINK goes down.
Might as well sell and hodl Bitcoin.
Sell now at a loss and buy back in later?That's why I did.
Feels great.
I could market buy my way back in at a profit right now if I wanted.
You could wait for a mini pump to sell, or just dump it now - either way you'll be happier tomorrow when it goes down another few percent but you still have the same amount of BTC.
chainlink right now
power ledger right now....
I can't fall for this anymore.
Thinking LINK will go up is a losing game...
The FUD at its peak>cucks on slack whining about muh lack of communication>Sergey gives no fucks adding to the BURNI absolutely fucking love it, Sergey is shaking weak handed faggots like you would shake your neighbour's fruit treeI cannot wait till those stupid desperate slack whining faggot will start dumping their bags at a 3x loss straight into my hands, DO IT FAGGOTSdamn, gotta love Sergey
being this deluded>idolizing an overweight philosophy major>still drinking the LINK kool-aid regardless of daily lossesLINKies are the worst type of people
Hmmm.. Not a nolinker nor a trader here, in fact I made that picture you just posted but listen, it doesn't make any sense to hold link while BTC breaks ATHs constantly.
This is not 2016 anymore,myou cant afford to hold alts.
We got two months of nothing ahead of us, the price will keep going down, just sell and rebuy in January.
With btc hitting probably 9k by then you will be ale to buy way more link than what you have now
Literally just sold half my stack.
I don't see this going anywhere until 2018.However given my nature I expect there to be some announcement in the next few days which shoots it back up to 5k or more.I always break right before it moons.
literally a 2 man team attempting to do what hasn't been done with no way of knowing if it can be done at all and yet /biz/ is in love with this coin.
These deluded linkies are going to be bag holding for years and they don't even know it.
2 man teamYou mean like Google or Apple?>with no way of knowing if it can be done at allWhat?
ICO price was 5k sat wasn't it??
Ouch man 50% haircut from ICO Jesus Christ my condolences.
You gotta dump those bags before it gets that bad dude, but just hold, my biggest regret is dumping antshares at like 320k sat in late July
Just sold my whole stack, gonna chase these pumps and buy back later...Fuck it.
comparing an ERC20 token to google and appleThe epitome of a mong LINK holder
55k at 40c here
hurrdurr it's just an ERC20 token!And money is just cotton paper.Brainlet.
Linkies bought between 15-35 here
hah you're not holding LINK?
you must be a brainlet!!
>total value of LINK portfolio down another 5%lmao
Xerox said the same thing about Apple.
I didn't call you a brainlet because you're not holding Link.Learn to brain, brainlet.
I like how you're still trying to sling insults after getting BTFO'dYou LINKies are great entertainment
reddit spacing
I'm like 45% btc, 35% LINK right now,you don't have to preach to me about btc, I started as a maximalist die hard hodler thinking it'll go to 500k or something, but things change, a big ass correction will probably eventually happen, also what if wall street fags decide to short the fuck out of btc when it hits CME?
normies are already picking up on the tether/bitfinex drama.Also with btc being as expensive as it is right now, normies pretty much cannot afford a full 1 btc anymore, so they will just happily buy 0.2 or something, and guess what happen once every normie has his sweet ass comfy chunk of btc, whether it's 5 of them or 0.05?Everyone starts to wait, hoping it'll moon, but how, when there is no new money coming in because every fucker has already bought?The greater fool theory will end sooner or later.
It'll correct like a mother fucker once the panic ensues.I'm sure there won't be any news this year.
Actually all the news will probably pretty much come at once, when they launch the main net.So why not wait untill then you may ask?well this market is stupid but not THAT stupid, many people already have LINK at the back of their heads willing to jump back in the beginning of 2018.
I expect a trend reversal in late december
I swing traded my 25k link stack to a nice 70k and my 50k req to 75k.
I won't risk selling link because I know I won't time the market right when it moons.
because you never know when a major announcement will come and when it will start to moon.
If you sell now you'll be too late whenever that happens
Sergey is alternating between eating Big Macs and snorting cocaine off of black BBW booty cheeks while Rory is furiously stroking his pencil dick in the corner.
That’s why all his “updates” trying to hide the fact that this project is a complete debacle are riddled with typos.
Steve is the only one trying.
He’s locked away in his moms basement trying to learn GO.
It’s such an obscure and asinine language that he can’t find the documentation he needs.
He’s about to snap.
He keep frantically calling Sergey.
Sergey only texts back, “new phone, who dis” and “32 million solves my oracle problem.” Get out
Bought 1.5k in the pre-sale.
Do I sell while I'm up?
why even bother with pennies?
I am a university student doing this for funzies
Dont sell, just hold until they actually have a product, you have nothing to lose (1,5K link)
If anyone thinks Link will announce any partnership with a large institution, you are deluded.
The large company would not allow this.
They would do a join announcement at the most.
Every day the number of sats per LINK goes down.
Might as well sell and hodl Bitcoin.should've done that ages ago, not at the absolute bottom when BTC is way overdue for a correction.
well that's basicly what I said.I'm holding becuase I feel it'll pick up momentum around new year without any news
You're hilariously retarded.
ETH went from $2.83 to $0.63 in 2 months.
Now look where it is.
Remember that LINK has only been on the market for 2 months.
If you're really this impatient you shouldn't be investing in long term projects, stick to your pump-and-dump coins.
lmao fuck off.
this never happened to eth.
keep coping linktards
Look at the chart brainlet
Thinking about buying 1k link.
Will I be rich in 5 to 10 years time?
nigger wtf, you have to be joking
dude...


just fuck off, ok?
did biz shit on ETH the same way during the bearish phase?>he didn't sell ETH at $3>only one meth addict working on the project>should've bought digibyte for easy x20
i was here when eth went from 17$ to 30$, and believe me, there was link amounts of FUD.
I take that as a good sign
I got around 3,000 LINK @$0.16Still convinced I just need a bit of patience.We are going to make it.
sell guys, sell linksthere is no future for them
LINKS CRASh SELL SELL SELL
Sell everything now.
Shit is a scam.
linkies have always been fucking retarded, how do people still fall for this?
deluded fucks think they're actually going to be rich some day and causing others to FOMO and lose out for it
45084324508455Lmao, Link fuders getting desperate.
The coin fuds itself with that price lmao
Then why are you here?
45084324508455POO IN LOO RAJESH
SELL SELL SELL SELL SELL
>People sell link while its slowly dropping>weeks later>an inkling of news about link comes out>people on /biz/ fomo out of their minds>mfw bought at 1900
Why don't people just sell this shite?
Seriously.
disgusting fucking linktard this shit isnt going anywhere but down, MAYBE ill buy at 1 sat.
dumb nigger.
SELL SELL SELL
4508525wow, link fudding in full overdrive now.
buy at 1 satYou're dumber than a dead animal if you plan to buy any coin at 1 sat
To get a good laugh.
Can't really help it anyways when every other thread has been link related for a month
holy shit who are paying all these fudding brownskins?
POO IN LOO
Awwww, did the little linkie threads hurt your feewings?
How come all 4chan is head over hrels bout REQ 5% moon but LINK 30% rally is ignored?Have you guyz deleted it from your blockfolio?
LINK 30% rally is ignored?What 30% rally are you talking about?
LINK is just one market sell away from new recent lows.
I CANT WAIT DAY LINK GOES PARABOLIC./BIZ WILL BE AWSOME PLACE, MEMES GONNA RAIN.I DON'T CARE WHEN, I JUST LOOKING FORWARD TO IT.
IT'S GONNABEEPIC./rentfree
this
i bought link just for that and memes
im pretty sure many of the die hard LINK holders have killed them self already
Yeah I honestly can't wait.
We are in for some of the most hilarious pink wojaks in biz history when LINK truly moons.
It's gonna be fucking fantastic.
Fucking hell, had a kek
not the best time for alts>btc has to crash firstwat?
so is btc gonna go up or alts?
its almost always one or the other, senpai
You'd have to be retarded to sell at these prices unless it is for a coin you feel extremely strongly will have 50%+ growth in the next week.
It's way oversold at this moment and when things turn this will launch fast.
Sell at 1.8k and it's not unlikely it moons to 3k overnight for one reason or no reason at all.
Then you will have to buy back in for half the Link, on top of the massive losses you took already.
If you are selling you should buy using BNB and buying back in like 2% lower tops on every dip to grab more Link.
Woaw that's a nice chunk!
i would sign for that, only been able to scope 2-3k on the side when it jumped a little bit, sitting comfy at 51k right now, looking for the next jump to scoop up a little more
News about what?
We finally hired someone after two months of looking?
That they've started the long journey to rewrite their code?
This argument was used the entire way down from 8k Its pretty clear nothing is happening
If they started rewriting from scratch, I can safely assume there won't be a major announcement for a while.
Maybe months.
It's hard to imagine it going any lower even on bad news but I never thought it would see this low in the first place, but do what you want.
I'd rather ride it to 0 than have sold at the bottom and watch it 10x the next week.
I already did that with Walton lul, never again.
At this point I don't care about the losses, I'm in it for the memes.
I'm riding LINK to either 1 cent or 10 dollars.
You're hilariously retarded.
>Proceeds to compare ETH to an ERC20 token that is basically vaporware in its current statemmk brainlet
it is feeling more and more like vaporware, i thought they had a fucking working project back when the ico launched
They did.What do you think they used for the Swift PoC?Way to prove you didn't even do 5 minutes of research.
They had a working proof of concept Still further ahead in development than a lot of other ICOs though that's for sure Sorry Linkies but you didn't really deserve this fate
I bought a long term hold>Can’t hold for more than a few days>Fuck you, /biz/!
$10 by the end of the year

Wow +50% growth, which means only 70% down from its ath.
Amazing prospects.
4506599FICKLEICKLEthe very definition of buy high, sell low, weak hands, and reacting emotionally
I've held for a month, and it's been entirely a disappointing experience