you should exit BTC asap, here is why:>tether scam might collapse any minute>bitconnect scam ponzi pyramid might collapse any minute>BCH can flip BTC when the right people decide its time>new US/EU/CHINA government's massive, unbearable regulations any of those will kill BTC and will set it back to sub 1k$its a matter of time until we will see the biggest earthquake to date in crypto marketsPROVE ME WRONG
I hope you are right, I traded all my bitcoins in the last month, some I've been holding since 2010.
>BCH can flip BTC when the right people decide its timehow are your bags?
worth buying if it hits 1k?
Btc made a lot of people rich.
A lot of them are hackers and will do all they can to stop all these things you mentioned.
tether uncertainty is actually being reported:>https://cointelegraph.com/news/rapid-increase-in-tether-supply-raises-concerns-of-manipulation-creative-accounting
Deep down we already known anon but we won’t listen
Did you make any good trades at least?
If btc dies, how do we buy alts?
Usdt probs dies at the same time and pedo eth is looking shaky plus doesn't have too many pairs.
Could be mayhem shortly.
no, after the storm a new king will rise
The whole last week was constantly proving you wrong bitch.
I sold BTC low , woke up - it went up 230$.
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Or they'd just switch to BCH and get 6x their money while they let retards from r/bitcoin hold their bags.
If they're l33t hackerz they should spot the critical weaknesses and bail rather than patch the titanic.
i have a rly small amount of btc and that wouldn't affect me

A scam in cryptos?
No way!!!
so not bitcoin offshoots?
cash, gold etc.
>BCH can flip BTC when the right people decide its timeHedge funds already ruled against BCH and dumped their shares.
deludedif normies pull out of btc whole market is fucked
BCH can flip BTC when the right people decide its timedo you know what decentralized mean?
bought a lot of BCH below .1.
Bought a ton of XLM which I'm up on, and some ETP which I'm down on
imagine if the all the banks come together and use propaganda against crypto.all the normies would freak and dump.
>flipsure is dumb money in hereethereum has a significantly better chance of "flipping" with bitcoin that bch ever did, and ever will.
and the chance of either of those things happening is so low you'd be an idiot to try and trade it.
ethereum>not NEOwew lad
44265874426458okay so what about the other points I made?
This makes me want to start in ICO
China already regulated, and it went down for like a week.US won't regulate, many of their top people are already in this.
They are creating the CME and maybe ETFs soon.Australia and Japan have actually approved of them, Europe says it's useless to fight it.Bitconnect will collapse, some people will lose their money.
Not a big deal, they knew the risks, and it's a small part of cryptoTether scam is the only one that gives me uncertainty, but it's not 100% pure scam.
I mean, there might be a bank with the USD, and if that's the case, the government knows about it.
And if not, then they know it's a scam already and will stop it soon.
At any rate, we'll find out soon enough
tether will only cause a huge pump in bitcoin as peopel rush to exit tether, we saw this last time tether got unpegged.bitconnect is unrelated, and that will only deter a fraction of the retail money onlyregulations aren't looking bad at all, china is slowly opening back up under a proper framework, american isn't doing anything, theyre even opening up more ETFs and derivatives.not heard of any eu regs
i think its more likely neo finds a chinese niche, theyre doing interesting things bridging the gap between fiat and crypto with fees and identifiable assets, but it can't work on a global scale, so they're going to have to stick to working under chinese laws only
That's the thing tho all the dumb money could cause the flip.
Snow ball effect
You can buy all alts with ether pairing already on most big exchanges.
They'll be adding BCH pairings soon.
But then they're smart money because they accurately predicted the flip.Hmm.
alts are also going to tank a lot..
dinosaur coin is heavily manipulated to stay on top.
I cant stand this outdated shitcoin any longer.
I want my alts to moon.
4426464>see attachement
This is gonna be worst than Mt Gox.
already priced in