>possible arbitrage opportunity if I can get my BCH from Polo to Kraken in timely manner>Bought BCH $1840 on Polo, order book says selling for $2100 on Kraken minutes later, BCH deposit "success" but still no BCH in acct.
mins later, BCH avail for trading in my acct>orderbook still shows $2000 top bid>sell order not going through>reattempt multiple times while top bid is still above $1840>error message everytime>watch price plummet in minutes
Same hereAvoid
I'm honestly moving away from Kraken.
This is truly terrible.
I can't even log in.
4316407Any other large European exchanges without ridiculous verification demands?
Messing with kraken has been one of my biggest trading mistakes.
It will fail you when it matters most.
It controlled by the same chinks that did all this bullshit.
They just really do a bad job.
I feel like its run by 2 stoners and a chicken.
Is there a better exchange that allows fiat trading?
bitstamp
Kraken sucks, and I have raged against it many times, but they make it easy to margin trade cryptos against USD, which is actually rare.I've learned a kind of Zen about how to deal with their shitty api.
It's possible to trade alright in spite of it.
Another advantage is that it'll slap your hand before you make a stupid mistake with how bad it works.
Yes, my ass has been saved by Kraken's shitty api more than once.
How is Poloniex?Just logged into an old unused account.
I think I'm going to transfer everything there, unless someone objects.
I feel like its run by 2 stoners and a chickenThat's the cryptocurrency supervisory committee.
Y'all know this whole shitfest is gonna get shut down shortly, r-right (?)
Nah man, Guilherme, Jochen, and Charlie, they're my homies.
They can always tell me how they are working around the clock to make their trading engine better.
afaik it's one of the only exchanges trading in more than BTC&ETH w/fiat pairs that is not in an imminent danger of bankruptcy should the market collapse
They locked my account for using a VPN but resolved it in 9 days because I didn't spam their helpdesk like a fucking autist and was polite in my request to access my funds.
I had used it for over a year before that with no issue, switched to Bittrex for BCH airdrop and better autotrading as Polo started lagging hard.
Their UI speaks for itself.