Get in before it moons.
this fake is so obvious
fake Big T is fake
I demand one million EOS
Possession of it is ITS not IT'S.
This is the shittest fake, learn some English you pajeet.
Literally screen shotted from the URL don't know wtf you idiots want
holy shit its real
hahaha before it moons?it mooned a week ago.
i bought at 76 cents.prob should have held it mind you...but its already being dumped since this post..
Fake and gay kys
Yep totally fake alright.
Fuck you guys
Fs.
Was going to buy some EOS the other day - basically cos Larimer project, and they're always awesome - but decided on EDO instead.
Made slight profit on that but EOS is great project by proven team and now pumped by these fucking assholes?
Absolute moon.
Fuckit, I've sold my (slightly profitable) ENJ bag despite potential of it 2xing with Binance comp to jump on this.
ENJ is a decent hold, but EOS is something I'm very bullish on regardless of PBC.
will it pump more or this is it?
People are accumulating right now.
According to the report buy it under $1.60
Pretty pathetic pump if this is all there is to it PMC is on it's way out.
PBC doesn't come out until Thursday.
Enjoy the pump and dump if you're dumb enough to believe this shit.
its a buy alert, these come inbetween issues as well.
see XLM
This same thing happens every time.
I think it's a war between holders of PBC.
Some leak it, while some try to disprove it trying to keep the advantage.
I've noticed the trend already, every time there's a real leak (I know because I actually do get PBC) there's a ton of FUD that instantly invades the thread.
Interesting, and unsurprising.
There's an obvious advantage to subscribers from 'leaking' the tips once they've all bought - but presumably they've got too many rich retards on board to sort their lives/portfolios out in any kind of co-ordinated manner so impatient/epathetic ones end up leaking before some of said rich retards have chance to really buy in.
that mindset is just retarded
So is this mooning soon or what?
It's been stuck on 1.60-1.63 for an hour now.
The amount of fake "leaks" is huge.
There are a lot more fakes than there are real leaks.
The real ones will always have a shit ton of fud.
The fake ones only have shills.
The real pump was last night...
Went from 1.15 to 1.60 and then settled around 1.45.
Now they are trying round 2 so they can unload the rest of their bags.
Which mindset?
I've described 2 possible PMC subgroups and an overarching/uniting one which is basically >"if we leak, we get immediate pump from likes of /biz/ and plebbit retards".
its not on bittrex or an issue call so I assume it will take longer to moon.
Good news is it wont drop below $1.60 until it moons since people will buy it up back to that level.
Oh well.
EOS is something I don't mind holding.
the mindset behind those who leak so soonthere was thread get nuked when the dude leaked literally within 5mins after the pick got out
Is this a rising wedge?
Ok so show the URL in the screenshot faggot pajeet
Got ya bro.
I'd expect PMC - or at least it's subscribers - to be making some effort to weed out guys who leak too early.
So don't buy now then?
its real but im not buying that shitcoin
It's real dude.
It's ok, you spent on a subscription and want to cover it up.
Relax.
I remember when people made fun of people who posted Teeka Atari
SO BUY NOW OR WHAT?
does this LOOK LIKE A FUCKING RISING WEDGE OR NOT
too late, the alert was sent an hour and a half ago
It's a solid project given what it aims to do and guys behind it (Larimer inc) and if PMC stuff is true it'll moon.
But if you want likelier quick bucks/PnD given uncertainty on EOS just go buy ENJ, HST, ARN, or BCPT rn.
not letting the game come to you
It's not real because he doesn't say where to buy it.
He always says what exchange to buy it from.
He only recommends coins/tokens on Bittrex and has picked on from Binance.
He has told people not to use poloniex.FAKE
Seems legit
It says it right there.
He never says to store on MyEtherWallet.
They recommend the Jaxx wallet.
They only recommend the Jaxx wallet unless the coin can't be stored there.Also he would NEVER suggest that anyone buy from Kraken or especially Liqui.
Ok, don't believe me.
That was a screenshot from my own PBC.
Feel free to not believe me.
I was surprised to, but that's what it is.
I don't believe you because I am subscriber.
Hahaha.
Sure dude.
Sure.
You are either a subscriber and lying right now for some secret reason.
Or you're a fucking larp.
You're probably just a larp.
Pretend more retard.
Sorry you don't have enough cash to actually subscribe.
I have probably been a subscriber much longer than you.
Tell me what month ANS was first recommended.
You should be able to by looking at the past issues.
He lies because it's been on 1.60 for 2 hours.
I gotta go sleep in 30 min so i'll leave this with minimal gain.