Some of you guys are alright... POWR about to pump prior to PBC announcement.
Get in before 8500 and dump at 10k for a quick flip
well, at least you're honest.
We are happy to P&D with you lol.
Better than the fake shill threads with 'I geib XXX post address' in them.Unless you are not honest and PBC said it was power!
Just shut the fuck up pea-brain who needs everything explained to him.
Want us to wipe your little ass also?
LOL, it is easier this way.
You really think the people who get caught in P&Ds will; not fall for it still?
You, sir, are the pea brain.
yESSSSSBUYLET ME DUMP MY BAGS ALL OVER YOU!!!
That's the point.
OP said this 500 stats ago, you could have easily made 1%
wtf are you even talking about... what are you 14?
Learn to communicate.
you mean 0.5%lest we forget the feeeeees
what is "PBC"???
Aye, true.
Added to my stack and sold 50% at 19200 so happy either way.
Thnx random Anon!
You won't get my bags that easily pajeet.
I'm in POWR for the long hodl.
if you want them, you can buy them from me at $38 per coin.
added nearly 3% to my stack in the end.
not bad.
It'll prob all dump now with PBC but meh.
Happy to sell at 17000 if it does.
POWR tankingAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
WOW now thats a dump LMAO
THANK YOU BASED P&D group for 10% lol
paid by client?
Palm Beach Circulation
lol put another 1.5k on 8700sats now my ass hurts
Holy fuck it's crashing so hard.
Sold my whole stack and couldn't be happier
Guessing it wasn't POWR then... or was it?!
only people in the know allowed in the treehousejust like life
The fuck does one buy POWR anyway?
Literally fucking Google it.
But since I'm feeling decent after making my money on this, Bittrex or Binance.
Etherdelta too
does one buy POWR anyway?Binance
You can pay to be in the know.
I think its 5 grand.
I am still buzzing.
Sold at 1700 and rebought at 13593.
If it is POWR and not the other shit ppl are saying them Jesus that was good for me.
If not then meh, nothing lost really.
Learn to fucking communicate retard.
Poo in da loo.
Why are you people always so angry?
Writes like a fucking nigger>Calls other people pooJesus christ
4472082thank you
Get in before 8500 and dump at 10k>Immediately dumps at 8500Fucking faggot cock sucker.
Sleep in your bathtub tonight.
you know what they saybuy high sell low
Is your life worth $800?
I mean, I'll get it back in a few days of trading... but you still need to die.
RIP
I was already in since .30 cents
Jesus is nothing compared to Sergey.
Prophet of the one true god KEK.
>Praise him.>one of us.>one of us.>one of us.>Sergey is love, Sergey is life.
LOL.
Stay poor faggot.
I believe in POWR as a project but just DUMPED on you fools during this volatility.
I will reenter after today's insanity becomes stable.
you're not supposed to believe the amounts, just that they are pumping and dumping.
sold 1700, rebought 1350 and just sold again at 1700 lol.
I also got a bit of action at the top of the pump.
It still might be PBC tho so...
No fucking shit they were pumping n dumping.
Are you retarded?
Why does every newfag dumbfuck spam "pump in dump" 80 times a day.
Seriously, shit the fuck up... god damn.
Like a bunch of fucking niggers.
you're not supposed to believe the amountsWho the fuck talks like this?
Some kind of retarded baby speak.
the /biz/ hivemind has finally broken an innocent personI'll be real with you, you need to get out of /biz/.
everything shilled here is stupid except some rare opportunity.sort coinmarketcap by what has gone down the most in the last week and research that coin.
Some of you guys are alright.
Stay clear of OP... bad things are about to happen to him.
Click click bang bang
Why do you think I don't know what a pump 'n dump is?
I don't get it.Innocent person?
wtf are you talking about.
I gotta start following my instincts more readily.
I could've been up 12 grand on this already.
FUCK.
KILLLL MEEEEEHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHA'JUST KILLE ME
OH FUCK HERES THE RUSH FOR THE EXITS AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
>tfw stuck with another good ol' bag
Same...Fucking hell people dumped it hard.
It'll be back though.
He is a very angry 'person' lol..
The issue isn't the P&D, dipshit.
The issue is this faggot coming along saying it drops at 10k.
So instead of selling at my normal 5% maximum loss ratio, I held on thinking it was a bluff to get everyone to freak out before rocketing to 10k.Normally I would have been out at 5% loss.
That is why this faggot needs to die.
Aye made my first FOMO buy at 8.7ksats with 1.5k and my ass is so sore now for the fuck sakes why did I do it.But I believe in powr, it'll moon on some day and now its just waiting
You should absolutely never fucking ever trust any prediction by anybody ever on biz.Maybe they turn out right but they may as well turn out wrong.And dont let them stuff like>IF YOU DONT KNOW THIS THEN YOU MUST BE 100% RETARDEDthrow you off.
Yup...
You are fucking stupid man.
You actually believed some random OP and took his words literally but worst of all, it looks like you sold at a loss.
I was retarded and didn't bother setting a stop loss because I didn't expect a dump this hard.
Anybody else swingtrading this?
it's literally free money.
i keep buying at 6.5k and sell at 7.5k
I'll have my losses back by midnight you retarded faggot.
I rode all the way to rock bottom and back up 70% again.
Do you think you're smart because you just read something that I myself wrote?
Fucking reactionary dumb nigger.
Mmm lot of salty retards.
It was obviously never going to sustain hype.
Still a wonderful project that now has a lot of attention on it.
Still a good med term hodl after this dump ends.
Nah I just think youre a newfag who needs a cold showerLearn from your mistake and be less dumb next time
Yea I'm not selling.
I never do... but this one time, the charts and momentum all agreed with OP.
No idea why they decided to dump at 8500 instead of 10k.... 10k would have been much better and logical.
Bunch of fucking sloppy amateurs.
we are the Power Rangershttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Wt6XlVob_E
lmao, did you just call the whole market retarded?
Look at this fucking nigger right here.
Reads my post and thinks he's got something to say.
Fucking retards man.
I'm the one writing this shit, you stupid fucking idiot.>I see some guy writing stuff>I know why he does it>shieeeeeeeeeetLiterally nigger logic
4473769>No idea why they decided to dump at 8500Do you even read this board at all?
And you expect me to believe you're going to recover?
Theres not a single fucking white dude in this thread.
Fucking hood rat niggers.
What the fuck are you even talking about now nigger?
be noob like 95% of the board>buys high and panic sells>has no idea what's going on (PBC)>makes irrational postsYou're literally the only one to blame, like I said, learn from your mistake
44734774473569are you guys retarded?
honestly you bought the parabola, the literal top of the rocket launch, +100% on a fucking 7-day 10x run, and you're shocked it came back down?learn your lesson
From a 20% loss?
are you fucking retarded?
If you're not making 10-30% returns every single day inside this easy-mode coin market full of retarded niggers than you're a clown.This shit is the easiest trading I've ever done in my life.
This is like playground shit compared to the NYSE...I would have already made 10% of that 20% loss right back in POWR if I wasn't enjoying getting a little extra dirt on your faggot niggers right here.That is how meaningless a 20% loss is to me...
I can blow it off and fucking around in this thread knowing full well it'll take me 24hrs or less to get back inside this childs market.
A fucking nigger could trade coin.
A literal fucking nigger could trade coin.
Can you believe that?
A nigger simp like you could trade coin.... this is how simple it is.
Only lost $100 from the top of the dump, rebought 30% of my original position and now I sit back.
Made back $400 of the $700 I lost on link though so it's a good day >tfw STILL below initial investment
They are never going to get new power grids layed outENORMOUS amounts of people tried getting power grids updated with TONS of different designsALL of them failedThis ICO is selling a dream they can never do.
People will be buying and selling NOTHINGNESS.Just imaginary power no one is going to route anywhere.
You said>The issue is this faggot coming along saying it drops at 10kSo you already humiliated yourself.
You'll never make it
You sound retarded and nothing you said is true.
Pathetic.
Retarded FUD.
Go read the actual whitepaper you retard.
It works on top of the existing grid.
ONE example of a setup is to have a box (they have a name for it... cant remember) within apartments or at larger, atreets or communities that tracks power consumption or selling instantly and uses Sparkz accordingly.
How does humiliate anyone you retarded crusty ass nigger?
The OP was an idiot.
He wasn't tricking nobody.
He's just a fucking retard.You can't even read a god damn chart, nigger.
I know that for a fact.
Niggers can't read charts.
This is why your nigger brain focused on everything but the charts.
A niggers brain is like a womans brain.
Everything a nigger thinks about is emotional based.
A nigger is the same as a woman.
Look at you for the perfect example.
Each of your responses are all emotional based, and through an emotional interpretation.
Like a woman..... the nigger ape is a woman.Emotional nigger ape cannot handle the white mans logic, so the emotional nigger ape interprets everything in his own emotional baboon way.Nigger ape act like woman.
Go back to /pol
Go back to your grandmas basement and finish recording your rap album, nigger faggot.
wasn't tricking nobody.He clearly tricked you and your new mistake is still being mad about it.
>Emotional nigger ape cannot handle the white mans logicAre you talking about yourself?
You're STILL raging and not accepting logic.
We see your type here every day, /pol/lacks who can't trade for shit because they don't care to research, at all.
I'm in POWR for the long hodlDONT
i dont know what FOMO meansseriously
I can literally hear your nigger baboon voice as I read your 80IQ dorky steve urkel nigger drivel.
You can't understand shit.
Typical nigger, instantly interprets everything through his emotional nigger brain.
We see this everyday with you niggers.
Acting like women in front of the world.
I guess its because 90% of you are raised by women only.
Or maybe niggers are just feminine naturally.
You niggers are so emotional.
PROTIP: if you want to be safe, the key is to get in later and get out earlier.of course, as with all endeavors, if you blame others, you will never improve.
if you didn't make at least 20% from going in on POWR, you should consider: i) simply holding bitcoin; or ii) necking yourself.
Crypro is not for you mate.
You didn't even see the dozen PBC related threads.
Nice projecting on the low IQ
Emotional nigger brain can't get enough of this bait.
Emotional nigger brain come grab a bite like easy nigger dog each time.
Low self steam nigger is wired like a woman.
The nigger ape need a good gossip, real or not.
The American nigger ape, so easy to bait.
The american nigger ape.
I plan on dumping half at 10k sats.
Going to keep some skin in the game for the long run.
Promising company desu.