Well, /biz/ I'm in a need for a very specific advise.
I assume most of people here work or at least are experienced enough to help me.
Here comes a story:>had to study "secure-office-drone-job-with-high-pay" because parents literally said either that or they kick me out >Got into a meme programm of "study+work" which here in Germany means three months of work and three months of study which is paid by them>In return have to stay for two years IN CASE SOME DEPARTMENT NEEDS ME>Hate the job, hate the company, you name it>All the salaray is being saved for future life (pursue what I want, study something different etc.
)What I need are some really low-key dick-moves to make every manager hate me.
I do my job good (this is just how I am, I try to do best I can), but in terms of personality I can do whatever I want.
My goal is not being fired (because that would mean I have to pay back all the money), but to not get a contract afte I finish (I'm a long-term trainee right now).
fart audiably everytime to meet with your manager, and say "smells nice", do it everytime and after that burp loudly and say "that felt good ".
Just start doing your job really shitty and dont improve when they talk about it in your reviews
Don't ever brush your teeth and always leave a little bit of poop in your underwear so people can smell you when you walk by.
I just assume this is 99% of biztards anyways.
I change depratment each six months.
This is going to be my fourth.
Here are my reviews in a short-form:: Doesn't do job properly, but is motivated (I indeed was for first three months because it was new to me), lacks social skills: Very good at analytical tasks, gets things done, lacks social skills, not punctual, doesn't seem to get manager seriously: Good results, but lacks social skillsI play straight dork who can't combine to sentences together or do a presentation the whole time.
Neither do I lunch with others, nor even talk with them.
I also talk about how much life is more improtant than work, never do overhours and never attend to those retarded Christmas parties.
I just can't think of any other possibilities, three previous departments weren't very keen on giving me a contract (simply because there are better candidates).
I'm just seriously afraid that once I get this contract I will not be able to get out of this corporate hell.
If I do I have three years of wark experience at a large firm and meme economic degree, even if I hated it I think it does look good.
They probably think you are autistic.
RIP you will be there forever
They probably think you are autisticThat's what I'm trying to do though.
No matter how good you are, if you are social sperglord no one fucking needs you.
If you tell everytime you want to do another degree or move to another country soon nobody needs you.
Because it's easier to find somebody who does his job averagely, but fully motivated.
Was lernst du Brudi?Ich mache gerade meine Lehre zum Speditionskaufmann.Kack Job aber eine Lehre zu haben für ein Job der okay bezahlt wird kann nicht verkehrt sein.Falls alle Stricke reißen sollten.
Seems to me like you're doing a good job, but it's not paying off.
(I mean good job with trying to sort of get fired)Try to never go the extra mile.Try to leave EXACTLY at the time you're supposed to.And you know what?yell at somebody, like just be a bit angry and when you have an interaction with somebody yell at him and then go like: I'm sorry I'm just a bit stressed, I didn't mean to yell, it's just my personal problems.
du hast
Also in terms of getting fired it's really easy.
They obviously hate how antisocial you are so double down.
Duales Studium in der Logistik.
Die shciken mich zu den Projekten, wo ich passende Roboter für den Ersatz der Mitarbeiter suchen muss.
Job ist nicht nur kacklangeweilig, aber auch noch absolut parasitär für die Mitarbeiter.
Unternehmenskultur, wo jeder über Fußball redet und sobald er/sie alleine ist lästert kotzt mich noch mehr an.
Uni ist auch scheiße, aber mehr aus dem Grund, dass mich kein Scheiß da interessiert.
Kack Job aber eine Lehre zu haben für ein Job der okay bezahlt wird kann nicht verkehrt sein.Aus diesem Grund will ich auch nicht einfach so in der Mitte des Studiums kündigen.
Ja ich hasse das, aber mindestens kassiere ich 900€ pro Monat, die ich sparen kann und was sinnvolles im Lebenslauf stehen habe.
Subtly let them know that you're anti rapefugee
be a perfectionist>point out every wrongdoings>be better than them on their job>blame them for why the company isnt progressing well>get annoyed easilywho knows, you might get promoted, or kicked outnevertheless, most of them will hate you
He wants to get fired not end up in prison.
Funnily all low-wage jobs are full of them.
Company employs them because they are cheap (hence explains real reason they let so many inside, fucking jews).
And all the management is white and racist as fuck.
But once they get a meeting from a foreign customer everyone is suddenly really political.
I'm the only non-German (half-Russian here) there and I hear commentaries here and there.
Don't give a fuck about it though, I'm pretty apolitical, but I guess it says much about people who work in German management.
: Very good at analytical tasks, gets things done, lacks social skills: Good results, but lacks social skills.you are on your way to be a douchebag boss or middle manager