Did some TA and as you can see we should be bouncing off the triple Stanford shortly.
Thoughts
curious tooother thoughts?
I agree she is about to make a big move
BCH will moon.
Get greedy when others are scared.
1800 in one and a half hours.
TA ain't gonna work on a manipulated market.
That dump fucked all trust in this shitcoin, it'll never see another ATH.
Any news or something or just memelines?
ta let me play the past 2 daystoday will be the same
BCH might actually be able to pull of parity judging by last nights performance.
It doesn't matter how much money it'd cost (although The pump and dumpers certainly would have made it up by now), this achievement is itself a chance to make, and change the course of history.
If Bch gets traded pairs added to all major exchanges it'll always be a threat to overtake the king.
Volume is suuuuuper low compared to yesterdays'.
At least on bittrex.
first time having this color id
volume not much different than the other night on Poloniex
Get the facts about bitcoin cash
TA doesn’t apply to a coin that was artificially pumped you retard and the actual coin has no purpose or use case other than trying to dethrone btc so it’s impossible to say when it’s undervalued or when it’s a good buy
looks like it will moon here really quick
take your fud out of here pajeet
Definitely just larping here, but there's a schedule at work here.
Batons are passed and miners are more or less dollar cost averaging out of BTC and into BCHLike I said though.Definitely a larper, and not something I know from a close acquaintance that runs a not-insignificant mining pool.
you need to shut the fuck up already
Bittrex has a volume for a quick pnd, if there's something huge behing you've to check Bithumb.
BCH is a good buy at 50$
Drawing shapes on graphs isn't TA.
t. Corecuck Shekelberg
ROFL im fuckin dead bro LOLOLOL
Wall Street fags will pump it hard tomorrow morning so they can use it as a hedge against BTC's volatility.
The gooks are not finished yet.
The absolute state of this FUD though.
"shitty pump and dump coin" gratz you figured it out, it's being artificially pumped.
For good reason do your research pleb cucks

That's exactly what they've been doing.
They want the hash power back to btc temporarily so that they can get more coins to dump into BCH and switch back over.
People think that these gooks are the scammers, when in reality it's a rebellion against a corrupt BTC core run by the bankers
Bought at .36 and I'm comfy as fuck because I know this is the real thing.Satoshi's true vision will ultimately prevail.
FUD will not deter BCH from it's rightful claim as the KING.
This is nothing but a healthy pull back before the next bull run.
YES YES YES!!!!!!
You guys are onto something.
I mean the coordination it'd take for all the miners to move without some of them taking huge losses?They are literally working together to move over at a sustainable rate.
And even that looks fucking nuts.
Any minute now...
Learn how to use fib anon.
Hurts my eyes.
Why the fuck would you buy in so late if you believed that.
The shilling is unsettling...
Bitpay will be accepting bch shortly.
That gives it a massive network instantly.
No one is shilling for BCH, people are just telling it like it is: Bitcoin is in a hard spot right now and the best successor is BCH.
Right now, the Bitcoin network is barely even usable, that's not acceptable.
Because I was susceptible to the FUD from core shills.
The skyrocketing fees and 24 hr tx times told me BTC is no different than the (((banks))) we were running from.
This is opening the eyes of many people (me included) and will drive an exodus from BTC to BCH in the coming months.