https://www.reddit.com/r/confido/comments/7e3p5t/announcement/

RIP in peace
Can someone post that collage of everyone on biz telling the confido ICOers that this would be fail?
Fuck im to late to sell
>Joost Van Doorn
>I, Joost Van Durn>Joost>Just
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
The LINK marines send their regards.
Kek.
Who here getting Joosted right now
Damn.
Tough break, guys.
They just got JOOSTED AHAHHAHAHHAHAHHAHAHHAHHAHAHHHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHAHH
Holy fucking s hitI invested nearly 10k in this fuckign crap what the fuck
Reminder that this is the future for 90% of all shitcoins.
It’s over
get fucking rekt retarded comfydo posters
i guess that really was the comfydo difference huh comfyfags
Buy the dip guys kek
Sergey kills another dreamHE CANT KEEP GETTING AWAY WITH THIS
>JOOST>VAN>MY>DURN>UP
Lmao
rest in peace in peace.. lol
AHAHAHAH I WARNED YOU ALL ON REDDIT.
I TOLD YOU THIS WAS A SCAM BY A BUNCH OF TEENAGERS WHO DIDNT EXPECT IT TO BLOW UP LIKE IT DID.
AHAHAHAHAHAHA
Go away newfag cancer.
GUYS, HE APOLOGIZED.
IT'S OK.
HE PERSONALLY APOLOGIZED.
Jesus, I was about to put a couple of thousand dollars into this coin on ED a few hours ago, but decided against it at the last minute.Talk about a dodged bullet.
Would you guys believe 10 minutes before this announcement, I made the decision to sell at a reasonable profit?I had a sell order in at 0.00174 and lost it all because I figured I'd be patient instead of insta-selling at 0.00168.Feels bad man.
>confido>CON
Someone knows what happend?
Crisis investing - how to be rich but I first need to know this is easy cake to fix
4452478You're like me, but exactly the opposite in all the right ways.
>when you sold cfd for neo 2 days agoTrue comfyness achieved
here's how to profit off this:wait till the price has completely bottomed out.
slowly accumulate as much of the coin supply as possible.hire pajeet to make a semi competent dapp that uses the tokensre-launch confido under new dev and management team
ITS OVER
If you guys want to see some proper fucking wojackst.me/joinchat/GB_OvkRMT0F4YkU-nz4y-g
Sorry shitcoiners, this is what you get for not bending the knee
HAHAHAHAHThat was just a matter of timeJ O O S T E D E Dmaximum kek
Go to their Reddit and look at people bragging 1 day ago about picking up more bags and how it’s going to moon.
The just is so real
damn a few ppl have some balls buying this "dip" lmao
https://www.reddit.com/r/confido/Reading the reddit posts from a day ago is really sad and fucking hilarious at the same time.
OMG GUYS WHAT I PUT EVERYTHING IN THIS NOW IM DOWN 30K ON ALL MY SAVINGS FICKKK IM GONNA KMS NOW WHY ME?????
WHY???????????????
this is fucking hilarious im masturbating to that dip mmmmm
CUT MY LIFE INTO PIECES THIS IS MY LAST RESORT
https://www.reddit.com/r/confido/comments/7dsrel/ive_just_added_more_cfd_to_my_bags/
Shit like this will drag down the whole ICO space, and ETH with it

Hahahahahaha
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CLDrn0Mwo0w
t.me/joinchat/GB_OvkRMT0F4YkU-nz4y-gJust noticed>twentyaIs this real or just whale manipulation?
doesnt even know how to use pepe
Looks like a basic exit scam to me.
Sold all their coins then say “legal problems”
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
This sort of event really freaks me out.
I didn't own any CFD so this crash doesn't affect me, but it seemed like a legit project... and now it's done an Enron.It reminds me of that famous quote from Marv in Wall Street: "We're all just one trade away from humility."
CONFIDO HOLDERS GETTING JOOSTED
Just lost 4k in 10 minutes..
invest in shitcoins>get JOOST'edDamn, didn't see that 1 coming.
nice!
buying a dividend coin with no actual product to create dividends from
>brb lawyers lol>ok bai
Wowwww
I can intuitively sense it mooning in 2018.
Now this piece of shit walks away with a million dollars just for writing a .pdf and getting idiots to pay him for promises.Fucking dumbasses, you guys deserved to lose your money, but this fraudster shouldn't profit from it.
Biz shilled the fuck out of this thing too.
I didn’t own any confido but this makes me want to avoid altcoins
Kek at the people buying in now.
lol they cant develop an app without a "contract"they obviously sold all their tokens before releasing this "news"scam
So I bought 8,800 at 0.0001 ETH, and now it's rebounded.
How much do you guys think it'll rebound?
!!!
!NOW I NEED SMART ANON HERE!!!!
!SMART ANON + SHERLOCK ANON!!
!STAY WITH ME - -- ----- ->>>Okay, now serious.
I need to figure out.Who was developer behind this coin?
What connections he had?I am quite afraid now that these guys had insider information and cashed out everything they could before Bitcoin collapse tomorrow.I seriously now think that these guys just cashed their money so TETHERPRINTING shit won't get them to bottom.NOW THINK BIZ, THIS IS NOT A SITUATION FOR LAUGH, I AM AFRAID WE MIGHT ALL LOSE EVERYTHING TOMORROW
I wonder what exactly this fucking "contract" was.There are two options about this: Exit ScamorMarket Manipulation because they actually want to by more before releasing good news
Check the times.
It dumped before and around the post.
Nobody actually had time to dump aside from the devs.
This one is rough.
"Who are the idiots selling massive loads at 5500 sats?
Lol go ahead and lose money, more than happy to grab them :)".
Definitely insiders.
Yes, I also think tomorrow we will see catastrophic action.
Save all you can, Anon.
You cant be sure it's not gone tomorrow
but it seemed like a legit project...stick to bitcoin
4452794STOP PAYING ATTENTION TO THIS.READ IT --- > THIS COULD SERIOUSLY BE NIGHT BEFORE THE STORM.THIS COULD SERIOUSLY BE LAST TIME THIS BITFINEX PRINTED TETHERS.ALL THIS NEO FOMO FOR TOMORROW ETC.Developers have some insider info and they want to cash out as much as they can.SERIOUSLY NOW - WHAT THE FUCK IS GOING ON?IS BITCOIN GOING TO COLLAPSE TO 1000 TOMORROW?
SHOULD I NOW get all my money out of exchanges?
Y'all mother fuckers need to demand to see their confido wallet.
If that motherfucker sold it before dumping the news.
Lol fraudster.
OC
kek.. ppl still buying this shit on ED
>hey frat brah let's create our own ICO >after we get the money we dump on these nerds>fuck yea son
They didn't get $1m and even with the ETH moon they didn't get $1m.
Also a good deal of people sold at a decent profit.The main wallet didn't dump, but their personal ones probably did.They had $6,000,000 worth of CFD they didn't even touch.
I think they were legitimately just incompetent.
Can you just shut up for bit?
Thanks.
It's bots getting JOOST'd
Relax you faggot.
Tether FUD has been around for a long time now.
If you're spooked, just sell your buttcoin for USD and watch me get rich from the sidelines.
Not sure what USDT has to do with Confido.
Can't wait for the SEC to look into this one.
You really think they dumped their 'locked coins'?>be developer>have multi-stage ICO>buy your own secret stash of coins in early stages pretending to be just another user>dev coins get locked up>ICO goes well>at the peak, sell your large secret stash of 10-25% of coins from your smallcap ICO>oh no guys, lol, we wont actually be able to develop a single product or line of code hehe>our coins are still locked up, looks like an early ico buyer happened to dump all their coins right before the news tho>but hey, we didnt scam you guys>see ya>JOOSTED
Easy being smug now, but really how could someone have seen this coming?
Devs were responsive and the idea is solid.
I didn't see any major red flags.
even more kek...
If you buy this shit now you're throwing money down the drain.
This is dead.
I hope you fags sold as it soon as it hit 0.002, we shilled it to you before it dropped, there was no way you couldn't have made money and you should have sold while you were up
It's a zero sum game son, somebody lost all of there money thanks to this scam.
Some people made money, like the fraudsters who perpetuated this ico.
It's important to realize that this is just the beginning of the beginning.
MOST ICOs have violated laws or signed contracts they do not understand.
When you sit down with lawyers and really get into it, the level of legal risk the average crypto project is taking on simply by conducting an ICO or the way they word things on their media is tremendous.
Any ICO that in any way represents their token as an investment, but doesn't limit their sale to ACCREDITED INVESTORS ONLY in the united states is flagrantly violating a law.
So when you read statements about their tokens that don't specifically disclaim use of them as an investment, or you read statements like the above that refer to people who participated in the token sale as investors, it should already be a signalMost of these projects are gonna come crashing down.
Look at ICOs that do it the right way and take it extremely slow, because anything else will be burnt to the ground within a year
Watching the Ether Delta order book right now is hilarious.
People don't know what to do.
why can't I make any winning trades?
why do i keep losing?
please mommy.
I can't break 3k, I keep getting pushed down when I get close.
I was never meant to make it with my minimum wage cuck life.
I was meant to toil and burn my money.
You have invested too much of your money you faggot you cant think clearly anymore
time to buy cheap????
was expecting a bit more panic desu
I wonder if anyone ever got Kleros to confirm partnership?
If they actually got another ICO involved, they were more likely just shitty devs than scammers.
Or very top notch scammers.
This thread pleases me, ahahahaha I love it when this happens, the drama, the losses, the mental pain.
Can't even laugh, I legitimately feel bad about people who lost money on this.
And here I was complaining about ED being shitty when there was a perfectly legitimate reason for an order book as fucked up as this.
at the peak, sell your large secret stash of 10-25% of coins from your smallcap ICOThe highest non-exchange addy had around 8% I think.
Still more than enough to dump, but they didn't buy out a quarter more of the thing themselves.
I'd be interested in seeing if there's a way to see the full address holder history of the token though.
They are still buying.
44523544452664congrats on this, seriously
BUYING at 0.00133 with 32 ETHERJUUUUUUUUUUUSSSSSSSSSSSTTTTTTTTTTTTTT

you and me both man, fuck
TOP FUCKIN KEK
Imagine being that guy.>Oh wow my order already filled, that was fas..........
https://etherscan.io/token/0x14839bf22810f09fb163af69bd21bd5476f445cd?a=0x65e52e1807a2cbf3ae2c04d3c1e8bc58a3e82268Looks like that wallet never dumped, though.
Somebody got fucking JUSTED.
i didn't sold at 26x>It's gonna rise till 50x>i'm up 50% now
I love it.
In moments like those, people panic sell and don't look at the decimals exactly
Well I sold some you faggot, still 7ETH in profit, but I thought this had potential to go higher.
Be nice to your /biz/bros man, jesus.
My guess is that they signed a contract with lawyers that is going to put them on the hook for hundreds of thousands in fees they can't pay, so they had to announce they can't pay their devs anymore ==> no more development
Are all of those trades bots or retards ?
I dont get why it's still up.
My guess is bots.
JOOST
nice just bought 100k
Honestly considering buying a few if it goes down further.
Maybe 200k mcap.
The devs could still release some random update at some point causing an insta x10
derpback to 9gag
>Today everyone laughs>Tomorrow, BTC makes everyone cry

Signed contract with a Nigerian Prince so now all assets legally belongs to him.
Oh these fucking weasels would probably do this just to make a bit more money.
Considering their reputations are ruined now.
NOOOOOOOOOOOO MOMMYPLEASE NOO
AHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHHAHAHHA
Traded my ETH for CFD!
minutes ago >I'm so so sorry
Didn't an anon here on /biz/ larped a ICO worth over $10 million was a complete scam?
it this the coin that was the scam?
is it time to buy?
confido was worth 500k at the time
 day ago >it will go 10x more mark my word!
minutes ago >Kek day ago* >Double bottom right before new exchange listing.......
Bullish af.
Great time to pick up, doing the same.
minutes ago >ROFL LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOL RLOFLOLOLOLOLOL day ago >Who are the idiots selling massive loads at 5500 sats?
Lol go ahead and lose money, more than happy to grab them :) minutes ago >LOL
Could be if they make it through this.
Might look back at this point and regret not accumulating at discount prices!
The announcement actually said they are probably gonna get through this.
If you were going to scam people, would you do it with your real name?
Honestly think this is just incompetence.https://www.linkedin.com/in/joost-van-doorn-b5298411a/

 day ago >As someone that bought over a dollar, I can't wait to get my hands on some more.Think I'm going to stop reading those.
They're getting almost depressing.
What if something like that happens with one of my shitcoins?
Better just stick to REQ.
tfw sad that LAToken is trading -60% below ICO>see confido's people get justed>feel better
I know what you mean.
Seeing an actual 90% drop over a few hours hurts to see.
I feel really bad for the people that put 10K plus into this and now have less than a grand.
the Chad ICO
ikr.
this shit actually sucks.
like you cant even "sell at a loss" like around 10%, 20%, or 50% loss even.
no.
this shit dumped straight to shitville.
fucking christ
kekI fucking love /biz/
4452692>JOOSTed>my sideslegalfag JUSTing everybody invested in ICOs.
Yeah you are definitely right to some extend.
yea, bunch of nerds scamers had "insider info" on the entire crypto marketgo outside, tomorrow is a new day,
If you invested in a shitty ICO who's only selling point is it can do the escrow process any merchant website could do on their own, you deserve the loss.If you're into any token for more than just a short term profit of selling to someone dumb enough to buy later than you, you deserve the loss.ICO's are scams.
You do realize escrow providers are a thing right?
As in, there is an existing market?
Stop talking out of your ass.
traded a dead shitcoin for a dying shitcoinLike pottery.
and you didnt sell?
fk i bought it at 37 cents and sold when it hit $1 for the second time.
i knew this shit was going south after that
4452415Wasn't LINK supposed to have a partnership of some sort?
Linkies fragile right now.4453564That'll teach them risk management.Pajeet stfu
Confido planned to use Link.
I wonder if this is the start of the Link curse where anything related to Link dies a horrible death.
Cindicator>Excludes US, Singapore and PRC goyim from their hilarious White List Token Sale>Implement fucking KYC during the sale to make sure that no amerifats and chinks will smuggle themselves in>Openly correct people in their chat whenever they try to call themselves "investors", much cry from cryptotards "REEE TEAM DISRESPECTFUL IMA SERIOUS INVESTOR">Don't list on shitty exchanges, prepare themselves to get listed only on top-onesStill not x10, so get in you faggots
thats why i sold this shitcoin at $1 and im gonna buy a shitton if it hits 5 cents.
they didnt say they were closing shop, just that they will undergo legal battle and that it will delay their project.
DELET THIS FFS
I hate losing money but seeing it happen to others makes me kek for some reason.
Why is that?
I bought at $1.10.
It'll go up, right?..
right?
Man I was planning to buy €1k LINK, might reconsider this now.
Their telegram channel is actually cancer.
It’s all a bunch of pajeets saying they’re gonna sue Joost for fucking them and offering terrible armchair legal advice
i bought at ICO so i could still turn a profit but i invested so little money i don't really give a shit if i lose it all.
should i just hodl?
kek
LINK is just absorbing confido.
Similar to Cell's transformation in DBZ.
This is just the first droidcoin to go down.
Yeah, so use the providers, without investing in one that's just another scammy ICO startup with a whitepaper.
Confido solved nothing that marketplaces and legit escrow services didn't already.
And there's no reason to need yet another currency medium for such a service.
"Hey guys i have the next big thing!
It's crypto... with TRACKING NUMBERS!"
woohooNow they, like the rest of these companies, are either gonna exit scam, or die of their own uselessness and incompetence.
4454323Use case looks mediocre but I didn't do any research so I'll refrain from saying more.
Don't hedge fund & co already have the best analysts and algos?
In what coould that profit to anyone in the financial industry?
It's just a coin to monetize the service of analysts, asset managers and learning machines.
I, Joost van Doorn, want to personally apologise for any financial damages this announcement will cause to people.KEK!
LINK is the one CFD is in trouble with>LINK now owns Confidobrehs...
holy shit, but it is not back to ICO price yet.
Maybe it is a good buy now?
Even if they resolve their legal issues, that could take months or years.
let's put it this way, it hasn't even been 24 hours yet so those poor motherfuckers out there who dont even know haven't had the chance to dump yet.
Probably.
I really made lots of suggestions to not buy CFD at such high prices because people will get assfucked, but being right for the wrong reasons doesn't make me feel good.
Poor guys, nobody could have really seen it coming I guess.
It’s all a bunch of pajeets saying they’re gonna sue Joost for fucking them
I focus on the pain... the only thing that’s real...
lol this shitcoin was getting shilled so muchso you're telling me the coin with only a single white paper, no peer reviewed articles, and a dev team of no names was a scam?
shocking.
BAHAHAHAHA
painWhat the hell are you talking about?
This is hilarious.
man, sucks to hear for our fellow bizers who invested in this scam.
that's bs.
>took 50% damage on link>changed to this at half a cent>watched it go to 1.20, hoping for a little more>joosted
No, it wasn't being shilled hard at all retard.
Hindsight always appears better to smug faggots than it really was
https://www.reddit.com/r/confido/comments/7e5dfw/identity_of_lawyer_is_named_pravik_pajeet_does/Holy cow
Hory shit.
This is comedy gold.https://www.reddit.com/r/confido/comments/7e54k5/had_two_of_my_sons_just_out_of_high_school_max/
The only retard ITT thread is you
This had to be planned, the fact it was shilled on /biz/ and reddit.
No loss is realized until you actually sell.
Your only option is to remain calm and pray the team works through this.
The price can hit zero but they can’t take your coins away.
Some day, they could recover and still make a handsome return.
That day may be further off than most alt investors anticipated, but it could still occur..
If these guys quit their jobs and are truly dedicated to this project, they will find a way to bring their product to the market.
If not, we’ve all been duped and will collectively share the lesson of being Joosted on this fine day, November 19th, 2017.
How are plebittors this delusional?
lol LARP, must be.
I wonder if the people still buying Confido on kucoin realize that is is a dead project now LOL