Things have slowed down and dipped a bit, but is everyone forgetting that BTC is still $1000+ over where it was like 2 weeks ago?
Why is everyone freaking out?
This is just like how BTC was behaving when I first started watching it a few weeks ago.
It'll stay like this for a few days or maybe a week at most, then start skyrocketing again.Just buy and HODL.
BTC will be 10K+ by years end.
Look at the pattern.
It's too uniform.
Yup.
Lots of new, weak hands.
Even if it's boring as hell to keep saying it, new people do need to hear it; Bitcoin ain't going nowhere but up.
Buy the dips.
Sell at your own peril and feel like a dumbass the next day.
People seem to forget that in a matter of weeks, investors will be pouring into BTC via CME group.
It will EASILY double in price when that happens
Why is everyone freaking out?
Because this movement isn't about a flow in and out of fiat, it's about a flow out of BTC into Bitcoin cash.You probably will still see uptrends with Bitcoin and some pullbacks from Bitcoin cash, but with Bitcoin Cash outpacing the growth of Bitcoin very significantly since the failure of the fork, there's a very real possibility that Bitcoin will eventually be surpassed by Bitcoin Cash, as Bitcoin has no viable plans to scale and is already prohibitively expensive for most ordinary consumer transactions.
Even if this was Bitcoin-to-bitcoin cash, why the fuck should anyone be concerned about it?
The total value of bitcoin has barely dipped or taken a hit from it at all.
Bitcoin is still close to its all-time high, it is still well over where it was a couple weeks ago, there's literally nothing to be concerned about here long-term at all.
What we're seeing is a papercut but people like you want us to believe it's a mortal wound.
>thinks it's people freaking outit's all paid FUD shills.
are major institutional players talking about how their opening futures markets for BTC?
their network attack didn't work because the users define BTC.
now, they're focusing their efforts on attacking the users minds.
stop browsing /biz/ for a while, you'll feel alot better about it