Huge dev update incoming.
They are ahead of schedule and they said each dev update will provide lots of good insights into their launch.
The launch is happening in Q4 of 2017, only a few weeks of this year left.My guess is that we get shown a sneak peak of colossus and a proper release date for it.Rumors of a bittrex or OKEX listing floating around as well.
Hopefully they address this in their dev update.
Price predictions with Q1 2018?
Is 0,5USD possible?
Rumors of a bittrex or OKEX listing floating around as well.
Hopefully they address this in their dev update.Source of rumors?
Yes, completely plausible if everything goes to plan.
Bittrex doesn't list ERC20 shitcoins anymore
I think the partnerships and adoption will start rolling in early 2018.
They are part of Y Combinator which is an incubator that grew reddit, airbnb, dropbox and instacart + many other huge companies.
YC is known for using its previous successfully start ups to help grow new companies in its incubator program.
If YC can help request get partnered with some of these companies the marketcap will be 500m+ which is more than 10X current price.
Coinbase has already said that they will be listing altcoins on their exchange early 2018.
My thoughts are that request is at the front of the queue for this listing.
REQ market $37 million>OMG market cap $800 millionI wonder which coin has a higher upside?
POWR is still an erc20 token you dumbfuck
not a shitcoin tho
just bought the dip.
thank you eth bull run
Power Rangers got listed because of some insider shit, that's rex style how we know it
already overpriced
I'm just memeing, I have 27k REQ but I wanna buy more fuggfirst time hearing about bittrex rumors tho
--------------------------TANGO-ZERO-FOXTROT--------------------------Insider Here.The news or Friday will literally cause a HUGE pump.
It has to do with Colossus, Asian market, and new partnerships.You have been warned.--------------------------TANGO-ZERO-FOXTROT--------------------------
Check out the insider trading laws https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/25743/000138713113000737/ex14_02.htm
Request is going to be 10x cheaper for merchants to use than paypal, this is my prediction for the first mass used crypto.
If........then REQ will reach a multi B market cap in no time
Not even top 100 coinmarketcap.
Take a look at some of the shit projects sub 50 and you'll realize this is an absolute steal.
Who do you think is on our payroll?
this dude said he was pumping it today tooget in fags
If it takes a chunk from paypal, anyone buying now will be set for life.
I really think it could
10k req poorfag here, moon pls
R like Raiden
Met the team in Berlin, we're from the same university.
Believe me when I say they know what they're doing; they will deliver.The less you buy, the more I get and I will always be thankful for that.
Stay poor my biztards
where are all the faggots who sold at -30%?I want to thank you for this opportunity.
I am making tons of money thanks to you guys.Thanks so much for selling me your bags.Thanks for being impatient.
I owe it all to you pajeets who sold with loss.Thank you.
fuck you, show a valid pic or eat your own dick
OP just started the rumor, so this thread is the source.
Are you talking about the people that sold their pre-sale bonus coins for 100% profit (since they were,you know....free)?
We see this happen a lot these days.
Some early investors get their coins and presale bonus coins, and immediately dump their presale bonus ones, and then use that free cash to participate in other early presales.
Meanwhile, anon's get to keep thinking "Haha, I bested a pajeet in a battle of wits!"
https://discord.gg/zjqdDVRequest Shareholders club for anyone holding or interested in REQ
Loving these gains.
Payback for holding strong through the heavy bleeding..
.00016 was presale, never hit 0.00032 for your 100%Aaaaand you are out.
Idiot
Did you ask them about Y Combinator and their level of involvement?For all we know, they could have just got a $500 cheque and a pat on the back.I WANT to believe anon.
Coinbase has already said that they will be listing altcoins on their exchange early 2018.when?
I'm holding 50k+ REQ atm and I am a strong believer in the project.I don't believe a trex listing is anyway near though.
All trex cares about is volume and the volume is pretty low.
BULLISHHHHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!
FUCK YA
I don't think Bittrex is going to list until there is a working main net.
That would not bode well for their credibility.But I believe once the team delivers a product, and Y Combinator uses their influence, we're going to see serious growth in 2018.GODDAMN, this is a comfy hold.I'm not even looking at the BCC faggotry, it just bounces off of me.
Lol Bittrex has a ton of coins with no product at all.That wouldnt be a reason for them.
who still holding their ico bags here
Yc invested 100k in this shitcoin.
That's all.
That's it, boys.
Thanks for believing our shilling and buying our bags.
We are dumping this down to $0.03 now, get out while you can.
Yc puts 120k in to every startup.Usually yc is someone you apply to and its a very rigorous process and few get selected.YC actually INVITED the Request team to their program.Enough said really.Buy now or seriously regret it.
Hahahaha "we" dump your 1k and fuck off
pajeet thinking his 200 req dump will move the market price
$1kNigga, I spent that much on condoms every day.
You need to step your budget if you want to make it in the crypto game.
Can someone buy my ico bags please?
badboy detected
Bittrex is all about insider trading.
Do you have friends and influence?
..and here we go you will get listed.
Ask the Power Rangers.
>sold Req at 00014902 ETH yesterday
Sold req at 685 satsFUCK
4522103you get what you deserve guys.and it's not the moon.sorry.you picked pajeet 5% gains.no moon for you.
Does anyone know the news coming this friday?I've seen rumors of chinese exchanges, chinese wanting a chinese translation of the whitepaper last week or two weeks ago etc etc...Also Colossus has to come out sooner or later...Also, when bittrex?
When partnerships?
?Anyone have any good deets about tomorrow's announcements?
Lolll retard
thanks pajeet
lol retards.
Tomorrow it's just another weekley update.
Stop shilling this coin so they can buy your bag OP.