Is watching total crypto market cap increase exponentially by the dayWe were at what, 150b when LINK ICO concluded?
The wealth available for capture decreases as total market cap increases.
We may be at 500b before LINK ever moves.
Think of all those easy gains that were missed.
It only becomes increasingly less easy...
#4CHNalldayYou heard it here first!Screencap it!I will get lots of repliesIt will go viral here on /biz/.
You will see it everymorning.You will see it everynight.You will see it every mid-day and afternoon.You will see it in your threads.You will think about it more often.You will accept it.You will love it.You will start using the:#4CHNallday
Doesn't really matter.
If it's 500 billion there's just more in other coins available to flow over into link
Yeah that's the shit part of chainlink but it's the only serious coin since forever and once main net launches it'll be continuous launches.
It took eth 1 year to reach 1 billion MC.
In this market it will be much faster for chainlink
You're not the brightest man are you?
If Link actually delivers, then there is just more value to flow into Link.
Link absolutely benefit from large total market cap, since it's success is closely tied to the adoption of cryptos.If it doesn't deliver, the total market cap does not matter.
If you believe in the project, this is a no-brainer.
feel ya, but at least Link is not in a bubble ;)
sorry sweetie but if btc is a bubble then link pops right alongside it
I always see people posting shit like "It's not going anywhere for the next few months so I'll ride the BTC pump right now".
You're assuming you'd know what to do if you weren't holding LINKThis is retarded because 1.
You don't know when BTC will stop rising.
2.
You don't know when LINK will start risingAll you can be sure of is that LINK will rise AT SOME POINT.
But thinking you're smarter than the market and trying to time it is a recipe for suicide.
See  I learned this lesson the hard way.
Made my stack in ETH by buying back in February/March.
Sold off at around $300-$350.
Spent all year chasing pumps and trying to time the market.
Sometimes it worked out, sometimes it didn't.
I'm now in exactly the same place as I'd be if I just held ETH this whole time.If you've done your research how is it hard to be patient?
This is the closest to a sure thing as you're likely to getJust listen to this presentation and remind yourself why you invested in this coin.
Chainlink is the real deal and it's going to bring smart contracts into the mainstream:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kW27zYIxZhY
The wealth available for capture decreases as total market cap increases.not really...market caps are bullshit numbers, especially in crypto.
it's all psychology.
people fomoing, high demand, low supply, WOW, suddenly the marketcap is 800 trillion.
it can shift very easily.
just watch, when the BTC hype dies down a bit it's alt rush again.
we have a lot of people right now high as fuck on their bitcoin gains, and that means they'll be eager to gamble with higher numbers in the alt market.
if a currency that dosen't work as a currency and with shitty tech burst after an influx of speculative money then an asset that has a real world use pops toonow I understand why Jamie called us stupid
if LINK is successful it WILL suck up the market caps of a majority of alts.
this really doesn't matter, OP.
SOLD POWERLEDGER FOR CHAINLINK BEFORE THE MOONING YOU FAGGETSLINK = SHIT