So when are we exiting the scam ?
was out ones it hit 1000$ might rebuy at 750
The time to exit BTC is right now.If you can even move your funds anymore, top kek what a shitty slow crypto.
exited at 7k, went in on the real bitcoin at a dirt cheap $700
A lot re room left to go as it's not just a pump but a real competitor to Bitcoin or atleast the Bitcoin that will be used as an actually currency not just a store or wealth.
The ration is going up more
thank you
Because of Link, it is way to obvious
You aren't in the whale club, sorry bud.
Personally I think they will be able to milk this pump for several days.
It was a well coordinated attack, they are shilling on reddit quite heavily.
It seems like they've really stirred up a lot of fear in the market and crypto investors are twitchy as hell
You haven't already?
It just peaked to 155 and won't hit that again for a long ass time now, accumulate the next dip
which whale group is able to do a 6 billion pump ??
fomo does anithing
i shorted with leverage at 1058. i really hope korean whales won't rekt me
The only people that matters with proof of work coins.
The mining farm owners and pool owners.
I bet Jihan is going to get almost bill gates rich after the flippening.Don't think its not going to happen.
They will just not mine BTC enough for it to stall even further.
Some of them are still mining BTC a bit while they are dumping their BTC bags.
which whale group is able to do a 6 billion pump ?
?margin does miraclesespecially when everyone jumped to the bch bandwagon to do that
 transferred 1.3 BCH> took 10 hours to confirmwhoa its so fast
If only mining BTC didn't require a license from chink schemers -- then there could be other entrants into the market that would make up for their economically irrational behavior.
Oh well, I guess the entire crypto economy will just have to give up on billions of value, roll over on adopting a sustainable scaling solution, and use a chink alt coin 4evs
its not a scam you fucking nigger.if youre selling now or soon youre a fucking moron.
If he's the one losing, why the fuck are your panties on auto-twistIts almost like you are counting on gullibles to feed your pump and when they see through the bullshit, you get desperate.
0.18 now on bitfinex.
This is going to crash hard.Oh and by the way.. BTG is at 0.042 and Segwit2x futures are at 0.045.
Spoken like a true Jihan goon
oh you mean like this you fucking nigger?https://www.bitcoin.com/public-service-announcement
Who actually trusts BTC anymore?
In other words.... Who actually trusts Politics in monetary decisions?
exactlywhat are we thick niggers?
buy this shit up before its too fucking late
bitcoin.com is own by the guy who push bch retard
ITT : /biz/ is getting scam by chinease whale
top fucking kek
either you're a very lazy shill, or you're one of these absolutely clueless post 2017 kidsbitcoin.com is not bitcoin, retard.
Yes, you are so stupid as to be mislead by SEO tactics.
0.2 sat, then rebuy the dip
Hahahaha holy shit you fucked up
Monday.
Btc will continue to fall sub 6k and bch will go to 2k.
People are buying bch as it's the only thing really rising so people don't want to lose all their money from btc dip.
I'll rebut btc on monday.
O RLY YOU NEWFAG NIGGER?https://futurism.com/bitcoin-classic-shuts-down/THE TIME IS TICKING DOWN ON YOU CORE KEKS BITCOIN CASH IS THE FUTURE
bitcoin classic isnt bitcoin either retardthis whole board is kids who came in post 2017 with no idea of the history, and act like they are experts
 Let's spit on him.
Bitcoin Classic is a fork from Bitcoin Coreahah u didn't even read what you are scamming
Normies don't know that.
If they start to panic, they will sell their classic "BTC" for the new "BTCH"
TIME IS TICKING YOU CORE KEKS........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................WHEN YOU MAKE PEOPLE WAIT THEY GET IMPATIENTWHEN YOU CENSOR INFORMATION OF BCH THEY GET PISSED OFFYOU ARE PAID SHILLS OF CORE KEKSEAT ASSHOLE AND HAVE A GOOD DAY
Good.
Thats a chance to buy more btc cheaply, because a huge dump is coming for bch.
mircea popescu will probably start having people killed if this continues much longer.
Tradesatoshi the first exchange to have BCH base markets.All shitcoins are switching to Bitcoin Cash
BiTcoin Classic for BiTCoin enHanced
Ethereum went 5000x in 2017.
2018 is going to be a great year, especially for buying cups of coffee.
BCH and these idiots just killed any kind of bitcoin, ever.
Never been a fan of centralization.
Bitcoin was fun.
This sucks.
Bitcoin cash and China can suck my dick I'm out
Off-chain transactions are centralization, this is a return to a roadmap of decentralized transactions.
oh you mean like this you fucking nigger?>https://www.bitcoin.com/public-service-announcementLiterally a copy of bitcoin, just a different set of clowns running the show.Unbelievable.
If this destroys enough wealth it could affect confidence in crypto generally.
I'd be willing to bet for every $1000 that BCH removes from BTC's market cap add another year onto the coming bear market.
Add enough years and some corporate or state creature is going to come and replace it all with Fiat.
Bitcoin.com and Ver and Wu and everyone who thinks bitcoin will be used to buy coffee are totally and utterly delusional.
These are millionaires smoking crack wrecking their own lambos.
This is killing the goose that laid the golden eggs.
:(((((
I SERIOUSLY CANT DEAL WITH THIS SHIT ON A SATURDAY
Koreans.Check out volume data - 40% of BCH trading comes from one korean exchange.If you'll recall the May frenzy over ETH, koreans led the charge as well.There's no telling when the pump will end, some western whales might delude themselves into thinking they're influential, but koreans will do what they want to do......which includes selling at a 20% loss the moment everyone around them starts selling, and right now BCH trades for $1170 on Bithumb while it's closer to $1200 on western exchanges.Wouldn't get too comfortable holding BCH long term, but that's not to say it will crash.
Could pump 2x, could go down, you don't speak the language and i don't speak the language and not a single person in the US or EU truly understands what's going on, so there you have it.
Gamble away.
i am slowly becoming gay
>it's over 1k eurodollarsI'm scared anonstrading BTC-BCH on bittrex now feels pointlessI make BTC profits but BTC is just taking so fast it's not worth it anymore
call yourself a Bi-Curious
b-but muh btc value
Fucking well said.
Fuck the shills.
I mean it is making money, even when you make 0.02 profit that's still about 100 euro...then again in a few hours it'll probably be 80so I'll just keep it in BCH as much as possiblebtw BTC-BCH should hit a wall at 0.2 so that might be a good time to buy in, if you havne't already
BTC is still king because it has alot of trade pairs.
you mean buy in after it bounces off the wall?
God trading BTCHon Bittrex is so fucking laggy and not even gaining me any money.
yea, so just now it was 0.194 because of that for a bithopefully it blows through the 0.2 resistance but it might take some timegod only knows how far it'll drop if it can't breakbittrex is slowdude the exchanges have been burning for the last 3 dayskraken is basically down half of the time, try trading there...compared to that bittrex is a breeze
hope it dips, need to get in.
Foolish to sell at 1k :(.
I sold at 175 cauyse i really underestimated this thing.
I've been waiting for the dip ever since.
Apparently it knows how to dip UP.My plan is to either a) buy in if it breaks 200 convincinglyb) buy in after steep drop from 200 what do you think?
tqbh I don't get wtf is happening with this thing anymoreon BCH-EUR play it safeon BTC-BCH I just yolo and all in and I get out every 10-20%since it broke 0.2 it might go quite high but I don't know what the next resistance point isI kept thinking these last few days that it'll bounce off and drop at some point but look at this shitI don't even anon
BCH trading volume is now higher than BTC trading volume
same, but i think i will hold now it never went below 0.1 when it broke it.
If this is the flippening i would have 6x my bitcoin
those arent even koreans you retarded nigger, the Chinese just moved to korean markets
it really should calm down soon thoughotherwise I give up on trying to use any logic here and will just blindly put all the profits I've ever made into this and check again tomorrowI can't keep going like this, it's exhausting for multiple days and I want my fucking weekend
Ok just panic bought back in :^)Lets see where this is goingAlso I just noticed that I actually made 1k plus but buttrex is just showing me old values somehow.
yea it freezes up and needs a refresh every now and thenfirst time that's happening on bittrex, their servers must be sweating right now
Too late to get in?Also, why is it so much lower on Bitfinex?
I'm emotionally tied to a virtual store of valuethat bad, huh
no it's not too late.
bitcoin is crashing.
the flippening is upon us.
RIGHT NOW, ABANDON SHIP
I sold at 800 laughing at people buying in at that point.Fuck me.
If the devs say it will replace it, it might actually happen.
BTC is just too inconvenient to actually take over anything.
It is time for it to die and get replaced by a worthy succesor so it may catch up and bring us even higher.
is it me or is bittrex's BTC/BCC trading pair not loading anymore
its getting pumped to crash the price of btc so they can buy back in to btc at a low price, classic jew trick
its not WTF
Wtf just happened
Yes same here.
yup brokenkraken died toothe poor network can't handle the moonbittrex stopped updating the graph an hour ago for me
LMAO RIP
GUYS IM KIND OF PANICKING HERE
kek, u guys also sold at 0.23 right?
I got out minutes agoif it doesn't crash even now I'm gonna straight up kmslook at this shitwhat fucking coin doubles in price like this before taking a nose dive from the topjust fucking crash you piece of shit
Relax, any sell orders around $1200 level are getting eaten up.
price just went from 0.23 to 0.19 in one poof on binance, I'm not going to trade in this market until this blows over, rather miss out on gains than get buttfucked by a big dip
take my hand anonwe'll ride the wavetogether
w-well ok guess Im stuck with being all ino-o-ok
4299644bunch of cucks are trying to protect btc from being traded in for glorious bchthats all corecucks have at their disposal, lies, censorship, and fraud
smart man i got out at 0.223dont get too greedy
People were thinking that at 900, me included.
Now it is at 1500.JUST
selling bch now is like selling btc in 2014
Understand that once we blew past that $1200 level, that became the new support.
The next major resistance is at $1500
Fuck u faggots are crazy, for really dont trade at all by just same across it after wondering off from another board.
Jump in abit along, made a few hundred bucks, but still u fuckers made me paranoid doin this
You are supposed to trade volatile markets, thats called trading
I'm such a fucking idiot, I was laughing at the people "shilling" bitcoin cash the past week.
I only have .025 in BCH, can't decide wether or not to abandon BTC and liquidate into ETH and BCH for the time beeing.
I don't think BTC is going to stop soon, everyone is pissed at it.
Bretty interasting https://pastebin.com/n0aGBMQr
eh so what manthis hindsight bullshit shouldn't get you down mansure you might've made more but how the fuck were you supposed to know?buy in, sell at 20% profit or w/e, if it keeps going up, invest 80% back in and so on, don't sweat itthere's literally always some shit mooningbased on fucking what dudeat least show me some meme triangles
bittrex go home you're drunk
Never fucking cry over profits if you want to stay sane.
Feeling bad over loses is hard enough but to also feel bad because you only made 50% and not 100%?
That's moronic.
I got in at 650 and got out at 1000.
I didn't want to be greedy because I got burned way too many times that way.
I might reenter after it dips a little bit
That sucks, but it happens.
To be honest you'd probably be alright with going into BCH now, or just sit this out.Levels of resistance become levels of support.
Cbf drawing meme lines for you sorry man
its over
Goodbye todays gains, too bad I didnt include Bittrex randomlydying as I want to put in my sell order into calculations...
jump to 1300 soon
thisbtw I think it should stabilize around where it is right now, check again in like 30 minutes, if it's still around the same levels, I'd get inI judge trends by looking at the last 3 minutes
We're on the up again boys.
its crashing now , get the fuck out NOW!
>BTC-BCH pair crashes on Buttrex>After it comes back BCH has dropped and BTC has recovered a bitWhat kind of orchestrated scam is going on here
the big players hate bch and are trying to manipulate the markets to stop bch from risingcoinbase is already blocking btc withdrawals so you cant sell it for bch
42998904299915
Well, I was late to the party, but at least I got out at the very top (sell order 229, bittrex crashes, comes back online, i sold at 229, top was 230)
buy in guys
Shitcoins moon 2-5x all the time.
You're trading emotionally if you think BCH is special and you're about to lose a lot of money if holding.
except you're an idiot if you think BCH is still a shitcoin when it currently has the same trading volume as BTC
For your sake I hope you're right, but if you zoom out on the BCH chart you'll see it hasn't hit ATH yet.
If fact, the BCH chart doesn't look at all different than a normal shitcoin pnd.Even if this is going to be the new king, the recent spike is not sustainable.
No coin, BTC included, has been able to maintain a price without a harsh correction after this much upward movement.
Except all the fomo from BTC will make it sustainable.
nigga nobody said it'd stay stuck at ATHof course there will be a correction, but the thing has doubled in price in the last 2 days and if it corrects even at 20% lower it's still huge>if you look at the bla bladid you even look at BTC as well or are you really trying to talk out of your ass?I don't even know why I bother replying to this shit sometimes I swear
No coin, BTC included, has been able to maintain a price without a harsh correction after this much upward movement.
exiting when its above btc price!
Come the fuck on.
We're you even around mid august?
This situation is exactly the same as then, including the /biz/ posting.
Everything said here is almost a carbon copy of that time.
The deja vu is staggering.Don't be obtuse.
Obviously I'm referring to spikes that happen it 1-2 days and I'm referring to relative volume.
No coin rises this fast and holds, and the faster the rise the harder the correction.
Could it be this high later?
Perhaps.
But in 5 days?
No way.Maybe this coin will violate all patterns that came before it.
But betting on that happening is becoming a bigger gamble by the minute.
Give Mike Pence a call.
the exact same as augustyou're losing it dude
big blocks>decentralizedPick one.
If your not trolling, then you really are new (or bad) at crypto.
The market has risen since August so indexing it to Fiat is retarded and disingenuous.
Pic related.
If you think this will end any differently in the short or medium term, you're about to lose everything you might have gained if you hold.
For now.
Also note that the volume is LESS now than before as well.
You could have at least used an up-to-date picture instead of when it had a healthy correction from 0.22, but no you'll just ignore the fact that we're already at 0.21 again.
A shitcoin of all shitcoins, bch, must be crashed with no survivors, otherwise cryptos are done
ooh now I understand why you're acting all retardedyou think I'm all in from ATH and that I'm going to blindly hold, ok, cool story anonbtw usually if it goes over than the previous ATH (which is the highest resistance level), assets usually "break out" of that and go higher upif they fall, they either fall to that resistance point or to whatever the prev fib support isbut you do you anon, I'll keep the gains I already made selling at the top
D.Va pumping is korean's largest crytocurrency pumping community.This is telegram room.
Free of charge.
This is no ordinary pumping room.
This is a room of informing all members by signaling after securing highly classified informations.
t.me/DvaPump
You're actually suggesting that BCH may make .2 the next resistance (in a way where you can claim you didn't)?Alright, no one is actually that bad at crypto while knowing the terms.
You're part of the Korean pnd.
Fuck off.
I'm in pump groups with 15k/20k members noob.
links pls
Keep calling everyone a nigger if you want to convince them.
That works everytime.
You realize that site is owned by Roger right?
You realize all of this is bullshit right?
RIGHT?
bitcoin.com