The only thing preventing mainstream institutional investment in bitcoin was the inability to short it on an accessible platformBTC will be 12k before years end, screencap this
Idc dude how many btc to titty fuck those khazar milkers?
BTC for a gf like this?
WHO IS THIS MUMMY
She's a new so 1000+
B-but what about muh alts

your alts are dead until the futures market opensafter that, BTC will be less volatile, and alts will be allowed to move again...until the next fork or major btc event
Ben Shapiro's sister
Whats stopping old money from shorting the CME futures and then opening an investigation against Bitfinex?Even if Bitfinex isnt included in the CME index, the Bitcoin price in every exchange will drop to 3 digits if they find out that fraudulent money has been pumping bitcoin for god knows when.
There would be NO BOTTOM.
No one will take crypto valuations seriously anymore.
Abigail Shapiro
yes
be rich influential banker guy>open short on bitcoin>call your government pals>tell them to investigate tether, spoofing and other unregulated practices,2k before years end
How can Ben have such a hott sister.
It doesn't make any sense.
Need money to trade futures?
Flip FENX right now
I want to get her pregnant so I can milk those jugs
if he grew a beard and lost the gay hat he'd be hot too
She’s a fucking goddess
Beautiful eyes daaaamn
ywn have a jewess gfall this money aint shit bros
I WANNA MILKY
damn, ben should've transitioned
B-but... CME applies to Bitcoin cash too... R-right?
She does look a lot like ben
I bet she takes BBC on the regulars
Fuck me man I need more fucking gains for a jewess gf.
Is link going to fucking moon anytime soon?
this worries me.
My thoughts exactly after seeing her in that opera video.
I'm increasingly nervous they'll be shorting us into the pavement but as an anon pointed out to me memes got a president elected, so can they BTFO (((them)))?
Will they respond with their own memes?
Will NEET become the most valuable credential on wall street?
https://cointelegraph.com/news/cme-clearing-member-to-regulator-bitcoin-futures-impossible
https://cointelegraph.com/news/cme-clearing-member-to-regulator-bitcoin-futures-impossiblemeans nothing
Dubs get
I fucking hope this happens.
Massively cheap Bitcoins for all.
It'll be a mulligan for everybody that missed out buying earlier.
is it just me or is her head really small
I don't know.
I'm detecting a little facial asymmetry.
Doesn't Bitfininex not even support US customers?
Do you need to be a US citizen to use the CME clearinghouse and then have a case?
It'll fuck prices in the short term but it doesn't change the hundreds of millions of legitimately backed tether and billions in general that have been trading earnestly at these prices.
Some wash trading won't kill Bitcoin if all the shit in the past didn't when it was much younger and immature.
Women's heads in general are small, but hers looks even smaller because she has giant melons for such a small frame.
every single human has facial asymmetry
You obviously have no clue what CME Futures are, they will short the shit out of bitcoin making it go back to 2k
No shit sherlock and fuck off
rollan
nice get pic anon, savedalso, rolling
two parents can't possibly raise such a fucking beast of a brain like ben has and then fuck up on the girl.
doesn't add up
that's not how it works pal, you can use unregulated pratices in unregulated marketsfutures markets don't move spot markets that much bud
You obviously have no clue what CME Futures are, they will shortYeah they will.
It's hard to tell from your one post but I suspect you also have no clue either.Futures allow the producer to sell what they are going to produce before they actually produce it.
So in this case miners can sell before they actually mine.So lets say for an example right now you just finished investing in a mining setup and you think that BTC price is at the high and will go lower so you want to sell right now what you are going to be mining over the next few months so you sell a March contract for however many coins you expect to be able to mine and have delivered by March.
You sold now near the high and later in March actually deliver the mined coins and won't have to sell at a lower price.
BIG
 implying that ben was not a fuck up already for being a shill and a cuck
imagine if that was your momgod lord almighty
Gib milkersNOW
the inability to shortLolJust wait until the shorts start manipulating the price to make a profit.
You'll see BTC going from 8k to 2k by December.
Pretty much this.All cme will do is enable manipulation
4404784>position limit>fixing price limits>feesand it's not like naked shorts aren't already available one exchanges
pls b nice
Quads
R o l l
ywn have a jewess gf>moneyNow hold on just a second
My condolences, anon.
rolling
Strange how effective it's been just waving some tits in front of anon.I forget how desperate for a breeding partner you people really are.
That would be amazing.
I'm moving 5k in fiat to GDAX in anticipation just in case as we speak.
so the jews have been doing this for like what?
2k years+ why does the goyem think they even stand a chance at black market underhanded unregulated practices
Rolling
Hey I remember you from the other thread.
Hi.
rolling for quads
snibbity snap, so goddamn close.
This shit will get rejected
WHY KHAZAR MILKER GODS?!?
GOD?!
REROLLLLLLLLL
Who is this semen demon?
roll