all in or notmoon when
All fucking in.
Stupid low price now, product live in January.
Will get more attention in the next few weeks as it's only just got on CMC.>DO IT
/biz doesn't do buy low sell high, you must be new here
What's the current circulating supply for this?
50M?
are people selling below ico price because they bought it months ago?
what the hell is wrong with them other than being impatient idiots?
m.Current market cap about $3m
There's always people who just put money into ICOs hoping to flip them.
I did it with Kyber and 0x.
Yeah, I do ICOs too (i did well on kyber) but why would they sell immediately for half price (or less) instead of wait it out?
maybe they make gains at the same time in other ICOs that they dont care about selling others at a loss to try and catch the next quick flip?blows my mind
>VC investment of $6m coming>Those rich dicks do more due diligence than /biz/tards and they're going in
I understand selling some ICOs at a loss if they raised tens of millions and there's a lot of room to fall, but with Encrypgen that seems obscene to do
With this one I've no idea.
This is the most promising small cap project out there with a genuine team, actual product, actual good application of blockchain, and there's cock wombles selling their position to buy into Bitconnect or some horse shit.
What was ico price?
$0.03 - $0.05
SHITTIEST FUCKING WEBSITE EVER
All in or do you hate money?
tfw he doesnt realize their new website is comming out next month.... hence why smart money is accumulating while you fizzle in your own shitFUCK YOU
YOUR INVESTING BECAUSE THEY HAVE A NEW WEBSITE COMING.... >LLOOLLLOLOLLOOLLOLLLOLLOLLLOLOL
hey purple man, your id is very visible, stop playing both those sides :D
4490578wtf are you doing retard kek
the team is bullshit, a bunch of mexicans including the CEO's mexican wifethe guy basically gives video updates in his pajamas and shit.
don't expect him to roll out a professional looking product.
have you seen images of the beta?
looks like junk.founder is a "philosopher" who's a raging lib and has no business sensethe top ICO contributor got a free million tokens (that's 2% of all tokens), on top of what he purchased so expect him to dump
i have to agree...the ico for this was AGES ago, i still remember it because i was contemplating of throwing in some money.
after all this time they finally decided to make this an ethereum token, it's a complete mess.
just look at the website and whitepaper, it's total crap.