Get in, or stock up on Pink Wojacks, Faggots.
Checked.
Just sold my bct AND bch and bought XMR.
Fuck the Bitcoin Civil War, and fuck Tether.
Havent got much sleep the last few days.
Now I am in something safe AND making Bank.
nice just longed 100k
same, here, went all in yesterday
ohhh rebecca, you slept last night..
>ta retard calling xmr a shitcoinWhat a faggotBy the way, last time the daily 13ema crossed the 30ma there was a listing for xmr on bithumb and the exchange was holding a competition where the customers with the most trades received a sizeable amount of monero Im amazed people think their lines in the sand mean fucking anything compared to actual reality
Lines in the sand made $8,346.13 for me last month, Pudwack.
And how many times has lines in the sand lost you money?>counting centsDude lmao
Here, have some "Actual reality".
Nice lunch money dude.
Why dont you trade on a proper exchange?And I dont see how this changes what I said.
The guy in twitter is a dumb fuck for calling monero a shitcoin yes Im mad.Last cross over had an actual reason to pump so hard.
The new crossover has already lost steam and will settle around the previous FIAT all time high.>analyzing xmr/btc when xmr is tied to usd because of its actual use cases

Kitteh Nose.
Trusting cats is like trusting /biz.
But this one is an exception..
Fuck off, Bogan.
does the Queens Men know you are harassing people on line?
Participating in Banned activities as well?
I'm quite sure Commisioner Roman Quaedvlieg would be VERY interested.
run along and wipe your hard drive.
After that, I'm sure Mum has Tendies ready upstars.
i have been watching XMR long time and i feel the same way as op but 200%?
i think it will pass it's ath at 150 and hit 200-350 or .025 - .032i think people will hedge against the btc bch war using monero as its the oldest project outside of litecoin litecoin is significantly tied to bitcoin so its not a good hedge
I can make 600 smackers a day on xmr for the foreseeable future, with some nice bonuses thrown in here and there.
Thats all I care about.
How
Onward, upward.
Nice trips.
By Hodling.
Anon?
You might wanna scrub your pics before posting here.
Took care of it for you.
Checked.
How?
Don't buy high.
Better signals you will get froum groups before the pump.
Like this one: https://discord.gg/F3SDe8S
fuck how many times is this guy gonna be right
Fuck off already.
Fucking pajeet poop and doop