So all you shillers claiming "flippening" with Bitcoin TRASH must've forgotten what happened when ETH pulled the same shit.
If you think there's any chance of Btrash "flippening", lets talk when Btrash beats ETH's market cap.
You'll never beat #1 if you can't even get over #2.
Koreans are going to bed soon.
Watch this shit dump.
b..but wait for the chinese to wake up?
It will fall.
The flippening WILL happen.
We just don't like Bitcoin anymore.
You fucking "powers that be" are not going to have your centralized crypto market.
We know you created your own fake BTC and are trying to take over the market by hyperinflating shit.
The flippening is happening.
You agent smiths can snort the cheese from under my balls, for all I care.
Luke Dash jr please go.
lol what
years of trust and security vs a cheap shitcoinwhat could possibly go wrong?
LOL
lmao.
4284926#whatiscommonsenseNone of your bullshit refutes what I said.
When is Btrash gonna beat ETH's market cap?
How do you beat #1 if you can't get past #2?
Why don't you go suck a smelly jew cock you fucking small block core cuck
Common sense doens't apply to cryptos, but yeah BTrash will dump fucking hard before 2018 just wait and see
#usinghashtagsonafuckinganonymousimageboardFUCK YOU SHILL LMAO.
The only people who would fall for your shit are fucking pajeets who don't understand this shit in the first place.
YOU ARE FUCKING LOSING.
ENJOY RETARD.
LMAO
Blockstream Bitcoin devs have lost all miner support.
They're now with the real Satoshi's Vision Bitcoin.
There's nothing Blockstream can do.
Bcash has a cap, eth didn't, people were not earning and tokens fucked the eth price upYou're a stupid fuck stay poor#thisistheflipping
market cap>market cap.>market cap.
You realize Satoshi's vision of Bitcoin did not involve miner's choosing what chain is bitcoin right?I'm still not hearing it, when will Btrash market cap > ETH market cap?https://www.cryptocoinsnews.com/flippening-ethereum-set-become-1-cryptocurrency/^ This is the closest any coin will ever get to BTC.
Let me know when any shitcoin gets close to #2 before slandering #1.
he hasn't read the white paper>he doesn't understand the blockchain>he doesn't recognize hashpower is unfalsifiable>he doesn't understand Nakamoto consensus
When you get your fingers out of your ears and open your eyesAlso, after Jan 1 2018 for sure for sure but the time to buy bcash is now when it's not on the Normie buy exchange coinbase
Don't think yourself.
Just follow our Korean overlords.
bitcoin cash or bch/bcc not bcash.
bcash is a pejorative term used to avoid mentioning bitcoin
doesn't understand cryptos market cap is small vs S&P 500>doesn't understand if hashpower was the base of Nakamoto's vision, any big global tech company could out push out more hash power than BTC, therefore making it centralized.
They are gamblers.
Not good.
The bitcoin whitepaper quite literally claims that miners control what chain is Bitcoin.
In fact I'm pretty sure he outright says that the true Bitcoin chain is the one with the highest accumulated difficulty
Satoshi's vision most certainly didn't include a privately owned company owning the entire dev team for the purpose of implementing cash cows for said company.
still hasn't read the whitepaper>still doesn't understand the validity of the blockchain
Only Bitcoin can overtake Bitcoin.
This flippening is legit.
I wonder what Tamagochi Naruto has to say about these recent developments.
We are mooning without Korea