WHAT

thats so wrong
Nani?!
THIS IS IT.SELL SELL SELL
He's being extremely asshole lately on twitter.Why is he so confident?
Is anyone else scared here?
hahaha BTC about to pop niggers
fuck your mother if you want fuck
the chinese have never forgotten about the opium war, you are fuck white man.
implying the Chinese are a match
confident people don't spend all day on internet fights
TOPKEKI LOVE THIS CLOWN MARKET
HAHAAHAHAAHHA omg what thefuck this cant be real
It's just for a laugh mate :)
you would know, faggit
He's afraid
What the actual fuck is this fake
That hole looks so comfy.
fuck your mother if you want to fuck
seems like he's mocking corecucks to me
Top kek
lost my shit herekek
4525341Top fucking kekCorecucks BTFO
guys i went all in at .07 months ago, this is more money than ive ever had.
wat do
Put 25% in ARK (and join biz_classic), and 25% in ETH.
Guy who runs bitmain>Shitting on other people for selling minersGo fuck yourself Jihan
Note: I myself fell for diversification meme though.
Above advice may or may not be more profitable, but is safer IMO.
4525829if you have no idea what to doplease go into staking coins like ARK or even fucking bitbean until you figure it outif you're really smart cash out half and get an attorney and put it in a vanguard OR keep it in staking coins until the market crash when tax reform fails and then go get a vanguard fund
the other thing is just do what that anon said and trade with the other 50%
what about flippening senpai?
i thought bitbean was a joke?i like eth tbqh
What a fucking clown.
At least match your btc with BCH in terms of quantity.
Next level is match BCH in terms of value :)
Stop taking pictures of your monitor.
i have 1 btc on coinbase kek
I think he is going through some kind of psychotic break because Bitmain will be outperformed by Japanese mining operations in 2018.
By outperformed I mean raped in the ass.
bitbean is a joke but you get actual staking rewardsark is much better since it actually has a futureThen do 25% eth 25% ark and put the other 50% on good coins you likefor instance, i am 70% BCH but that's because I think BTC will die.
you should get out of BTC within 30 hours tho because of the difficulty adjustment.
so basically, 50% "safe" 50% to make profitsalso you could do something like NEO which makes GAS instead of ARK.
Or XMR instead of ETH.But do put a good amount into coins that generate you money for owning them like NEO, BTB, ARK etc.
ARK and NEO are the best for that though.If you really think ETH has a future, put more than 25% in it.the point is, put whatever you are NOT willing to lose into staking and safe bets like XMR, NEO, ARK.
if you really like ETH do 50% ETH and 25% staking 25% other altsit depends also on how much risk you can tolerate.
but do not hold BTC right now, lots of uncertainty with the difficulty change in a day
and ETH is a safe bet with XMR NEO ARK
Rape of Nanking 2.0

4526114That will not happen.
Japan literally does not have the infrastructure to power huge cryptomining operations.Any news, info or anything that says otherwise is literal BS especially in 2018.
Fake Satoshi and Jihan crying about competitiveness when they ragequit bitcoin and forked their own alt just because they couldnät keep using their proprietary cheatcodes.
this is now a China thread

R&D China vs R&D JapanThat's not even a competition

Yes they can do that in 1 day.
post more china videos please