What coins have the biggest ROI potential over 2 years besides BTC, ETH, NEO, LINK, Iota and ChainTrade?
XMR and LTC.
LINKNow give that skeleton a cheeseburger.
If you're looking for good ROI in short amount of time, check out HOLD.
That's actually the name of the coin.
Just follow the partician portfolio:40% BTC10% BCC25% ETH15% ERC20 tokens10% XMR
Blocknet.
ARKGNTNXTXVGBAY
Assuming everything works well for all?
its a bit unfair to include IOTA>IOTA gets BTC's marketcap after it becomes the new standard instead of the blockchainIf blockchain is still the standard and we assume everything goes well for all the projects, then LINK>LINK gets huge partnerships like the EEA.
Price skyrockets to high heavens
OmiseGO.
It will be a $300 token at minimum.
ARK
Potentially REQ.if they deliver what they promise.
Chaintrade (CTC) (Not on any exchanges yet)If they manage what they promise..
XVGIs this shit really gonna hit 2 cents, let alone $1?
They've lied about their fuckin saran wrap program or whatever the fuck they call it, and they've been doing it for weeks.
LTC could potentially reach .1 BTC which for its price in the next few years so right now its a good holding option
Honestly out of the 100 or so coins I've researched ChainTrade looks like it's going to be the highest profit.
I'm stacking that shit like crazy, once they get their license and the platform launch approaches the price could move too fast to catch.Everything is moving to blockchain.
Commodities will ALWAYS have value.
That means it not only has legs to stand on but it could be standing tall long after everything else has fallen.
XMRand I will shill you some sleepersVTCWTCBTCD4CHN
I think it's hilarious that /biz/ hasn't caught on to XLM yet.
This has become a paid LINK circlejerk board.
$5/day gets you mad shills on Fiverr.DYOR and look into XLM.
Bitbay with their rolling peg and a totally functional market
sick of hearing about it or not but I'll say Nuls.
It's still below 1$ and blockchain to be launched in 4 months
MKRFUNICNIn decreasing order of how excited I am about them.
4431804You got me intrigued...
XLM was shilled here atleast 3 weeks before sibos when it was about 200 to 300 sats.how fucking new are you?DOYR is something losers say.
The only coins that have HODL potential are BTC and IOTA because they're both new technologiesBTC is the leader of all coins, just look at the market capIOTA has gained new heights this week and is going to exit terrestrial gravity due to it going on a Chinese exchange on the 20-22th NovemberETH is going to plummet due to its market cap being 20x too high, since this coin's total pool can be adjustedNEO is hype for yesterday and maybe todayLINK is a regular altcoin with bagging potentialChainwhat?
4CHNEat my shit
Waves
nice feetAlso, buy Ether
BCH because it'll be the real Bitcoin by May next year.WTC
Crytpo20
BCH because it is SUPER UNDERVALUED RIGHT NOW
BLK
WANCHAIN
t. American
Iota, modum, oracle (not yet released)
SALT, POWR.
RCN imoAnything with institutional or private backing such as by venture capitalists or corporations like the IBM - XLM deal is good for at least a short-term investment.
Do your research.
What the fuck.
Why.
Hey, I'm a bit new to this and I recently got some Nuls through Binance.
I'm wondering if there's a wallet I could store it on?
and any other advice would be appreciated
grill name?
iBTC
bitconnect
IOTA has gained new heights this week and is going to exit terrestrial gravity due to it going on a Chinese exchange on the 20-22th NovemberSource?