You idiots say NEo is the ETH of ASIA and bla bla ... dumb cunts cant see that only western exchanges are buying it.. what the fuk is wrong with you..
Look... you handcapped pajeets.. ASIA is buying QTUM.. the real sleeper that will run asia soon... NEO is trash and centralized...
44269154426915AUEHAUEHAEAUEHAUEHAEAUEHAUEHAEAUEHAUEHAEAUEHAUEHAEAUEHAUEHAEAUEHAUEHAEAUEHAUEHAEAUEHAUEHAEAUEHAUEHAEAUEHAUEHAEAUEHAUEHAE
OP is right.
I tried telling them this many times too.
They won't listen though.
It's pointless to warn them.
QTUM is actually bought in the east and they're like "its a shitcoin we earned so much on neo mooning in the past so we love neo its our lord and savior xD".
When did they add qtum to bithumb?
wait till tuesday NEO on bithumb 100$ fucking jews
qtumnice try
Look, who gives a FUCK what the Asians are buying.
NEO is very likely to become THE official smart contract system of China, and when it comes to actual adoption and use, most Chinese (who just want to make money, despite their feelings of the CCP) will take the easy, government-approved route of NEO.
The increasing global influence of China means that ANY other country who is wishing to conduct smart contract business with Chinese entities will have have to adopt NEO too.
It’s a no-brainer to own and hold NEO in 2018.
Was qtum added recently to bithumb or was it there before?
REPLY U NIGGER
>implying that the Chinese aren’t pretending to buy as Americans in order to keep the bull run under control
It's not o bithumb yet but imagine though.
What makes you think the CHinese are choosing NEO..
SOme fake news press release?
NEO is trash and ran by amatuers
90% of Chinese use Bittrex.
How stupid can you be?
It went on Bitthunb during all the market FUD so went unnoticed by most of you phaggots
Fuck NEO, I'm waiting for the NEO Platinum release.
This will not be a fork, but will MOON.
Don't tell anyone.
NEO isn't even on Bithumb when it is then you can fairly compare/
I always notice this too I don’t get it eitherLiterally the only shilling for neo is always that it’s the Chinese eth, it will be used by Chinese government, China will allow NEO to host ICOsBut if you actually look at the Chinese and Asian markets they literally don’t give a fuck about it lmaoWestern exchanges make up like 90% of the volumeIs NEO just a way for the chinks to scam the white mans money?