Who else here 1 in a million?>tfw comfy
i got 24
cash crew, are you seeing what I'm seeing?
a descending wedge nearing it's crescendo on BCH and an ascending wedge nearing it's crescendo on BTC.
this might be it lads
been eyeing that
fingers crossed for a .3 runup
im bullish but i dont think its ready to explode yet.
i dont know shit about TA but I believe there will be a much bigger run just not now especially after the one we just had.
I remember the first spike to 1400 then corrected to 300-400 range which is when i bought.
shit lasted a couple months so i think were gonna see that now with 900-1000 being the new floor
>Larpfags Generalftfy
 BCH (assuming you bought at current price) would be 25k, which might seem like a larp to you pajeet, but it really isn't that ludicrous
Here comes that wedgie you were asking for bcash faggots!
i only have 11, feels bad
When you say crescendo what do you mean.
Is it going to eat up my margin position?
it depends what your margin is.
highest I see BTC going is $7350 before crashing, lowest I see BCH going before mooning is .147 BTC
i will join you once bch is at 250 dollar
Guys, I know we just got dumped hard.
I've noticed it for a few days: Every time BTC is about to dip a little, or gets rejected: A massive BCH is initiated, so BCH can't gain from this momentum.
I wondered the whole time why nothing was being done against that.
Then I realized that the stability of the prize was first priority after that insane volatility of the blow-off (korean-ddos) top.
To strengthen the upcoming really, a sense of security arounf 1300 was needed.
Then all day BCH basically dumped, more and more.
I was busy, all day, and just now went to do some TA, getting in my comfortzone.
I accidently had a Finex margin long on all day, so I felt a huge stab, when i just now got a notification that my SL got hit.
I saw this enormous dump happening live,and wondered if BTC was ATH.
But nope, The BTC prize was even lower than a little before and stagnant, but BCH was just getting dealt with hard.
Then I focused on my charts again and started realising, what was happening.Check the BB, ICHI, STOCH RSI, MACD.A healthy and stable dip has been allowed.
All those sellers, can not sell again in the upcoming flippening of the indicators.
And yes, they about to flip.
;)
longs inflationary coins>sells to me before it moonsThanks based anon
literally has traded higher than 7350 in the last 24 fucking hourscuck.
Ah look, he said bcash and not Bitcoin Cash!!
Gotcha corecuck!Anyhoo good on you bro for getting to the 21 club.
I think it's going to be a rough road for a while, but Bitcoin will hit its tipping point now that their are no decentralized scaling plans.
It's pretty close to 0.147 already.
tfw poorfag at only 2.5 bchBought in entirely at $1200, so not like I'm at a huge loss right now.Just waiting patiently.
corecucks are so salty lately
^^
Go to bed, Roger.
Oh and for anyone who's watching here's how it works.Corecucks amend their bids once every 2016 blocksReal bitcoin now amends its bids once every block.Inevitable conclusion in natural market state; Bitcoin steals hashrate from corecucks until corecuck chain is permafrost.Corecuck defense;Pump massive amounts of fiat into the BTC in order to equalise mining profitability by making the bid in fiat match the BCH bid.Exploit to corecuck defense;Get into BTC, wait until the chain starts getting icy and they've run out of wallstreetbux to pump, dump it for BCH when BCH starts to moon.
Watch the fucking chaos.Even if they never run out of money, they have to keep shovelling it at you on the BTC side just to avoid permafrost chain, so either way you win.
It's just a question of do they lose too?Enjoy.
Why that high?
I'm waiting until sub-$50.
I kind of want this shitcoin for novelty, but not going to burn money on it.
This is what it looks like watching innumerates who cannot into cryptography burn money by the barrel fighting an algorithm.
22.7 here.
Bought in at 750-800.For any core holders who aren't paid or special interest shills but just normal speculators, see