After seeing the ridiculous amounts of money /v/ spent on some gay phone game fgo I want to get in on thisHow do I make loads of dosh off the lonely spaghetti spilling base?
crypto is old news, sex dolls are the future
What's the name of the manufacturer of the doll?
I'd research it myself, but I'll get flagged by my work's overly sensitive internet filters
Holy kek.
Women panicking.
With all these sex allegations, guys will just go to sex dolls.
They're already sperging out about unfair competition.KEK
Anons, can you imagine when AI gets good and it's integrated into one of these dolls?I just wonder how many years out we are.
guys pls sex bots and phone games with waifus are the futurejust tell me how to capitalize on it
What is the company that makes the doll?
jokes on you, once AI gets good I'm transferring my consciousness into a virtual reality
If you transferred your conscious into a machine, how sure could you be that it's actually still you at that point, and not a copy?You can't.
It's a scary premise.
4416785Reminder that this exists:https://youtu.be/fRj34o4hN4I
Fag
I don't think there are any publicly traded doll manufacturers yet.
I half assed looked in to it last month and didn't see anything.
Too soon I guess.
The instant I can invest in this in a reasonable way I'm getting in.
Especially in a large company that has the resources to get the average cost below $1000.
Always possible that we are living in an elaborate simulation/VR already, orchestrated by a more advanced species.
Now imagine what they have behind closed doors
Doesn't make any difference anyway.Can we not say that the classic religious belief perfectly fit this definition?
What's difference between God and a more advanced being, and between the universe and a simulation?
You're right that it doesn't make an difference, it's just an interesting thought experiment.
The idea is based in probability--if we continue on the rate of current technological development, we will someday reach the point where we can simulate a comprehensive reality.
If other intelligent species could do the same, then, as a pure matter of probability, simulated realities could proliferate, so there could be thousands of simulated realities and only one base reality.
So, it might be more likely that you're living in a simulated reality than in the "base" reality.