Sell now and move on.
This shit coin will stay shit forever.
Pretty stupid to call an investment that has only been tradeable for 1.5 months dead when every altcoin is down.
But I understand you're autistic so i guess you perceive time differently.
yeah yeah.
we "LINKies" will have the last laugh, bro.
oh and btw: we moonin'.
Why is there so much fud with this coin?
some losers here just don't get it, bro
Because people want to accumulate as long as possible.
90% of the FUD here is unwarranted and without merit.
sell lowGood advice!
It's an ico coin with 66% held by a fat dude that can't code what the fuck are you thinking
I put half a btc into it and forgot it.
Sorry you guys only have 1000 USD to play with but I can wait a couple years and if it moons I'm comfy.
Because it's a scam and we're tired of seeing it shilled to fellow biztards when there are much better buys you don't have to wait 3 years to maybe profit on
Its just congitive dissonance.
They know LINK is a silver bullet.
They know its for real.
But they are NOLINKers.
So they obsessively FUD it to try and confirm that their decision to not invest is correct.
They don't just hide the threads.
They don't just filter it out of their board.
They don't do anything that would actually mean they don't care about it.
They care so much.
They can't stop talking about it.
They can't stop FUDing, and it consumes them.
Its all they think about.
They wake up and FUD LINK.
They eat their ramen and FUD LINK.
They jerk off and FUD LINK.
They pass out next to their body pillow and dream of FUDing LINK.
They have to be right, but at the back of their head they're terrified.
They're terrified that they might miss out on the next big thing.
And so they cope by FUDing more.
And the cognitive dissonance grips their minds more tightly.
It's no longer an obsession.
Its a fetish.
But the more they try, the more they reveal the truth.We live rent free in their head.
Oh fuck you're right
R E N T F R E EGET FUCKED NO LINKERS
1/3 is for incentivizing node operators like Swift, Axa, ESPN etc/3 is for developmentFfs, other coins like NEO have 1/2 for the development team.
If they give those reserved LINKs to an old money data source, do you think those corporations will just sit back and watch those LINKs given to them plummet in price?
They will pump it to high heavens.
you're the only ones getting fucked, worse and worse ever single day
Yeah if you believe that shit.
This dude doesn't have the connections he claims, he just promises to try to make them later on.
implying I didn't buy at ICO and sell at .35 and am rebuying again>browsing LINK threads when you are a no-linkerR E N T F R E E LMAO
if you're on binance take a look into dropping link bags and picking up some blockmason bags
im not missing this moon mission
This dude doesn't have the connections he claimsYeah sure, no matter how much proof you wont believe it anyway.
Unlike faggots like you, i put my money where my mouth is.
I look at the facts and wait for me to get rich just like with my older crypto investments.
I dont listen to neets with hundred dollar portfolios like you that dont even bring up rational arguments.
Even if LINK falls an additional 50% id probably be richer than you.
steve ellis laughing all the way to the lambo dealershipmoney belly laughing all the way to carl's jr
44210824421096it's because you faggots spammed the board for weeks and every other thread was a Link thread, you acted like faggots and now that you're bagholding you're being treated like the fags you were
big this emotionally invested Youre a loser bro.
Next time learn when to take profits and to cut losses.
Deal with it.
I love LINK and bought 200 eth worth in the presale.
I dropped my bags last night to ride these other waves.
We have weeks before any major developments can bump the price.
Believe in the memeBelieve in the dream
Youre a loser bro.
Next time learn when to take profits and to cut losses.
Deal with it.Yeah sure, lets see whos going to fail in the span of months.
Im pretty confident in this investment.
Although I have other short term holds.
Having read the white papers I think its a decent coin, I understand some of the criticisms but I don't understand why people think it is a scam.
People thought bitcoin was a scam, same with ETH.
The amount of FUD has convinced me to atleast put my feet in the link pools.A side note: Pretty sure most of the link FUD is done by link holders either A) trying to drive the price down and accumulate or B) literally just enjoying the meme.
kek'd
confuses data source with node operator
It's not FUD, it's solid advice.
Chainlink is a piece of shit and you should dump ASAP.Buy BCH and you'll actually be able to recover your losses off corecucks eventually.
Data sources are fucking node operators you dumbfuck.
k linker here.Option B is the patrician choice for all Link Hodlers.
I watch the dips , FUD a lot and average down every chance i get.
i feel comfy with Link even when its tanking.
Its strange.
hide the fucking threads you lazy fuck
Have they even applied to be listed on any other exchanges???
This is a joke
Data sources are fucking node operators you dumbfuck.Well then this diagram from the whitepaper is confusing af.
continues to insist that data sources are node operators
when someone says to invest in BCH, I'm glad I know to disregard everything they fucking ever say.
I'm buying just because its cheap and I have money I don't mind losing if it all turns out to be a wash.
If not buying at this price is a steal.
People forget that ETH and BTC were sketchy as dogshit for a while.
You better believe I wish I could find my old BTC wallet when it was like $5 a coin and a 'bad idea'
4421251Legit cringed.
Burn your homes down and kill yourselves.
But why would you set your head on fire Anon??
What is the point of going through nodes?
How will they help at all?