>hear about legacy "1337 btc/day" accounts getting locked pending verification about two months ago>also had learned the site appears to be run out of a (shitty) condo and/or vacant parking lot>in the wake of the obvious exchange-led across the board dump from fees that was undertaken very unprofessionally>evacuate funds>bitcoin gold comes out>thanks /biz/ I dust off my buttrecks account sell for over .07 >the meme has come true for me, now buttrecks sees my account as a new user and wants me to verify, withdraw limit is .025/day>withdraw the laughable minimum, fuck sending my info to their condo, I'm done with them>go back 24 hours later for phase 2 of the extraction>my w/d limit is now zero>MFWI don't even care.
I'll just trade for fun with my tiny remaining amount (until that functionality gets shut down) if even that.
I'm not giving them shit.
I hope the SEC sees the amount of money that went through my account with nothing other than an email address and throws the book at the people running the place.
This experience made me think that beyond just having a bad trading engine and kyc policies that they may be insolvent.
What other reason is there for the BTG cash grab?
It reeks of desperation.
This place is the next cryptsy waiting to happen.
yeah fuck bittrex, I had to do a new withdrawal every day for a week to get my shit out of there because they ruined the withdrawal limit for some reason
What are the alternatives then?
Bitfinex
Don't talk bad about bittrex.
i keep a lot of fucking money on that exchange you silly little buttpirate
You could say the same thing about Coinbase.
You could say the same about any exchange - so what's the best alternative?
Bittrex seems to have the highest approval from most people.
I rarely see any serious complaints.
Move all your shit to Bitfinex I'm sure you'll be happier there.
unironically Poloniex
They all suck, pick your poison.
I really think decentralized exchanges are going to be huge in the coming months.
I deposited $150 in btc a week ago which is now 250$ but I can't withdraw anything.
The verification thing doesn't work and support doesn't answer.
>fuck sending my info to their condo, I'm done with themyes because they're going to sell your identityit's for their protection you imbecile, what if you are a wanted criminal?
they'll get fucked if they allow you transfer money.
they don't give a shit about who you are as long as you're not a criminal.
I don't need that kind of verification on the other exchanges unless I want to withdraw or deposit fiat.
You don't need verification to sign up for any exchanges I don't believe?
I'm on all of them and I am only verified on 1 because I wanted to withdraw.
These exchanges dont' give a fuck unless you are doing something with fiat.
Hell, to sign up for Binance they say that it's banned in the USA and thye ask you if you are in the USA.
All you gotta do is click NO and boom, you're on it, lol.
binance
My limit went from 3BTC to .4BTC.
When did this happen?
pls don't meme a bittrex crash into existence until after thanksgiving at leastbinance"Succeed" and no 2FA unless chink?
no thx
American exchange>Zero ID verificationPick one, we have laws here.
You are the issue.
Them complying with regulations is hardly a death knell.
And of course it's a condo.
What do you expect from an internet company?
They literally buy server space from amazon or google, the address only exists so they can be a company.
happened to me too funny enough i just sent 0,01 btc for testing.
before i sent it still stated i have 3 btc/day as soon they got the 0,01 btc now i have 0,4 btc a day withdraw limit lmao fuck these faggots
I personally do really not care for "their protection".
Which is how I assumed it would be on bittrex when I deposited.
Nope, withdrawing any btc is forbidden unless I give them all kinds of personal data and in my case even that didn't work.
god why the fuck can no one talented open a decent EU exchange kraken is a piece of shit
Don't expect to use their exchange
When you're depositing there should be a clear indicator that they will keep that money unless you go through some process that exposes your personal information and doesn't even work.
Not being clear about this is fraud, they lead me on as if I can withdraw until the final confirmation screen when I'm finally notified that "nope sorry, your money is ours now".
not true faggot, the sms 2fa is for chinks only in china but the google authenticator is for everyone else.
binance is where to be at these days.