MARK YOUR CALENDARS AS THE DAY NEO MADE YOU RICH : NOV 18thA brand new decentralized trust ecosystem is being previewed in Shanghai before its launch in New York City later this month.Hosted by blockchain pioneers Onchain.Attended by blockchain industry enthusiasts and partners.For individuals with all technological backgrounds.Speakers include: - Can Wang, Senior Vice President and Executive Director of Fosun - Zhoudong Ji, Deputy Secretary-General of MIIT (Ministry of Industry & Information Technology) Blockchain Forum & Head of MIIT Open-Source Workgroup - Dongdong Wang, Product Director at China Financial Certification Authority (CFCA) - Hongfei Da, CEO of Onchain & Blockchain Community Leader - Jun Li, Chief Architect of Onchain & Author of MIIT Blockchain Standardsa member of the Chinese Government's MIIT Department and NEO's Da Hongfei will be presenting on the same stage.
And that too with a member of a multinational multi-billion dollar Chinese conglomerate investor who has already invested millions in OnChain.
also products director of Chinese financial certificate authority.
and thekey ICO on neo chain.How do you not hold at least 50% of your portfolio in this?
300 NEOAm i gonna make it?
decentralized?
So it's not NEO since it's absolutely centralized.
BUY.
Noob here, what's a good entry point for Neo, right now or do you think it will dip to $30?
Decentralization is over-rated, still amuses me when decentralization snowflakes get triggered.
4275938>Joins in the shilling of NEO>Anon points out that the thing probably isn't NEO because it isn't decetnralized>'Psh, decentralization is overrated'Even when shown to be wrong you'll shill
Read the road map.
It's getting decentralized in 2018
what does it matter when it will eventually be triple the current price?
:)
NEO will bring my these kind of girls in 1 year
Can someone logically (I shudder to use that word on 4 chan) walk me through this matters at all?
NEO is going to some random conference therefore lambo?
A centralized blockchain is little more than an inefficient database.
It's loopring
Ya I'm pretty sure of that too.
If loopring explodes thanks op.
This + Loopring added to BIttrex early December.
Is this my 10x?
I'm only holding 30k LRC.
Need a news link bruh