>Just hodl>x10-20 EoY>Next OMG 2.0>Next PayPal 2.0>soon 1$-10$ because of burrning Meanwhile keeps bleeding to death.
RIP shitcoin.
Bought at it's current low so really comfy
Sometimes you should wonder if we really need that coin.
Everybody is buying at the ATL and selling at the ATH.
This board of full of PHD daytraders and multi millionairesReally comfy
why do you would need a new pay pal when you could have a complete ebank systemhttps://tokensale.crypterium.io/ref=ca6029377486fd5533047d68
just survivorship bias I bought COSS twice as much as its currently worth so Im holding those bags but you wont see me talking much about it in a thread.
No clue wtf this is, but as long as it's not an exit scam like Confido, it will be better than REQ.
REQ isnt going to do shit until its on bittrex (if ever)
>came out at a bad time >a month old>nothing released yet>WAH GIVE LAMBO NOWHave some fucking patience
You're holding a shit token through a 50% loss?
That's... brave.
Seriously, you should drop COSS for whatever you can get for it, it's a joke.
They won't have fiat gateways for at least another year.
How far do you think REQ will have come in that time?
Have patience, just hodl ;))>I am invested, please don't sell now
i don't know why everybody on this board wants every fucking coin to be a fucking PnDit's not good for the market or mass adoption at all
k LINKk REQbutk OMGand still hodling strong.Don't be a daytrader anons, find a hobby, I've picked up programming.
You should too.
I was thinking about REQ but then saw it had a female dev.
Proceeded to give my money to LINK.
Not so proud owner of 22k ELIX bought right near ATH
DO NOT BUY REQUEST NETWORK.
DIVIDENDS MAKE IT A SECURITY.
NO EXCHANGE WITH ANY KIND OF VOLUME WILL LIST DIVIDEND PAYING SECURITIES.
Delineate?
Any coin that supposed to be the next anything just replace the word after Next with turd.
REQ does not pay dividends.
You are either an idiot who can not do basic research, or you are an idiot spreading low-quality FUD.
Elix is a scam.
Read the website.
Never explains how incentives will line up for people to lend to each other.
No collateral, no nothing.
Has classic greed-traps that give no utility to the coin like the "mother-child account you make and you generate elix".Get out while it's not too late.
If you doubt me, read the website and the whiter paper and think critically about how exactly it's going to work.
doesn't that mean ARK is a security since it pays dividends or whatever they call it?
Isn't ARK on a lot of markets?
There are legal differences between straight up dividends and earning coins through staking/PoS.
ENG-edAST-edREQtFUck ICOS
https://docs.google.com/document/d/168GRr4WmmTCAMMkyE-3UfoWWOXj2Ccr0n5S0jfYdiLU/editRequest.network research paper.
I make these for my longterms anon,
REQ is guaranteed x10 minimum, the only question is when
Nothing is guaranteed.
Anything who thinks there are guarantees in the crypto world hasn't been here long enough.
Next confido
comfy af.big news coming out this friday.
You mean literally nothing like the last update?
read their twitter desu.they are hinting something big this update.
Communication Reminder:We give a special attention to our project updates and will often use them to give exclusive news.
Be sure to subscribe to our blog at This one?
You are reading too much into it
 OMG!
They reminded people to subscribe to their blog.
Must be something huge coming.
Bought 100k.
REQt holders are as deluded as linkies
Some people are overly optimistic, sure, but REQ is going to be huge.
Thinking that a Data Analyst is a Dev
x10-x20 right?
Eventually, but not for a while.
Anyone telling you it will hit that by EOY is shilling/actually deluded.The first growth pump will come from hype/FOMO once people see the product is ready to launch (they are ahead of their roadmap).
The real growth will come as soon as a big partner (newegg, someone like that) places the "Pay with Request" button on their site.
thinking that big business will put pay with request on their website.There's no indication of this happening at all.
Add a zero.
so x0.10-x0.20?
Yeah, it's over for REQ we should all sell right now to cut our losses.
Partnership with LINK, hold both and look back in 6 months time for an easy 10x.
These coins are legit even with /biz fucking everything up by shilling them so hard.
holding 65k of both.
Pack it up boys, it's over - let's all sell our 2k REQ and then stop fudding.
The market would be better for it..
trying to shit on a token that actually has a ton of usecases because it doesn't moon 10x in a week.go buy some confido bags boi, you seem like the person who likes the quick pnd exit scam bags.
$0.2 by EOY is my predictionNot selling for head though.
I love the idea of this project and its a project I can afford to be emotionally invested in.
It's a great team, a great concept and they don't shill their own product.
They want their work to speak for itself.
That's enough for me to want them to succeed.
End of year is a bit over a month you know?
Why are you expecting it to 4x in the next month?
Everyone got this mentality about his Investment decision.
Stop with the emotions.>muh infinite usw cases, don't speak against my financial decision>Soon x100And guess what's the reality?
The majority of your great Investments will bleed to death.
REQ is looking to the same, that's a fact right now.
test net release
take your fucked up english and suck your own dick with it, pajeet
This And also bitcoin over request network PoC and api release to create and send requests
Soon below 0.00013 ETH.
Really great performance ;)
you seem salty anon, whats happening?
is this because you bought my bags at 0.00022 eth ?
:(Ive now rebought at 0.00015, comfy
I never implied there was any indication of this already happening.
You must have missed the part of my comment that says this will not happen by EOY.You do realise that we are investing in projects before they launch, right?
How many businesses were lining up to add a "Pay with PayPal" button on their website, one month after they started development?
Not many.
So obviously it will take a while, but the potential is there for anyone with the foresight to see it.
The continuous payment is what makes it interesting.
Personally I think that will take a while to come through - it's a mental shift for some people, so adoption will be slow IMO.
Pay With Request will pump it in 2018, Continuous Payments in 2019, and automated payments (my car paying for parking automatically) in 2020.
Exciting times!
CP sounds good in theory and this idea is everything else than new.
Why would REQ be the first one to implement it with success?
It's so funny to see the moon kids angry because they sold at a loss because of their adhd and now hate req because it didn't 10x right away.The amount of salt that will be here when req starts really going up it's gonna be epic.
Kyber people are telling the sameENG people are telling the sameAIR people are telling the sameAST people are telling the same Quantstamp people will tell the soonFCK the list goes on and on, but i guess you get the point.
None of those will have a working product in 3 weeks though..
4484239 well Kyber's delivering soon its exchange but eng and air... fuck them pajeets
Because it can be trustlessly implemented within the confines of a blockchain and smart contracts
Did x5 on Kyber the 2nd day you are exepthing TOO MUCH
I'll just wait with investing my money until it starts moving, price will probably get lower every day until anyway.
Since confido I started doing more research into the team's and REQ team are no winners, this project is far 2 ambitious for them to succeed.
Just look at their other project moneify or smthing, nothing impressive.
You are completly right sir.
Does nobody know what this shit means?
You guys are autists if you don't believe in this project
Well their last project moneytis was also backed, and obviously it didn't mean much.
Yeah this means nothing.
YC and ING are the only logos that mean anything in that pic.
Also, backed by their own shitty company (website) just show how desperate they are to trick naive people into investing (putting money in their pockets so they can travel more lmao) Don't fall for this anon.