ARN is currently the lowest mcap coin on binance (also on hitbtc) still very unnoticed despite being the top coin on binance for 24 hour gains.
Atm we sitting on ico price (50 cents) despite it being up 30%.
Some ico investors dumped below ico price because their wife was in urgent need of tampons.
Next week arn is doing a conference in china with binanace and walton coin to market this thing in asia and bring exposure.
It is already undervalued due to being in development since early 2016.
This isnt vapour wear tech and not deservant of a 5 mil mcap.
This will rise fast this week.
Expect up to 6-8x profit.
That will put it at 30 mil mcap.
Lets go boys.
Moon is coming

Fuck, how didn't I know about this?
Put 2BTC in last night at 32c.
Easy peasy money.With or without /biz/ support it will see big growth leading towards the conference next Saturday.
Just checked in Gravychain and I like what I see, thanks OP
how much did you get paid to post this rakesh?
No one knows about it yet although they are learning.
And with the conference there will be a huge inflow of new investors.
This is such a hidden gem

Thanks Pajeet.
Just shorted 100 K.
I want the half naked girl picture
Only 21 bitcoin on binance will take us to 100% profit boys thats easy when your at ico price
whats that app called, bro ?
This coin is a no brainer
I said it in the comment because I knew someone would ask, Gravychain, I like it way more thank blockfolio, have a shitload more options, not so easy to use tho
Thanks for telling me about this guys!
I did my own research and put in a couple of BTC here.
Confident it's going to rise quickly.
love 4chan
Just invest and come back next week u be thankful
cjeers
All this polite bullshit is the most transparent paid shilling yet.
Fuck off
Just invest and come back next week u be thankfulkek
A lot of good things coming this month

This is so undervalued, the biggest gem i’ve found
Faggot are you for real.
I feel like your trying to make me buy the high faggot.
Yeah we trying to make you buy the high bro.
Its currently at ico price.
Its so fucking high right now holy shit!
Seems like it.
Show me this news please
Fuck you all, both shillers and fudders, I was happy buying at 4k sats and you started to shill this too soon so now I can't buy more at that cheap priceFuck you
Dont buy and come back next week friend
Let this shit dump, dump it fuckers!
Dump it all the way to 3k sats, I dare you, I fucking double dare you jerks
Hahaha people hating on this coin But knowing they want this gainssssss
LOL read the fucking whitepaper.
This project is a joke.
No technical specifications.
Poor English.
Unnecessary use case.
Plus, do you think the aviation industry would budge at the mercy of these 6 people?
Quote from the WP: "The total supply of ARN will slowly decrease over time, as tokens are takenout of circulation, for example, when someone with ARN loses their privatekeys, therefore, ARN will be effectively deflationary.
"Plus absolutely nothing about having their own mainnet, absolutely no technical details provided but provides a bunch of bullshit forecasts.
This is a CLEAR SCAM
link to the WP?
https://aeron.aero/AeronWhitepaper.pdfFucking seriously.
nice website + bullshit buzzwords = fucking ez money
All I hear is pump and dump like a shill does
Invest in REAL blockchain products like Loopring protocol.
Big news coming with NEX and Neo
If it pumps I dont give a shit about the project lolEven doge pumps and is the biggest shitcoin ever
Yeah as long as you fucking get out asap
of course dude, but looking at where it is(Binance) and that mcap, it can pump a lot, a good 2x-3x return is always something to try, I'm not going to put all my money in it, just like a 10% of the portfolio
Very nearly panic sold on Friday night when it dropped to like 50% of my initial investment.
Thank fuck it was the first Friday in months I'd decided to stay sober.
Some ico investors dumped below ico price because their wife was in urgent need of tampons.lmao
Like that's ever stopped a coin from mooning fuck off with your weak attempt at FA.