I ll catch up my losses you did to me.ChainLink will be a nice thing, but not for now.I lost about 2 BTC on Link -sad story :*(
Tfw bought at ICO, sold 60% at SIBOS peak... should have sold all of it but whatever, I'm okay bagholding the rest
Oh linkies.
What would the world of cryptocurrencies be without you?
What do, we owe the honour.
The promise of Link seemed glimmering at first.
The premise of 'rent free' was surely innovative and ahead of its time.
But, as time showed us, this coin was nothing more than a pump and dump that inadvertently created the most deranged community of bag holders known to man.
A community that incessantly screeches "rent free" whenever they feel threatened, which is very common.
To be a linkie is to be deranged.
Having lost everything, whether it be your house, marriage, wife's sons college money or life-savings surely takes a toll on the mental serenity of a linkie's mind.
Slight threats critiquing the developers of Chainlink sets the common linkie into a state of neurosis that can only be cured by euthanasia or the eventual revaluing of this godforsaken currency.
However, once the price reaches 10 cents, the value will continue falling.
This crash will be catalyzed by the fact that thousands of wallets will be lost as a mass suicide of linkies, causing the price to dip even further.
Don't be deranged, don't be a linkie
You can buy in whenever you wa--- OH SHIT'S MOONING 100x OH SHIT YOU'RE MISSING SOMETHING GET IN GET IN
BUY THE RUMOR SELL THE NEWSIT'S NOT ROCKET SCIENCEQUICK CHASE THE POWR PUMP, I HEARD IT'S GOING TO HAVE A 10 BILLION DOLLAR MARKETCAP TOMORROW.
Stop pasting this in multiple threads faggot.
4503799You are such a fag that wont ever make it.
You are the kind of "cool guy" who laughes about everything and thinks knows best when i fact you are a broke as loser whos gambling addict.
Go buy some CS GO skins you fucker.
Kids like you thought eth will never make now look.
If i would have heard to kids like you i would have sold eth at 6 USD.
Fucking pathetic loser
Currently my least favorite copy pasta