Wow.
What is Operation Dragonslayer?
who/what is slush
More info please.
Where did you get this?
Who are they?
Who do they know?
When was this published?
Etc.
etc.
etc.
a mining pool
Slushpool is the oldest bitcoin mining pool.
https://twitter.com/BitcoinCash_/status/931219540448604161
I don't know much more.
I assume the pic is showing a whiteboard in the background of a pic of the CTO of Rocketr.
Wow guys, very interesting.
Also, I found this in a random forum, do you think it's true?>brexit happens>trump becomes president>OP kills himselfTwo of the first three happened guys.
The last one will surely happen too.
DELETE
>Write something on whiteboard>Retards automatically assume it's true
What is Operation Dragonslayerin for 100k
This reminds me of a pic from the NBA that showed a whiteboard accidentally with all their plans about free agency.
It led to the GM being fired.
This one has led to me thinking about going all in on BCH.
The price seems stable here, not a lot to lose and a lot to gain if I'm getting the next BTC at 1k.
Proof that this existed before today?
Gee, wonder why the BitcoinCash_ cocksucker account tweeted the photo as well?lol fucking scammers
From what I can gather it is at least five days old.
So he at least has called the fake segwit2x 4-5 days before it happened.
we knew that one already
I didn't know a small group of miners were going to try to do it anyway.I guess we will just have to see if the other things come to pass.
IDK what Operation Dragonslayer is but I assume it is a massive pump where the BTC holders sell all their BTC for BCH.
That would be in eight days.
Slush joining BCH will fall right on the date the BTC difficulty is recalculated and that one would have been very hard to call because no one knew that miners were going to be pumping hashpower to BTC to make the difficulty adjustment come early which is what is happening if you check here- https://fork.lol/pow/retarget
Yeah but difficulty will come down for BTC, not up.I don't know what to make about slush going to BCH though
So if Slush does join BCH on the 24th, Operation Dragonslayer will become a self fulfilling prophecy for the sole reason this pic has 'leaked'.
So much misdirection and manipulation.
slay the fucking dragon already i'm sick of this shit