Is it that time again /biz/?
WatchingDo something
Neo climbs at 2 am pst aka in 6 hours.
Expect minor climbing to 570k before then
When I woke up this morning I missed the moon, now it looks like it's doing the same pattern.
Perhaps we are again entering the matrix.
Bumping for late night talks cause while my friends are out partying, I am mastering the block-chain...
Bumping again cause it's actually mooning.
It moves so slowwwwLet's talk, someone post some TAs or some bullshitPrice predictions?
Let me know
Here you go bro.
There is no fucking way it'd crash so early before the news.
WHY THE FUCK IS THIS SHITCOIN MOONINGI SOLD AT 40 DOLLARS AT A LOSS FUCK
If the news is legit it shouldn't crash but instead stabilize.
The price crash from a while back was because China banned ICO's, if that is not the case anymore, there's nothing holding it back to chill up there with ETH.
Because it's not a shitcoin.
It never has been, never will be
This shitcoin has legit companies growing behind it.
Slow and steady wins the race.
you guys do realize this "shitcoin" has been eating 50-100btc sell walls consistently for 2 days now may be slow moving but this train isn't stopping a 125 btc buy order don't show up out of nowhere for no reason especially while btc is hitting new ath every other week
Agree.
If the government lifts it's hand from it all kinds of money will come pouring in.
The news will be out of this world and we will see NEO getting the biggest gains EVER seen in crypto.
If you don't have any NEO at all right now you are a fucking retard.
the gov isn't lifting it's handsits keeping it's control by backing a chinese blockchain that wants to and has been complying all alongidiots think the whitepaper mentions government compliance 'just cause'?china backs chinese tech just ask google
I'm currently holding 21.1 NEO that I bought at various points between .0063 and .0053.Will it be safe for me to go to sleep tonight?
Any way I can set an alarm on my phone with Bitfolio that actually makes noise?
go to sleep comfy, anon.
its probably that guy who bought a fuckload of bch at 500 throwing a hail mary or kys