Really makes you think.
Wtf i hate bitcoin now
Yea makes me think about what fraction of the worlds population is at the bottom 10% with you in terms of intelligence levels.
Could it be...
Yes!
A speculation vehicle backed by a neat technology!
>tax evasion YES>paying anonimously YES>money laundering YES
If there wasnt volatility there would be no big up swings.>Not correlated to real economy, this is also good because it means you can use btc as a hedge.>stock value>counting unitI dont even know what this is supposed to mean.Imo those "no"s are a good thing, If you want the things fiat currencies provide just invest in those.
.
.
>Liquidity: NO>Stock value: NO Pretty sure it'll be listed next year if I remember some report a while back.
It's missing one category:Can it be confiscated by the government:Paper fiat: YES, Buttcorn: NO
Hmmm...
https://twitter.com/julianassange/status/919247873648283653?lang=en
le massive returns memeDo you personally know any actual person who has actually profited from Bitcoin, or are you just spreading the myth?
This is fiction and everybody knows it, just like people profitting millions from MLM shit like Mary Kay: P R O P A G A N D A
I was just pointing out that with Bitcoin, Julian was able to completely bypass the global banking cartel.
fixed it
criminal commits more crime thanks to bitcoinWhat's the news here?
Whistleblowing on criminal activity inside the government isn't criminal.
If you really think that, your entire moral compass is completely out of whack.
fuck you, commie.
t. brainlet
Makes Jews rich:>currency: yes>bitcoin: OY VEY!!!
Shut it down!
This is what cryptotards actually believe.
Why is liquidity low when you can sell/buy any coin almost instantly?
Crypto is permissionless.
Even a Jew can use it.
But there is no need for (((central bank))) with a monopoly on the supply.
Try again.
cope
Didn't they auction off bitcoins from the silk road?
Crypto is by far the most lucrative investment right now and will be for a very long time.
Why would (((they))) want it shut down?
Bitcoin>DecentralizedIn the beginning that was true.
Now it's just propriety shit of Blockstream.