Do you realize overt displays of wealth is the only way to get laid
And here I thought it was superior genetics.
get laidall I want is some peace and quiet, and to be free from wageslavery.
millions of people are poor and get laid every daymaybe youre just a beta sperglord OP
lmao people from every walk of life gets laid.except for superautists like u ofc
im buying this soon:https://www.jardinemotors.co.uk/aston-martin/new-cars/vantage-amr/
you're autistic, i'm not even that good looking and got laid plenty from 15 to the present day (27).i'm also a nerd and barely know how to communicate.
all you need to do is get out and try to talk to people without mumbling.pic related my gf of 4+ years
Screen Shot
ya, just went into her instagram.
not about to post a full pic too, i've been here far too long.
go back to /r9k/
.9% get laid.
It's nothing special.
There is no achievement behind it.
I can smell your weak, skinny, virgin body from here, OP.
Get some confidence, work on your health and your body like a normal member of society.
thisand this/threadkys op
I'm a NEET living with my parents and have girls over from tinder all the time.I usually have some soft music on when they arrive, have a candle lit, make them dinner and pour them a drink, and then put on a movie after.
We cuddle and that leads to me railing their brains out.
I have done this 16 times now.
got it down to a system, eh?
probably BS but tell her to drop that ridiculous kardashian lookeveryone is doing it but it is fucking ugly.
this is what happens when white girls try to follow the makeup trends of shitskins.
Decamillionaire here.Yeah not really.
For one, if a chick is looking to bang she just wants to have a good time.
If you're tall, fit, funny and admirable that's all that matters for something short term.Being a McDonald's wagecuck is going to be a big hindrance long term, sure.
But the prestige and power of your position matters a lot more than the money itself.
A Senator pulling $200k is going to be a lot more attractive than a portapotty company owner pulling $2MM a year.
kardashian lookwhat?
her hair is naturally curly.
we're from BR hue land but she has italian ancestry.pic related is her hair when she straightens it
I'm a hipster who associates with other filthy hipsters and some of the most promiscuous men I know own nothing but a filthy mattress and a suitcase full of clothes.
If that.
no the fucking plug in the ear, the vertical cut eyebrows and the brown lipstickTHEY ALL LOOK THE FUCKING SAM EFUCIN REEEEEEEEEEEEE AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Idiot.
It only shows that the only thing you have to offer is money.
Which probably is true.
Which obsiously is a big turn off.If you want to be suckered in to a marriage and lose 50% when you divorce.
Your tactic is ideal.
how is the ear gage a kardashian look?
that's basically a remnant from the time she was emo lol
You mean the "natural" look right lmao
I've never had any wealth to overtly display, yet somehow am not a virgin.
why cant women look fucking normal?their hivemind is so fucking lame.
they cant do anything original.pic related is natural
Ya I feel like makeup hides their face too much where they pretty much look like carbon copies of each other.
It's even worse in Korea lmao.
This
4521067and heres anons gf same shit look at the brows and the tan and the lips
>my 15 year old 6'2'', male model looking cousin which has low-middle class parents and no money other than what their parents give him to go out at the weekend (like 50€) has sex with ridiculous perfect 10/10 prime goddesses and they actually enjoy it, which means you enjoy it too.
He's always in good mood and has 0 stress.>meanwhile incels go throught their prime years with no pussy, let alone 7+ hotties, dreaming with one day getting rich (you will not) so you can get some golddigger with muh lambo>yfw you realize no money can buy the experience of having good genetics, which is why billionaires have to resort to stressful tricks to fuck hot 16-17yos if they dont want to resort to used up whores and these girls are disgusted at the whole thing and will eventually ruin your career because you are a dirty pedo lossertldr: Kill yourself if you aren't Chad.
ThisGive me a cottage and a fireplace and enough money to retire and I'll be content
fucking girls with your parents next door Most pathetic shit ever.
No attractive girl would resort to that unless you were a young Chad (which you aren't).And you can't live on your own unless your parents are rich and give you a house, by the time you can live on your own you are too old and your hair starts receding so you are dead to any anglo, 7+ prime female.
yfw these cuts on her arm are due Chad playing with her feelings
Good eye anon.
Although it probably wasn't Chad but Dad.
Why would you want to fuck some shallow whore who only cares about your wealth?
Fucking neckbeards.
It's easy to get laid if you just look alright and have a spine...
Would you rather fuck some shallow whore who only cares about your health?
Seriously though, get healthy, like as healthy as possible because it helps.
yfw you realize she calls Chad daddy
being this bitter and jealouswew
it is.a rich manlet will get blown the fuck out by a poor chad.every timeyou can't fuck with genetics, because genetics can't be compromised.
I would rather not fuck a shallow whore period.
Not true ask Harvey Weinstein