bch breakout, flippening is still on guys
This is just accumulation.
Given current hashrate, the happenings start in 12 hours
Obvious pump and dump is obvious.
Why would the difficulty adjustment make a difference?
Bitcoin is lowering in difficulty, not increasing..
https://fork.lol/pow/retarget
 They would need to lock in a high difficulty and crash the price while raising the price of BCH and having low difficulty.
Well shit should i short btc or do i just hold
Hodl
Bollinger and RSI on a slightly angled market.It's like you specifically don't want to know what exactly will happen with the price.
too late to short just hodl dont worry sir bitcoin cash not going aneware believe me bro bitcoin is the best cryptocurry it change my life
Idea was to short it into bch and then short bch towards the end of its bull run.
They just want to it to be locked in for another 2016 blocks before they pump BCH, crash BTC and cause the profitability of mining BTC to be very low compared to mining BCH, making any neutral parties not mine BTC.The slow rate of mining (at a loss) on the BTC chain will cause massive transaction stagnation, and increased transaction prices, leading to panic sell offs on exchanges because BTC is no longer effectively transferable, the blockchain rendered useless.
This will push the price further down and cement the unprofitability of mining BTC and thus its death as a blockchain, and consequently its death as a currency with value.This is why so many people are cock sure that BCH will kill BTC.The semi-complicated nature of this is also why so many people are ignorant about how check mated bitcoin is.
Fucking hell that is the most pajeet thing I've read on this board.Don't short BTC.
As much as I want the flippening to happen, it won't.
Make a quick buck with BCH then go back into BTC which will only have dropped a few hundred dollars.
flippening is still on guysWas it ever off?It will happen, but it will take a long time.
maybe even 2 months.
Waiting for it to happen instantly just makes you dissapointed tomorrow and sell your BCH.
Bad trades = lose money long term.
counterfeit-Bitcoiner emergesChing chang rittle brain
I have no arguments>Fuck, daily billios of volume.
And I said "pump&dump"Ehhhm ching chong?
And if anyone is in any doubt at all that this really is check mate, look back in the bitcoin subreddit right now and the other various blockstream core shill channels.
Normies are being whipped up to "buy the dip" (smart money on that side is offloading their bags of shit).
Many of the shills have started with "you don't even need to make transactions for a store of value, really" narrative.
They know what's coming.
They've accepted they can do nothing about it.
They're just trying to save their own asses at this stage.
Good shout.
Most people haven't noticed this because it's completely new behaviour, but this is exactly how it is going down.
This is it.
No more mercy.
Collect their fucking heads.
And don't let them spin it into some stupid fucking victim narrative.
We're here because they bought us here.
They're to blame for their own situation.
We're just subjecting them to the consequences of years of subversion and malevolent behaviour.
McAfee said this would happen in a video but not when or anything.
He said BCH will win because of its mining profitability attacks essentially as it's just business and what is more profitable.
crashing from 0.43 to 0.10 in the last fall>totally not a pump and dumpPing pong suck Jihan's schlong.
Roger, is that you?
go2bedno stop loss
You need something to mine to get money, you can't be profitable on 10 blocks a day when BTC has tens of thousands.
BCH had 25 blocks on its BEST day.
It has a really really long way to go if it wants miners to jump in.People, think, numbers don't lie.
not sucking his money weener dry
An unhealthy (congested/high fee) chain is not valuable.
Coins that are hard to transfer are not valuable.
Why use them when you can use another healthy chain without the shitty experience?BCH is competing with a superior user experience, and BTC will never keep up.
>woken up in the middle of the night because I set an alert for when BCH is <.195 >it's now reboundingThank god.
I can go back to sleep now right?
BCH doesn't really have much to offer in the long run, it only has bigger blocks, which has pros and cons to it.
Besides that it's just an outdated fork of core with zero updates in the last two months.
It's more convenient for transactions, but then again there are multiple better coins when it comes to that.
noprim not sleping.
smoking all night watching this shit right here boyo
What about Bitcoin Diamond?
but its bitcoin.
a better bitcoin than we have now
This is debatable to be honest.
The lack of BCH's own code makes this whole ordeal sound very scammy to me.
They just took BTC, copied it, changed one value, and then seemingly abandoned the whole thing, apart from marketing.
In the same time, since the fork, core had more than 70 updates.
The flippening would have already happened then if it wasn't for BCH EDA which saved BTC.
Now there's no BCH EDA.
What about Bitcoin Diamond?
I see nothing about it on /biz/, but we're due to get 10BCD for each BTC we have...
Check Bitcoin ABC git.
They have more frequent updates than Blockstream Coin..
It's the same bitcoin that was developed for 8 years.
What was there to update besides the difficulty adjustment?
Graphene is coming at some point.
A true shit coin.
We're also getting Bitcoin Silver soon..
But I'll be getting free shit of it on binance so at least I might make some money trading with it.
Core had two major updates with support for new features of the protocol, multiple security enhancements.
I'm not denying BCH is the same thing as BTC was up until the fork.
What worries me is the fact that it's just an old code with absolutely nothing else on top of it.
There's zero developer engagement in BCH.
Damn, I wasn't holding Bitcoin at block height 495866.
I could have gotten 1500 shitcoin diamonds.Oh well.
They'll probably be worth $0.01 each anyway.
Yeah, or it'll level out at a decent dollar or something at least, and then you've got some more to daytrade with!
It was already forked anyway, no?
495866.
It's now 495877
Yup, I kept a bunch of my BTC and refrained from trading around the time and I'll be getting my BCD soon!
BCH implemented a new DAA via a hard fork (what BTC is unable to do).
The new DAA is unequivocally better than the EDA or the 2016-block adjustment, just from the fact that BTC is vulnerable to an 'attack' of miners potentially leaving it.
BCH under the same conditions wouldn't care, blocks would still pop out as normal.They've also implemented multiple fixes, including partial maleability fixes.
A possible update to the addressing may be done in early January to prevent anyone from accidentally sending BCH to BTC addresses as well.
BCH has not been idle.
I see small updates on their website.
We got the DAA 11 days ago.
Are you looking for them to fix things that aren't broken or what?
I can see why core would need to throw out updates because of segwit.
I had like 1.5 BTC in Binance and 2 BTC in Kraken.
I wonder if also Kraken will deliver.
Anyway, I'm mostly in BCH and BTG and doubt BCD will ever go anywhere
Even if it doesn't really go anyway, it's still free money and when it gets listed, we can hopefully experience a pump and dump for it to get some more free money.
I guess.
So next Bitcoin Silver?
Yup, I can't be arsed to look up which block but I know binance makes a News post about it everytime and handles it all, just keep it in binance.It even accounts for unfilled orders.
LTC breakout??
4537235Wait... there's 2 more fucking forks coming?What a shitshow this is becoming.
The *POOF* is going to be fucking epic.
BCD is already forked.
BCH had 25 blocks on its best dayRetard core shills think there were only 4ish hours yesterday, resorting to outright fucking idiotic and blatant lying... You'll get what's coming to you
They've accepted they can do nothing about it.They're jumping ship to BTG.
That escape vehicle existed for a reason.
BTG is a laughing stock shitcoin.
If corecucks honestly need to hide there they're in a much worst state than even I imagined.
shotr