>announcements coming soon prove this project isn't nothing
95% chance of being nothing
i'm 30% on iota, hope this is some good shit
agree to disagree.
next month will be the start and 2018 will be huge for IOTA

https://twitter.com/BullionBaron/status/931645715675168768
i wish i bought more iota when it was 5cents.
i wish i didn't sell 60Gi at $1.
i'm trying to flip some things to get more iota.
it's stressing me out.
i think i'll be able to if the ucl wallet doesn't come out too soon, or the central coordinator; i think that's what's really suppressing the price.
i've got a few months left.
definitely one month.
nah two months at least.
you're right, you still have time but not much.
good luck regaining your IOTA stack
Next monday they'll do a big announcement, probably they will be available on bittrex
thanks brotherrr.
have you been lurking their slack much?
i haven't been lately for obvious reasons.
any developments worth mentioning?
one thing i'm curious about is when they're going to change/update the amount of iota that's traded on exchanges; i think instead of miota they were going to trade a large amount.
back when it was traded on ydx people mostly sold iota in gi's.
This man will me posting pink wojaks very soon if he does not get back in Iota.
Screen Cap this
not much, i just post what i find from there.
next month is supposed to have a lot of announcements on partnerships, etc.
(pic related).
i haven't heard about changing what denomination is traded.
i'm finished accumulating.
just being comfy knowing i'll retire next year
pic related
fuck that, i'm not giving up.
i'll get enough to buy back in soon.
if i'm late i'll find some other tokens to flip to get more iota.
it's not over for me.yeah december...pretty sure Dom said $5 for his eoty year prediction.. maybe it was $3?
i was drunk and didn't screen cap.
It's been 1 week since I ran that damn reclaim tool and I still don't have my IOTA back.
What the fuck is his deal?And no, I got mine taken into custody because I missed a transition phase.
Reattaching addresses doesn't do shit.
yeah december...pretty sure Dom said $5 for his eoty year prediction.. maybe it was $3?
i was drunk and didn't screen cap.tfw
This is close to what I meant.
i agree, that's why i'm invested