Alright we all want to make money in biz.
NO shitcoins and fudsters, let's talk about SAFE investing for the next 12 months.Shitty stocks make less than 8% pa. Let's destroy that, I'm sure we can make 20%+ pa. What kind of portfolio picks are the best bet to get safe returns for just holding?BTC and ETH seem like obvious picks.
Take Raiden, this will easy be top 20
WTC is the comfiest coin if you just want to hold.
40% btc25% eth10% bch5% req5% eos5% neo5% bmc5% storjIf I had to walk away for a year tomorrow this is what I would buy.
I have nearly the same diversification:100% REQGood?
BCH, XLM, BTC, ETH, LSK in that order
If I have to walk away, no.
If I'm allowed to come back and sell when it spikes around q1 then rebuy later, sure
nuls
BCHop said no shitcoins
RLC is the most serious long term investment.
Take Raiden, this will easy be top 20Relatively useless token, may tank hard at any point.WTC is a business that may or may not succeed.
There’s lots of that type of coin/token, where you basically invest in a business, only you don’t buy stock.
It’s possible that some of them will make it big, but betting on specific ones doesn’t seem too clever.
It’s like going back to the Dotcom hype and trying to pick the stocks that are going to survive.
May seem easy in hindsight, but I wouldn’t wanna try.I’d recommend sticking to the blue chip store of value cryptos.Honestly, while ETH has a huge market cap and is being used widely, it’s seen by the devs as a tech token and they may change its "monetary policy" (increasing inflation rate) at any time.This is a problem you have with all PoS coins: You gamble on hype taking them higher and higher, but as an investment they don’t have sound fundamentals.
They are just powering infrastructure, and, if anything, this infrastructure being more widely used will lead to faster discovery of their real value: Which *isn’t* high - because they’re inflationary and meant to be spent.So my picks for a long-term portfolio would just be lots of Bitcoin (whichever variant you prefer; maybe wait for the current uncertainty to subside, but with Bitcoin, there’s always a next one round the corner), plus some LTC, XMR, DASH.
LINK Could turn into a 1 1/2 year hold but it should go up over hte next 6 months
RLC is the safest 100%BAY is a top competitor
Don't listen what idiot hodlers keep shitting here, this crap is dead
NEO will start running up to 75 greens.
Good ICOs starting in December with THEKEY.
EPY has been doing suprisingly well
REQ for sure
Just put all your money in MU and be done with it
Don't know why I'm not seeing more of NEO here, we're talking about long term holds right?>chinese ethereum>supports established programming languages instead of just solidshity>chinese gov support>thriving community of open source dev contributors >NEO is a share and generates GAS dividends simply by owning, GAS itself is a standalone utility currency used to power NEO dAPPs, it's currently worth 75% ish of NEO.>GAS generating rate will increase massively in Q1 2018 as devs release public nodes>still sub $30I've literally taken out a loan to buy 400 NEO, I'm gonna make it, are you?
to expand on this, it is objectively better than ethereum in every way, it's just lacking the number of dAPPS right now.
Soon to be resolved, multiple ICOs announced and there is a dAPP competition ending this month with 15-30 of them being released, along with a prize pool offered by NEO Community devs.It's just better, but 1/10th of the price right now.
THE COMFIEST HOLD EVER.
Ripple
BMC.
Buy before the platform releases/before the first tokenized fund is released.
I'm sorry I couldn't help myself

12 months?
How about the next 12 hours?
Restless NEO wedge forming
it has been cancering around at that $30 mark for quite a while tho.
Any reason why it should jump suddenly?
Real niggas would do this%BTC%ETP%REQ% POWR%TRX
There is only 1 fully released dAPP on the network at the moment, we've got multiple ICOs coming up (including one named 'THEKEY' with chink gov owned company support).
Also as said in post we have public nodes being released in QI 2018 which will properly decentralize the product, decreasing blocktime and therefore increasing both transaction speed and GAS generation rate.
As more dAPPs are released (which require a GAS fee to launch onto the network) GAS will increase in price, it's quite a scarce utility, this will drive up the price of NEO as it's the only way of generating GAS.
Also, the market is generally retarded.
We already know that chinks will never ban NEO, but many morons can't tell the difference between some regulation on bitcoin exchanges and a total utter ban on even thinking about crypto.Once the chinese dAPPs are active we'll see western markets realise that it's already been adopted (has been all along) and FOMO buy
I see.
Guess I'll wait for Q1 then
lol 20%What shitty returns.Either do crypto (the real way) or start an online business and destroy those returns.
what's with all the REQ shilling?
It's so early in development that it's impossible to tell if it'll actually deliver on it's promises
buy nuls or stay poor retards
Large companies, growing dividends, consistent dividends.
Healthy P/E, P/B and D/E.Then do DDM to see if fair price, get 10-20 of these which aren't too correlated and hold.
50% BTC15% LINK15% REQ15% MOD5% coin with really low marketcap like EPY, HST or CFD