Hello, /fit/izen hereCan you guys point me in the right direction, please?
I know nothing about investing, let alone investing crypto currency.
Which of the 3 (or all 3) should I invest in?And when is the right time to do so?
I’ve been waiting for bitcoin to drop a bit but it seems to just keep going up.
Any comments appreciated.
Ty
Just wait for Bitcoin to crash to $1000-$2000 in the next months, then buy some.
Buy a small portion of bitcoin weekly.
Increase your weekly buy if it drops.
if you don't know anything and don't plan on learning just buy a bit of all 3 if you feel like it (personally i don't like LTC) put it this way - there's a reason these 3 are on coinbase and the other shit thousand aren't
why is everyone so certain the fork is going to cause a crash?
I've never seen a market where everyone knows a crash is coming from a mile away and eagerly awaits it...
why is everyone so certain the fork is going to cause a crash?They're either nocoiners or nucoiners who are trying to speak it into existence.
It won't crash.
Shutup you fucking nigger.
When btc climbs this high this quick, it always corrects.
top kekhttps://i.imgur.com/IuSqEBG.png
Op hereThank u all for your responsesSo the consensus is wait on bitcoin until it drops a considerable amount?Also (newb question) who’s to say bitcoin won’t explode again after the fork?Ugh I just don’t wanna wait and watch bitcoin climb to 10k by the end of the year.
If you understood blockchain technology and what is actually going to happen then you wouldn't ask this question.
Bitcoin will fork and right now its kind of a crapshoot as to which "chain" will continue as "bitcoin" and which chain will be obsolete.
We wont really know until the fork happens.
Holders of bitcoin will have bitcoin and 2x bitcoin post fork.
So if you have 10BTC before the fork you will have 10btc and 10 btc2x.
The problem is no one really knows which one will continue, and not all wallets and exchanges will support 2x and original BTC.
Most support both but there are too many to know unless you contact the dev team of your specific exchange or wallet
Which is the main driver of this current spike right?People want to get both now and after that demand will cool off.
Question, what if one has a portion of BTC.
Like 0.005431.will I get the equivalent of the bt2x?
buy OmiseGo, Vertcoin or LitecoinBTC future is uncertain as many speculate that Bitcoin Cash, or Segwit2x will flip into regular bitcoin while old bitcoin chain will change its name to bitcoin classic.Reason behind this is that nerds beghind bitcoin refuse to acknowledge that the chain has real problems that will inhibit its widespread use.Ethereum is stuck at 300$ and the news that money skelly says that most coins on ethereum chain are scam, and the hacking.Just stay away from it.OMG for long term gainsVertcoin if you are feeling like a gamblerLitecoin if you are normiePossible gains are best from top to bottom (OMG x100, VTC x10 and LTC x2-x3 at most)
Thank u
/fit/izens?Why dont you call yourselves /fit/alians?
not my LINKIEEES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
best one-liner advice
There are more people waiting at the gate to buy more post-fork than there are willing to sell.
I'd advise against selling.
yes
Heres a tipLURK MORE Read what they actually do before you fist fuck your dickhole into oblivion and come back with your folder full of pink wojacks
money skelly says that most coins on ethereum chain are scamDoes this include REQ?