I don't get it.
We all know SIBOS was only a PoC and any announcement (if any) will be released on December.
I mean SWIFT explicitly said the results will be released on December.Shouldnt it pump higher then due to speculation or am I missing something?
>SWIFT’s DLT PoC started in April 2017 and will conclude in November 2017, with the final results available in December.https://www.swift.com/news-events/press-releases/swift-tests-show-blockchain-has-potential-for-global-liquidity-optimisation
Maximum delusion.
STAY POOR FAGGOT HAHAHAHAHHAHA BALLS DEEP IN LINK AND KEEP BUYING THE LOWS FEELS GREAT KNOWING IM GOING TO MAKE IT IM SO HAPPY AHAHAHA
Why?
It makes sense that any announcement that Swift will continue with LINK or make it officially part of their Blockchain project will be announced will be the result.
Not during the actual PoC.
That has to do with Swift's GPI project; nothing to do with Link.
Pretty sure this includes all the results.
I mean have they even announced the stats of the PoC with LINK?
How much money is expected to be saved etc.
Sergey didnt even mention the results after the PoC.
Crypto “investors” are too dumb for Link.
At the moment.
The poc for the GPI project was about Hyperledger Fabric.GPI is about cross-border payments, and without blockchain tech it takes a full day to process transactions, while cross-border payment projects with blockchain tech (e.g.
IBM with Lumens) are almost instant.It's a pretty safe bet that Swift will use some kind of blockchain solution for GPI, but either way it's not really related to Link.
4428936>The poc for the GPI project was about Hyperledger FabricBut the LINK PoC is about working with Hyperledger.
They didnt use the LINK with the Ethereum or Bitcoin blockchain during the demo.
They used it with Hyperledger.> For the PoC, SmartContract's oracle was used to move interest rates from each of the five participating financial institutions into what the startup called its Market Rate Smart Contract.>To be able to send that translate the transaction into one Swift could handle, the startup built its platform to comply with Swift's ISO 20022 standard for electronic data interchange between financial institutions.> https://www.coindesk.com/swift-startup-winner-demos-smart-contract-trade-5-financial-firms/Now look at the Swift announcement on december>Its about ISO 20022>https://www.swift.com/news-events/press-releases/swift-tests-show-blockchain-has-potential-for-global-liquidity-optimisation
Well, they will FOMO like mofos similar to NEO now.
Instead of buying low and wait some weeks rather buy ATH and whine at correction.
somebody has to pay the gains.
No problem.
Only few people can read the signs.
But the LINK PoC is about working with HyperledgerHyperledger is a massive project; many major companies are involved, and Swift is a founding member.The use of Hyperledger fabric in GPI is a very small part of the big picture here.The Link poc was about smart securities; nothing to do with GPI which is about cross-border payments.
pic related
COULDNT HAVE SAID IT BETTER MYSELF- Einstein
4429611>Buy Chainlink folks, truust me, we're gonna win bigly, oh boy are we gonna win, you'll be tired of winning, forget ripple, they're losers, buy Chainlink, it's the Greatest.-The Donald, Sibos 2017, Canada