What are your dreams, biz?
What's in store for you after you make it?
Cliche answer but... Travel.
See things.
I don't want bitches and cars, just wanna see something new.
honestly same.I don't want an expensive house or car, but if i can see the world, have great experiences, and meet interesting people I can die happyI'm not even bad looking and women have made me so miserable my entire life.
I wouldn't consider myself mgtow because I eventually want kids, but the love I share for my male friends is greater than any feeling of lust I can ever have.
>to only answer to myselfwagecucking and uni are garbage.
I want to become a chad investor that can follow his own plans >moneyworrying about money hurts, and I need surgery>moving out of this shit holemy apartment is fucking tiny.
Being in such a tiny space for so long has seriously bad effects on your mind
Build or buy a comfy little cottage on a mountain and go skiing all day
I'm going to unironically buy Fast Food franchises and rake in 100+ grand a year
carsasian hookers/girlfriendstokyo penthouse
I just want to be free and not work uhgg.
I agree, building lasting relationships and experiences seems like a fulfilling life.What do you need surgery for?
Ill probably be a hermit for a while and pretend to be really poor for a while
thats the life, we'll all make it anon
really bad eye floaters
me?
I just want a looooooong vacation.
I want to stop wagecucking forever.I also want to move some place less expensive, and use trading to support myself.If I could make a profitable bot, that would be nice too.
passive income index funds.
To never work another day because I have to.
NEETing it up forever.
Literally just have enough money that people/work can fuck off me.
And I feel like I have a fucking choice in the world that doesn't involve me doing something to just maximize my money gains.
If I had a mil I'd be set forever .
Low maintence af.
It's just college debt, bills, everything just racks all of it up.
But what can I do?
Considered living in my fucking car but how reasonable is that.
Seriously though fuck rent.
When I think about how much I pay just to live in a small box it makes me livid
I have lofty dreams.
Like maybe get out of my parents basement and move into a place that has heat.
If you live in the west coast US you can live in your car year round.
You just need some blankets, a nice pillow, decent storage space for clothes and essentials, and some way to shower.
For that I recommend a gym membership because you can kill fitness and hygiene in one go.
Also, get a charcoal or propane grill and find a good spot to cook your food.
>exotic car rental>luxury real estate rental>yacht rental>aircraft rental>chauffer service>strip club>casinoMy dream businesses, the money I make will be saved to make them even greater and larger.
Honestly?
I would spend my time BTFOing atheists, and convince them that meme magic is real.
Make video games.I mean I already do make video games, but I'd love to be able to do it full time.
I'm an atheist that believes in meme magic.Where's your god now?
I want to launch a mini satellite into orbitPic related
Work part-time or per diem as a nurse, spend some time traveling around and visiting my college friends and childhood friends who moved awayProbably also help my parents completely pay off their house too
I just want to live a comfy life
Have a life
(You)
Buy a van + house and travel forever, coming back home to rest once a while.
I want to live frugally off of my earnings and raise good kids.
I'd also like to buy my Dad a really really nice bottle of wine and myself a nice guitar.
Mostly I want to make enough passive income to stay home and pursue anything except wagecucking.
I uh...
I wrote a movie
It has been my aspiration since high school to make enough money through my investments to support myself each month, with enough extra money to put back into more investments so that instead of me working, my money works for me in an infinite loop.Just paid off my debts, now it's time to strategize what I'll do once I build up enough money again