>hide all of the repetitive shill threads>get comfy>come back an hour later>there is at least another 60 shill threads that arent worth readingits all so tiresome the sheer amount of link, nuls, ark, confido and metaverse threads ive hidden is staggering.
i didnt realise how bad it was until i put in the effort to clean it up.
dont you pajeets sleep at all?
Why do you even come here?
It's all shill threads.
Just join a discord or something.
stop posting these threads, faggot
because this place unironically is one of the best sources of information.
everywhere else is just full of delusional bag holders that feel the need to type out walls of text to justify that their coin is amazing despite the price tanking for several monthsevery now and again someone posts a gem (like confido) and it makes a handful of us alot of money.
id like to get in on shit like that asap but its usually buried deep within the catalog, amongst all of the link bagholding threads.
filtering out the bullshit makes it easier to spot the gems, and unfortunately using filters can hide the good threads
dont list a gem like metaverse among those shitcoins plz.do some research into it and it's team brainletthanks.
No, he's right.
whatever, just as long as you dont make another thread about it
Funnily enough the best suggestions here have been walls of text OP's which later that day or the following day saw a moon.So biz is more about uncoordinated distractions by retards so that when someone makes an intelligent post it stands out more and it is easier to read between the meme's.
Also the more shilling you see the further you should keep away from it, e.g.
LINK.ETP was $1.30 when such a post was made here, it went up to about $6 within a couple of hours and it has plenty of room for growth into a top10 coin in 2018.
No, ETP mooned once and now it's gonna stagnate for at least a year.
i probably should have elaborated, what you said describes the posts im looking for.
the walls of text that come from a coin that is heavily shilled like link is the shit i say away from.
im more referring to shit like plebbit and all of the delusional people that preside in, lets say, r/monero or something similar this is how i found gems like mbrs (just before it pumped hard)
No way.
It barely mooned.
The slightest bit of China news is gonna send it up.