I've got $4,000 to put away for 2 years.
What should my bitfolio look like?I was thinking 25% ETH and 25% BTC, but don't know which alts have staying power.
Elix mah nigga
i'm not a pro on cryptos but xmr has an actual use on the darknet compared to other shitcoins, that's what got btc popular at the beginning, wait for a dip though
Neo u fool
XMR, IOTA, BAT, LINK
IOTA, BATEnjoy the scam
50% btc30% eth10% REQ10% Link
All in on LINK seriouslyif you think there's even the slightest chance of LINK not going AT LEAST 50x in two years you're retarded
I've ignored link.
100% req, thank me later
kys nolinker
definitely not BTC for 2 yearssomething dramatic will happen soon...LTC, ETH seems safe though
Don't listen to shills.40% BTC 30% ETH 20% XMR 10% IOTA.Safe bet mostly and most risky being IOTA.
4362470Is there a downside in spreading more throughout different alts?
I thought I'd get people telling me to put 5% in various different alts
You need to have a significant position on XMR like 25% and it's a great idea to add some LTC to that also maybe 10%.
Huge amounts of spreading leads to your gains in one coin being devoured by another coins losses, pick a couple good calculated guesses and you'll be much better off.If you do wanna split off look to 30% BTC 30% ETH 20% XMR 5% IOTA and then 5/5/5 for 3 more coins like ARK, NEO, WTC, NEM, STX, BAT etc.
you're poor as fuck desu.
Just save the money and take a few hundreds to learn more about crypto as you trade.
Once you have at the bare minimum 10x what you have now, consider making a portfolio.
If you believe in crypto buy the top 20 coins.
If you don't just buy bitcoin, it's easy as fuck
I see.
And, since my startup funds are low, would it be a better idea to go more with ETH than BTC since I'll get a better return should ETH rise?
I don't see that Ethereum necessarily has a better chance to rise, it does have higher inflation than BTC by quite a bit so that doesn't help, I'd personally either split BTC/ETH or go a little more on BTC because that's the first thing big investors'll put their money into.
Ok thanks a bunch
Nope, no one can predict which coins will moon despite what they say.
Buy the top 20 and adapt every month or so if you believe in crypto, or put all in bitcoin
Senpai, one more question.What wallets do I keep various alt-coins on?
All I have is an ETH and BTC wallet, respectively
LTC and ETH are safe bets as they're tiny enough to be cheap to buy now easily but they can easily go apeshit if anything happens with BTC.