"Fuck your gay ass template nigga" edition--Robinhood FAQs --- VISIT THE WEBSITE FIRST DAMMIT!!
- www.robinhood.com> How is it free?Robinhood earns revenue by collecting interest on the cash and securities in Robinhood accounts, much like a bank collects interest on cash deposits and by collecting fees from robinhood gold.> It's been X days, why isn't my account verified yet?Not being approved in 3 days seems to be the new norm.
Nevertheless, call/email their support if you've been waiting more than that.> When is it coming to my country?The only "plans" are on an Australian and Chinese beta.
Neither of which has gained much traction.> I hit sell when the stock was X.XX, but it actually sold at a lower price, why?Robinhood graphs are shit and only show you an average, not true real-time prices.
To get Bid/Ask prices and important things like candlestick graphs, you should use a more robust platform.> Where can I get better charting or bid/ask?Real brokers, like TDAmeritrade's thinkorswim.
Otherwise you should be using tradingview.com, stockcharts.com, finviz.com, or a non-pile-of-shit for your graphing in addition to Robinhood.-- Links --Premarket Movers:http://www.nasdaq.com/extended-trading/premarket-mostactive.aspxEarnings Report Calendar:https://biz.yahoo.com/research/earncal/today.htmlBiopharma Catalyst Calendar:https://biopharmcatalyst.com/Pump and Dump Advertising:https://stocktwits.comS&P 500 VIX Futures (For XIV/UVXY, higher is better for UVXY, lower is better for XIV)https://www.investing.com/indices/us-spx-vix-futures
Bought KTOS.
If you are looking for serious money buy BIOA that shit will be at $1 or $2 in no time, criminally undervalued.
And how the fuck do you guys know about CHFS and LEDS news so fast?
Like what do I use if I want to be able to get in on those for the huge runs.
Google search yields results mostly after 9AM... (I'm new)
what do you think it will go to?
Im thinking of selling at a small loss
>LEDS>CHFSis the market a casino now?
It seems like every week some deadbeat company jumps 100-600% in one trading session
What's your reasoning behind BIOA?
the stock market is basically a casino to me tbqhim a degenerate gambler masquerading as an investor
Question of the thread: what was your best buy-and-hold investment this year?
What was your best flip?
Year's not over yet.
The best has yet to come, but that TEVA put option that went up 200% was pretty cool.
GBR round 2 startinggunna test high of day
4380938Watch: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ORReQMyTZ94&feature=youtu.beOwn 100% of their factory, partnered with YUGE companies, got rid of their last CEO, can list a bunch of things.
Go through this guy's posts, his acc is basically dedicated to BIOA: https://stocktwits.com/Prodigious_777
(The vid is a bit outdated, they do own 100% of the factory of mitsui buyout)
After*
Now I need to decide if I want to do another Pandora play... can it get to $6?
Uh, guys...
what happened?
Chinese massage anyone?
Only if we stop to buy some kneepads at Big Five first.
Parking lot is empty, come'on in :^)
more like big 5 sporting bads
MASSIVELY undervalued!!!
more like big 5 sporting bads
I just realized that they are faux windows in the walls.
What's up with that?
That's probably that film they can print on - you can see out from the inside but not in from the outside.
Like they do with advertising on public transport sometimes.
Most the better looking stores want you to be able to look inside and have it look inviting though.
However, Big 5's look like flea markets on the inside, so they probably just want to hide that.
4381486>big five shills will defend this
Do you think BGFVshill is still here?
Lurking and seething?
I mean these things.
Do they increase the aerodynamics of the stock price somehow?
Those are for the roof Koreans to snipe from without exposing themselves too much.
UVXY starting to falter...do we hold overnight?
starting zoom out a little bit lad
High volatility isn't going to last forever, even if the market is slumping
APOLOGIZE
4381636Sold.
Taking my 4% and running.
Negative we're getting news from Donald Trump.
He's going to drop some news that is going to make investor's dicks hard and pussies wet.
Just bought 10 shares of GE, how fucked am I?
What time is his speech?
STOP BUYING
Buy ABR and hold it long
How long until KTOS is trading in the 13s again?
I remember everyone went long on this when Kimmy started threatening the US, why the drop?
I don't get why people are so excited about the GE dip.
It's not really a moon mission meme stock that'll recover in a few days.
It could take months to years.
they have literally been reduced to a washing machine manufacturer.
big name dow components don't blow up that often, especially when market is in a bull market
Everyone needs to wash clothes anon
4381733But Thomas Edison founded it.... Guys.. it was one of the first stocks to be on the NYSE, and the oldest remaining..._.
I just shower with my clothes on and let them air dry.
The Samsungs are better though.
Raw denim fags are the worst
Anyone want to register for the first time with the Robinhood app?
You can use my affiliate link and we both get a free random stock, my coworker did it and we both got a share of Sprint lol
Forgot link... https://share.robinhood.com/damianc64
I'll post my link in case anyone wants to sign up with it, anon you didn't post your link : (share.robinhood.com/sophiel9
dunnofuck off david
I had to Google to figure out what you were talking about.
Stupid fashion bullshit.
Coworker of mine just mentioned a while back he showered with his jeans and let them dry on him so that they would shrink to his body.
It's baffling
lads this one  might be a roastie be cool
sophieL O N D O NONDON
So ROKU mooned on Monday and CHFS mooned today.
Who is scheduled for the next launch boys?
fuck off Davinia
Look at that pic>"Chinese Massage"Now that's a recession proof business I would like to invest in
I hope trump delivers something that makes investors excited - because I can't take anymore of these down markets.
Smucker's.
They just got a deal with the feds to supply all U.S. prisons with ass licking jelly.
I'm more interested in that Chinese massage
Bought 450 shares of $TRXC @ 2.53 I’m feeling good at that price
i'm just here because my hamstrings are tight
Wage cucks on suicide watch
Dividends are so comfy.
None of the girls ever look like this
 3 7 7
 years old seems to be the minimum age
How does one find which stocks pay dividends?
I got a Chinese mild massage and couldn't even get hard
What's a good one to hold over night that looks like it'll have pump tomorrow morning?
if anyone says LODE I swear
how are you positive this week?everything is JUST for me
Who still riding the BAC+B coaster here?
COSI
How does one find which stocks pay dividends?https://finviz.com/screener.ashxCtrf-F "Dividend Yield"
Literally google itYou can buy ETF's that pay dividends, or get into the companies specifically on dips like I do.I'd recommend Telecom companies such as T/VZ right now and renewable energies such as CVA/PEGI.
They're all dip and have good potential or near no downside potential with 4-8% dividends.ETF's if you're braindead are SCHD, DVY, SPHD.Traditional dividends such as JNJ are good of course, but they're only worthwhile if you're very wealthy already imo or just want a store of value that beats inflation and gives a few percent on top a year.I don't really know many high-growth dividends that I trust, however Visa/V is good, 1% dividend though, but clearly going up and will keep going up and increasing dividend over the coming months/years.
I'm only up $497 on it now.
This morning at open was borderline suicide tier though, I was only up $180ishI was originally over $1000 like 2 weeks ago
Do you think it will go up, or down?I'm only $67 up on it.
Was like $120 last week or so.
Based chink company earnings
Venmo me some shekels so I can buy my tendies for the week pls brother
I'm gonna be bagholding PTN now aren't I
>buying non voting sharesI seriously hope you guys don't do this.
4382376Thank you both
Alright fellas help a nigga out I'm looking for stocks to hodl for a 200 day period, and stocks to short.
Any ideas?
packer fans
Bitcoin
BAC rallied today so B should go up with it if it continues
I need to keep it to the stockmarket only.
I've got some GBTC but it's been dipping
Ironically this: 
BAC.B is going to zero, I think.
short tsla
>USE MY REFERRAL LINK WHEN YOU SIGN UP AND GET A FREE STOCK!>share.robinhood.com/tylerk590
CSCO could make some gains tomorrow, I hope the anons that got in on CHFS got out in time
http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-defense-congress/house-backs-700-billion-defense-policy-bill-funding-uncertain-idUSKBN1DE351Keep an eye on defense stocks
CSCO is done.
They had good earnings, but anyone who's in it should take their profit and run.
tfw I bought the KTOS dip yesterday
of all the times I dont check robin hood I lose my chance to get out on a stock I've bagging holding for almost half a year.
holy shit.
I'm getting out first thing in the morning I don't care if I sell at a lost.
I hope Brazil has a bad time.
since nobody is crowing about it, I'll assume none of you dumbasses listened when I told you CRAY was on sale yesterday.
it's a boring stockwe only get hyped about mineless mining companies, overvalued CPU manufacturers, and autistic volatility ETFs here in /rgt/
I also told these dumbasses about YY, up 25% today.
bought today after thinkin about it a lil bitThank you whoever rec'd it
it's a boring stockIt has just enough volatility to make it fun.
Also, my first job in the real world gave me a CRAY-3 as my personal playground.
I'm sentimental.
believing memes on /biz/
I dunno, either its coincidence or real, but before BCH took off from 300 to 2k, there were plenty of threads like>this is your last warning>i tried to warn you
Is Volatility ever going to calm down?
My VMIN bag is getting heavy
3.45%
rich fags don't realize how easy mode the stock market is when you have a lot of cash.
With that $100 you could literally have a six figure salary a year with only 10% gains a month
k*
:)post yours nigger.
I'm not hating but it's true.
Once the market goes back to normal, it's very easy to get 10-20% gains a month.Like I only have 10k in my account and I'm up 60% over the last 5 months and that 60% is equal to maybe one or two days of your easy 3% gains
Unless you're really lucky and win gambles with penny stocks you're not going to see conisitent 10% gains every month.
The top investors average 20% a year.
This.
It's only seeming easy now because market is booming, can't be this green forever.
top investors average 20% a yearThat's a meme by big money.It's has been very easy this year to get 40%+ decent gains and beat SPY
I dont think it is and this is very short sighted:>It's has been very easy this year to get 40%+There was a huge shift this year.>muslim "president" dethroned>Trump wins against all odds>corporate tax rate @ 20% promised>regulations cut>energy unleashedAll of these things contributed to the boom.
We wouldn't be in the same spot if Im With Her won.
4384065>its impossibleI don't play pennies either.
Just swing trade.
I was originally up almost 50% the past 3 months alone but I took a 15% haircut the past two weeks with some bad plays, but I have some movess that should get it back for me in a week or two.
Like I said it's a meme, there have been plenty of people here that have posted similar returns
If you can consistently make 100% gains a year, your rh account will be 10 mil in 10 years or 1 billion in 20.
Delusional
>all stock advice on news sites is bullshit>all professional analyst predictions are bullshit >all social media / stocktwits / biz advice is bullshitYou gotta go from your gut or go broke.
Apparently.
I guess in a bull market like this it’s not so bad but when this crumbled I’m fucked
4384377 This is true, never click on anything written by any bank analyst or investing website.
They are almost always dumber than you.
They are almost always dumber than you.Not true they are extremely smart but they aren't giving away advice for free.
Na they are average cucks like everyone else.
Only a few % of the population are smart, rest are fucking sloppy normies.
This goes in (((finance))) like everywhere else.
It was also easy to get 50%+ returns in 2016 if you had cash on hand and bought Oil when it dipped to $27.
Obviously oil is going to trade in the $50-$60 range for the next half-decade.
Alright so in that case, what stocks should one look to for such high gains
Non blue chipNon penny (unless you are very comfortable losing)Taking advice from shkreli, I look for stocks in between this range.
You have to estimate their future cash flow and find something that isn't slightly undervalued, but heavily undervalued.Go and prosper.
Non blue chip?I'm a newbie no bulli pls
It's not one single stock.
Just swing trading a variety of different ones.
Just build up a list of stocks that you're comfortable with, buy dips, play earnings, learn to take a profit and not get too greedy, move that money to a different stock when it starts to slump, etc.
Nvm Google was helpful here
Got it thanks my dude
>S&P and Nasdaq indexes getting redderMOMMY PLS MAKE THE BAD MEN STOP
I'm trying to tip out of all stocks but one soon.
whats next, whats the next moon
$ROPEeverything is probably gonna be red again tomorrow
Was there ever any real question about military getting sufficient funding?
American stocks are overpriced, get out
they've been saying that since 2014 >The point is, it's nothing personal.
It's an observation.
Our nation's stocks are very high priced right now, and our nation is stacking up debt at a faster pace than ever before.
Now, I can love my country as much as I want to, and it's still not going to change those facts.
https://www.newsmax.com/Finance/SeanHyman/Stock-buy-PE-invest/2014/12/15/id/613003/
4385360P/E ratios are a meme
buying companies who have earningsI seriously hope you guys dont do this
http://www.multpl.com/american stocks are "overvalued" but that doesn't mean they're going to drop yet.once average PE gets to 30-35 that's a dangerous range
Anyone else have shares in the weed market?Was up 4k but now down to $3785 :( feels bad man
Book value is another meme tooThe market is never rational.
Some companies are overvalued, some under.Just go with the flow and get tendies
I dont invest in industries I consider immoral.
Wew lad
would you invest in slave trade?
Come on guy.
You know what I meant.
I've had personal experiences that have lead me to believe that weed dealing is immoral.
One day I thought I'd be smoking bong the rest of my life.
Then I wised up to all the damage it was doing.
I dont smoke or invest weed.
t.
Smart choice
Whatever makes me money
You guys memed me, I'm mainly a cryptofag but my dad gave me $3k in TSLA for my graduation present.
So I installed robinhood, huzzah.I already set up a stock transfer from my Fidelity account, that was easy.
I also have this old, framed stock certificate for a share of McDonalds that I also got from my dad when I was like 8.
I still have it and wondering how I can get it in Robinhood.Looks like I have to go to a broker first.
Should I go to Fidelity and talk to them?
Or is there a more direct way to turn this thing into a tradable stock?
are you that much of a nigger that you want to destroy a framed stock certificate gift from your family to get $167?
why didn't RARE moon?
Fyi guys Sprint offers Hulu now
Not even meming but literally call the stock exchange, I think they would be able to help, I think there is a service to take old stock certs and make them digital but you need an expert.
keep the framed stock
I missed out on at least two grand on MYOS.
I was gonna hit my yearly target.Gentlemen, let LTBR simmer until next Friday.
If it holds its ground and closes above a dollar at least half the trading days between now and then, prepare some money to hold a few shares.
Otherwise, wait for the RS announcement by January.
???
Are they not for trading ??
?I mean I know it's a dividend stock, but I only get like a few cents a year out of it, with it being ONE share lol.
And my dad even said he's tired of getting the letters year after year with a 3-cent check inside for me.
The kind of guy he is, he'd probably rather me just use it.Call which stock exchange?
Rhg > rgt
Anyone wanna use my link?
I just signed up for this, didn't know that we get free shares when signing up with links, oh wellhttps://share.robinhood.com/wissamr
NIKKEI up 1.53%
slave trade>immorallaughingmerchants.png