Beware, /biz/.
A large Bitcoin dip is coming this week, likely to $7,100.
Please see the chart and explanation in the next post.
Notice the stoch RSI similarities.
Note the red lines.
These are trend lines coming from previous ATHs.
Other indicators also match the previous similar dip.
History repeats itself in fractal price movement.
The USDT hack may amplify this.Love,Lain
Full chart.
Reading it earlier today saved me from this dip.
(autism powers activated)
Closeup of top lines, which will mark future dips and halts of dips, when prices hit them
4479021Tell me more, wise onewhere do I put my internet monies?
Also, this chart is pretty definite proof of coming $12k
wrong.
USDT
TA is a meme
look mom i drew lines on a crypto chart
But I don't want to
so what do i use instead of tether?
>$7100>Large dip>remember when it went from $3000 to $1800God I love crypto
Based Lain.
Guys I would listen, he predicted the LTC pump a few days ago
I'm personally looking at SYS.
There should be a bearish 2 hr TKx cross this week, which will then cause a 4 hr cross.
Expecting +25% in the next week, maybe more if it breaks upper trend.
Its also at lower support which has not been broken since March, so it is a very safe entry, as long as you enter at lower trend, which it is at now.Enjoy your Link and Neo bags
HEY LAIN CAN I FOLLOW YOU SOMEWHERE?PERHAPS TO YOUR HOUSE, YOUR BED?
man i hope it dips that much.
ill buy so fucking many coins
Right, do I buy ETH now?
Actually perfect entry now too.
4 hr stoch rsi will cross cross up soon.
This will cause a small jump up in prices.
Then, shortly after, this could cause a 2 hr bullish TKx, which would shoot it up further.
Also at bottom of the trend now.
( ´∀｀)bPlease search 「EA development factory of SuperJunior」We develop and publish EA (automatic trading tool) of FOREX.
http://aqwsed123.blog.jp/
Twitter @CryptoLainAnd yeah, lets all love lain.
C'mon over.Note the first chart I posted again.
This dip will take a few days.
We're seeing the first part of it now, which will be followed by a short period of recovery, before dipping more mid mid week.
O great Lain,is the thanksgiving holiday and black friday going to affect the cryptomarket too?
What if tether confirm fraud?
Will market stuck for a while?
I'm only on Binance sadlyno SYS for me>Started trading 12 days ago, what the fuck have i gotten myself into?
Is it likely to dip to the 5k level again before it reaches new ATH?
Bought in at 5,670 10 days agoriding this drop but getting nervousIron Hands
4478985Send your BTC to 16A8GeFemsGggXuq8APiAMnckx8dykbEE4and convert to fiat.
447902144790594479154just shut the fuck up lmao TA is a literally self-fulfilling meme
Nice buy in, I also got a few back at the 3k dip after I fomoed initially at 4.6k before the China FUD.
Which are all good entry points in retrospect, HODL is not a meme ;)
Pattern repeating, expecting a recovery here before continuing the dip with the dip resuming tomorrow morning.
USDT effect could cause dip to continue without recovery, but I'm gonna bet more on my TA than that news.
BUYTHEDIP
Damn, I was just about to invest long-term into BTC as well..
Thanks for the heads up Lain.
How far do you think BTC will fall before making a more stable recovery?
not that it matters but I'm investing $4,000 hoping this bet will pay for the rest of my college tuition in about a year or two.
This could be it bro.
A fun run while it lasted.
Correction: thought my chart was in a different timeframe when I said tomorrow morning.
If pattern repeats, dip will not resume for larger fall until about 36 hours, not 8 hrs.
I'm guessing we'll hit about $7,200, which is key support, maybe a wick reaching down to $7,100 if it's really bull.
After that, sans catastrophic news, uptrend likely continues.
When should I buy to be safe?
Wanna put in a buy order @ $7300, is that too close to the edge?
This fits my bias, though I think the bottom will be around 5k
you're a fucking faggot.
when this shit doesn't dip tomorrow, the next 36 hours, or a week from now and we head straight to 10k regardless of this faggot fud right now, you owe me btc you misleading meme lining fuck.send it here:1AkUdr1cejhkoo249BCeyarS13Y2b2AkS1
It probably crash to $2200 then take a year to recover.
what are your opinions on xlm atm?
i have a margin buy around 489
/thread
>all these niggas so sure its gonna dropWhat will you do when it goes to $9k...wait for the next dip?
$10k?
Wait for the dip?
Maybe there will be no big dip until $20k.
Do you know what percentage is?
That's only like 10%
I'm Flood and I'm a gaylord