https://blockchain.info/unconfirmed-transactionsNAIL MEET HAMMER
https://blockchain.info/unconfirmed-transactionsWTF the number is still growing1million soon
Bitcoin is in a spiral from here
Price decrease is making the weaker strong holders to diversify.
"Spam attack" and normal usage.
Not only are there a zillion unconfirmed,nobody is fucking mining blocks,and tx fees are shooting through the roof.Enjoy your death spiral.https://jochen-hoenicke.de/queue/#24h
I feel bad for the people who bought at the peak... naive, but maybe they'll learn.But I am laughing my ass off at those who think this is just a 'dip'.
I tried loading some of my BTC from the exchange off just to pay for a few things and well...Pic related.
Fuck.
Bitcoin is dead lol
Thanks Nostradamus
BTC deposits and withdrawals are temporarily unavailable due to an extreme delay in block mining on the Bitcoin Network.
Your full BTC balance is still securely being stored in Gemini's offline storage systems.
yea but the miners will want to switch back to btc to collect those tx fees right?
all those transactions stacking uppeople putting high rewards so their transactions go firstminers are gonna make so much money out of this, with the whole segwit2x futures, BCH PnD, BTC hysteriadamn, I kinda admire these cocksuckers
not when they can mine the shit out of BCH with an easier difficulty whilst making the price skyrocket.
netflix?
And because of "magic" BCH is will now and always be profitable than BTC even if it's just 1%.
Don't worry anon, it's not an exit scam.Your BTC will just be worth nothing by the time you get them out.
some anon posted the number of bch tx's and it wasnt that many.
wheres the motivation then?
Anons you're basically not going to get any txes completed until the BCH difficulty is next readjusted.
And even then, you might be fucked.Just go outside and enjoy life, and stop worrying because it's totally out of your hands at this point.
eth and other shit ocins are way better than bch.
i think this is a massive pump and dump that can kill two birds with one stone.
>btc insiders make a plan>btc miners switch over to bcc to mine and profit >kills btc for a while and drives the price down>massive dump ensues on btc bringing more price down, bcc miners get more profit>first sell off starts when target price of btc is reached and massive dump of bcc, miners begin to switch over to btc blockchain.
others follow>btc skyrockets to 10k in a matter of an hour while bcc price falls immediately.
>eth stays around 300.