>Anon how have you been?>Did you find a job yet?>O-oh, you're still at Chipotle.. How's that been?>Do you have a girlfriend, why didn't you bring her along?
>Oh I'm sure the right one will come along eventually...>Say, your cousin Preston over there is graduating from Yale next year.
Do you think you'll be able to fly out to us and celebrate?
He has a job lined up at Deloitte and next to him, his gf Vanessa is finishing up at Columbia>Ah well, good seeing you again Anon!
Fuck I'm not ready.. who else /failuretofamily/ here
Hi anon, sorry that was just my friend over there.
What was it you were saying about crypto again?
Here here.Even with a family of failures, idiots, and alcoholics I get treated with shit and being reminded of how much of a shortcoming I'm seeming like.
It's unreal.
Those people gave me a shit upbringing and I was homeless for a while, now I'm about to finish school, but because I'm not already wealthy I'm doing pretty poorly.
I swear these people are like women.
You're either good RIGHT NOW or you're shit.
Potential and progress doesn't exist.
And they're losers to boot, I'm quickly going to surpass all of them when I finish spring semester.
Fuck I can't wait.Whatever /bitching
fuck em dudewhen you've finally made it and they come looking for handouts tell them to beat it
Im sorry anon havent found a solution to that problem yet
Dad's friend>hey what ya been up to?>Just tryna make some monies>yeah?
You whoring yourself out>Ive thought about itMy dad>he's day trading bitcoins>Ah I've heard of that.
Going good?>yeah it's going really good.
I got in early.
>Nods and walks off.
>be me>drop out of college 3 years ago>be a useless NEET ever sicne>tfw finally moved from Maine to Cali to avoid family>tfw comfily living off of crypto out here on the west coastYou have no idea how nice it is to not have family breathing down your neck 24/7.
Thosw 3 years were just shit
I have a slightly dysfunctional family but we all love each other and everyone's proud of each other no matter what we do So like... sucks to be you op?
Idk
Less than two days?
What is this shit some kind of secret message
Thanksgiving for burgers
Working at chipotle doesn't matter.
It's that you reek of desperation for respect.
You can't make up for the love and attention you should have gotten from these people as a child.
That ship has sailed, the door has closed.Realize this.
They will say things like this to test if you still care and respond to these emotional baubles like a child.
Learn that life is imperfect and make the best out of it.