So today I got a written warning from my boss telling me to stop bringing my food because it makes people not wanting to eat with me.
A co-worker told me he gagged once as well.They don't understand macros I think... What do I do?
I want to keep eating my food.Macros:103g protein14,6g carbs66g fatsI take 12 whole eggs, 140g tuna, and 25g strawberry-jam and mix it together then microwave it for 6 minutes.
it's really good because the jam makes it taste sweet.
Also it's cheapWhat do I do brahs?
Consider the following: kys
Eat by yourself, in the bathroom.
ewwww wtf is wrong with you
That's pretty disgusting, I would agree with your coworkers.>Also it's cheap eggs = $5g tuna = $5g strawberry jam = $3I think you're mentally challenged.
I eat maybe $2 a day total, but I pretty much only eat rice and beans, with some flax seeds and spices and herbs every now and then.
Also fruit smoothies.
Been doing this for several years already and it's amazing.
Surprised people spend more money on food than they need to.
/fit/i feel with you though
It does sound pretty nasty .... maybe eat something different during work?
you never microwave fish in an office,i thought everyone knew this.
just add milk and turn it into a shake.
then gulp it down in 5 seconds so you don't have to gross out your coworkers.
ez gg
Cover it in bread ballAlso stop cooking fish in office.
The smell is
If you're in the US just keep the letter and sue for discrimination if they ever fire you.
Sue your boss and company for discriminationGo big, on twitter and huff postCompany will shit their pants, fire boss and settle with you for millions
Just don't microwave it.
Or fucking do it at home and eat it room temp at work.
How?
I need to start spending that little..im moving out
Pajeets can eat their nasty shit but toucant eat your nasty shit?
Keep letter sue if fired
This, what the fuck is wrong with you OP
/Fit/ dietitian here, how are your shits and hows your metabolism?
Unless you want to shit out a good portion of your macros, I'd suggest adding some fiber.
FUCKKKK thats disgusting man, please stop eating that horrible stuff.
Listen all you need is bread and butter, potatoes, rice with omlette.
Also biscuites with milk for tea time.
THIS
12 eggs = $5g tuna = $5where the fuck do you live?
Venezuela?
if they fire you, get a jewish lawyer to sue them for millions and then put all that into crypto and HODL.
you'll be on the moon with two lambos strapped under your foot in no time.
you're going to bake it brah.
12 whole eggs/fit/ diet in a nutshell desu
Stop eating eggs, they crush baby chicks to death at birth if they aren't male.
It's sickening
Aren't female*
Wtf I hate eggs now
103g Autism,6g Virging Assburgers
you ain't making gainz eating that granola shit.
This is the type of shit that made me aggressively go into this market, just so i don't have to be a wage slave to these filthy corporate shills anymore
T-take a picture of it.
Six minutes in the microwave is a pretty long time too.
It would be like a solid cake because of the eggs but it would be blood red because of the jam and it would have bits of fish sticking out of it.
lol
Eggs don't have crushed baby chicks in them, dumbass.
You eat the unfertilized ones.
fucking hell this image always looks like he's pushing the fork under his chin
pft i live in venezuela and i can buy 122 eggs with $5also i probably could eat in a nice place every day with 2$
They don't crush em retard, they shred em.
Seems a pretty humane killing method since it's over in .2 seconds for those chicks.
So today I got a written warning from my boss telling me to stop bringing my food because it makes people not wanting to eat with me.
A co-worker told me he gagged once as well.>They don't understand macros I think... What do I do?
I want to keep eating my food.>Macros:g protein,6g carbsg fats>I take 12 whole eggs, 140g tuna, and 25g strawberry-jam and mix it together then microwave it for 6 minutes.
it's really good because the jam makes it taste sweet.
Also it's cheap>What do I do brahs?1.)
You shouldn't have gotten a written warning for this.
Your boss should have had just a quick 3 minute conversation with you explaining the situation.2.)
When things don't go your way, you have to adapt.
It's not about right or wrong, it's about continuing to get a paycheck.
3.)
Lay low for a month, then look for a way to use the company rules against your coworkers.
It will be hard for your boss to argue with anything you present against them if it is a violation of the rules.Good luck OP.
Have a (you) kek
Strawberry jam and tuna thats a legit comboWill try
You mix.... Tuna with strawberry jam in a blender?
you probably look like a facially asymmetrical subhuman inceljust the thought of your disgusting meal and the filth eating it (you) was enough to make me avoid eating breakfast just now.
12 whole eggs, 140g tuna, and 25g strawberry-jamI like your style.
I take 12 whole eggs, 140g tuna, and 25g strawberry-jam and mix it together then microwave it for 6 minutes.Hahahaha!
I know this is bait, but it still made me laugh.
Nobody, even on 4chan, is THAT autistic.>Microwaving fish AND eggs for six minutes at work>microwave fish and eggs for 360 seconds>THREE HUNDRED SIXTY FOOKIN SECONDS>and cover it with jam>at work
venezuela>buyWhat?
But I thought ownership is considered theft by comrades and nobody has to buy anything because their fellow comrades share with them everything they need.
People that microwave fish need to sudoku
Holy fucking diabetes
14,6g carbswhat are you a girl
Six minutes isn't 360 seconds idiot
Make food at home and put it in a non see-through package.
Eat from package.Problem solved.
fucking 'murricans with their shitty 'sue everything' culture
Thnx for the (you) sweetie
Do you also shill /pol/ for lefty shit?
I've noticed a lot of those people calling others sweetie lately.
Get out.
Yes, it is you dumb shit eating pajeet
what's wrong with you?
I want to vomit now
Holy shit dude are you fucking kidding me?Like I genuinely hope this is a joke or a roleplay or something.Because if you don't understand why that is so off-putting, you are very socially oblivious.