>BTC>ETH>LTCWhich should I make my first investment in?Just wanna dump and hold onto it.
cash out in 5 years time if the banks haven't been shoah'd by then.
bitcoin
BTCand why's that old chap?
If you're holding you should switch LTC for NEO, since it generates 'dividends' and has solid chinese support
depends on $ amount
ETH is the safest and best long-term investment in crypto.
Dump it all into ltcBtc is too expensive and you can't transfer shit without being hit with giant feesEth is on a downward spiralLTC is cheap to use and the value keeps going up
Pretty much everyone except for pnd insiders should stick with Bitcoin.
If you want to gamble on top five altcoins (by market cap) go ahead.Bitcoin literally just went up $200 dollars as I typed this, so there is plenty of volatility to make it interesting.
invest and holdYou probably want to put a significant amount of money into both BTC and ETH.LTC seems to follow BTC up in value, so it's unlikely you'll need to actually invest in it as an alternative; on the flip side, if your goal is to maximize growth, maybe you want to hedge BTC and BCH, as they are the primary competitors in the race to be considered crypto reserve currencies, of sorts.ETH has a totally different business proposition, you really have to buy into their idea of an entire crypto marketplace that is processed on a single shared blockchain; this is somewhat unrealistic in its current state, but changes are coming to the ecosystem, and so far ETH has proved to be a valuable investment for early adopters.If you really just want to put money in the marketplace and ignore it for 5 years, I'd look at a broader subset of the top 25 coins, with a slight skew toward some of the more active projects that are still largely in development (i.e.
not the top 5 coins).
Babbies first investment - $200I don't know jack shit but I lurk here sometimes and figured I should just ask.I know it isn't fuck you money, but it might be enough to maybe help buy a car or something in a few years.Just need a help in figuring out where to put it.4400774>ETH is the safest and best long-term investment in crypto>Eth is on a downward spiralSee this is why i'm fucking confused.Bitcoin is interesting as hell and i'm drawn to that, but I feel like the golden horse has bolted and I missed the opportunity.
thanks anon, this seems pretty solid advice to me.But seeing as this is my first investment of £200, I doubt i'll be able to spread it out that thin.
What would you advice with a small investment like that?
All in on BTC
 but I feel like the golden horse has bolted and I missed the opportunity.stop feeling and buy fucking bitcoin.
your still an early adopter
you're right m8.
$200 on bitcoin, it's happening.Thanks anon, maybe I can afford a car because of you.