does anyone on this board actually have any idea what's going on?i certainly don't.
where do you brainlets get this confidence from when you are wrong literally all day every day.
there hasn't been a single post come close to being correct over the last 48 hourscrypto is a meme
>does anyone on this board actually have any idea what's going on?>i certainly don't.>crypto is a memeYes, you are correct.
You don't.
Is that a man?
I really can't tell
Yes because majority of posters here doing nothing but to relieve themselves mentally about their investments and try to reduce their dissonance.
Dozens of threads told me BCH was gonna moon when it's price was 800 USD>Dozens of threads told me BCH was gonna crash when it was 2100 USDYou are just a retard who hesitates, so you let doubt infect your mind, then you finally commit when its too late and you decide that instead of using your EYES and BRAIN and seeing the consensus, you do what any redditor would do: you immediately find a safe space thread full of deluded people parroting the information you WANT to believe rather than all the threads warning you and telling you the TRUTH.Kys.
rude but trueI was the same when I started.
threads on a pleb board like this>"truth"Only in very rare cases
i bought bch when the vast majority of threads here were telling me it was about to die on the vine, then watched people here scream that it was about to flip or burn out at any moment for two days while neither happened.
still holding bch btw, missed the big payout last night but i'm still way up[spoiler]yes[/spoiler]
Literally read more threads and use your big ol' primate brain and you'll be golden.
Literally hundreds of people have made huge amounts of money on 4chan biz, don't like the poor cucks fool you, so many people here have become rich.
I'm being dead serious.
This is a website that was shilling ethereum when it was 10 dollars, let that sink in you absolute retard.
Again youre not reading all the threads, if you read all the threads you'll rapidly begin to be able to distinguish retards/FUD from educated intelligent opinions./biz/ predicted ETH/biz/ predicted XMR (it was shilled here from 12 USD)/biz/ predicted ARK/biz/ fucking made ChanCoin have a marketcap of 90 million/biz/ predicted NEO/biz/ is an absolute goldmine if information if you're a fucking homo sapiens who knows how to >critical think
there was dozens of threads telling me bch was gonna crash from 450 up, non-stop for days.i don't doubt there are some informative posts here but the signal to noise is completely fucked.
Look for well thought out and reasoned posts>Ignore the pink wojak spams>??
?>Profit
there hasn't been a single post come close to being correct over the last 48 hours.I gave some dumbed down due dilligence at the best possible time to make a conversion.
If you’re just here to bitch go back to /pol/.
Quit talking out of your ass and look at historical trends for BTC and BCH
alright i was exaggerating, but i stand by my assertion that /biz/ is full of know-nothing blowhards.not from /pol/
Yes.
Also I have so little in savings, crypto gambling is my best chance to make it big
Biz also predicted snt and odn.
Look at where those are
Not immediately being able to recognise those as shitcoins.Sorry anon that we don't fucking spoon feed you.
WELL BCH IS BETTER AND FASTER THAN BTC WHAT DO YOU THINK WILL HAPPEEN REEE