Statistically, what are the chances of finding a 10/10 virgin girl (pic related) if I use all my 21 BTC to travel the world?
buy monero and then buy a 10/10 virgin girli doubt you'd find one otherwise
Not even all 21 million BTC can make 2D real, anon..
101%
>muh precious virgin girl meme
Cryptocurrencies where a mistake.
Now the neckbeards suddenly have money and means to travel.
Lord save us.
how is she even a virgin?
That's a different route.
this.
it's so fucking dumb.>muh precious, pure virgin girl who is a 10/10 but likes fat autistic NEETs with poor hygiene and no ambition
Dont fuck a virgin unless you want to commitThey get attached and then karma bites you back
You can travel the world all you like OP, all you’ll realize is your waifu was waiting for you at home all along.
4340785t.
toasty roasty
Don't travel all over the place.
Just choose a big city where people from all over the world go to work, like London, Sidney, or Toronto.
First get a work visa though, and when you arrive a job in a restaurant or other places where lots of girls work.
Then find a religious one from a religious country, and there's a good chance she'll be virgin, and you wont go broke traveling all over the place not making income.
how does chad cum taste like?
I'm pretty average and managed to get pretty decent azn qt.
So totally possible.
Pic related.
Get Asian with traditional parents and don't let them leave the house to much.
i doubt your gf is a virgin when you met her....
I know where to find these types of girls, they are everywhere on korea.
BUT WHERE ARE THE PURE ONES REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
I was her first boyfriend, she immigrated the the US when she was young and her family didnt speak much English.
Her parents didn't let her leave the house much except to go to school and she was very sheltered, of course there's no way I can convince someone on 4chan she was a virgin, but she was.
I don't think it's as hard to find as you think, just quit looking in bars and clubs.
because your autism will drive her away from you.
if my gf ever found out i posted her on 4chan she would murder me in my sleep dude
there's no way I can convince someone on 4chanI think we need more pics as proof.
Here you go anon...
saber doesn't exist irlgive it up
I hope mummy doesn't wake up while I take her photo
is that a fucking toilet paper ?
don't u have a normal piece of paper ?
lmao
Okay no one is that creepy that they'd sneak pics of their mom to post here, at least I hope notHey it's a paper towel and maybe I'm too lazy to roll out of bed just to make you fuckers happy!
Or cause you can't roll out of the bed you fuckin porker.
Thats why she's there... to help roll me over!
It's nice to have a helper.
Roasties browse /biz/?
I found a 10/10 virgin gf within 3 Omegle chat sessions after 8/pol did a raid on the "tumblr" tag 2 years ago.
I was a 29 years old kv neet without a driving license living on another continent.
You can overcome anything that isn't a crippling health problem if you act interesting and are interested in her.
She?
We know thats you dumb cunt.
Fucking fat pig, disgusting!
Gross!
falling for the 21 BTC meme>barely worth 100K USDYou will forever be a virgin, poorfag
Just because you're going to be alone your entire life doesn't mean you have to take your depression out on me!
You don't know me, I have a girlfriend with a average weight size, you have a beached whale in your bed you thinks attractive to show off.
LOL
Anime pillows don't count, sorry.
She's not real!
So cringy are you a real human?
Maybe I can go to the beach and find another free willy washed up on shore like you did LOL.
Better bring a harpoon!
just pay me 21 btc and I will find you one, guaranteed BTC address: 1J8AWWgDmQ81NLAgChfomQmKP6kPetDtre
OP is probably that girl herself using a timer camera trying to attentionwhore without the backlash.Well played.