In light of Vit's tweet, I HIGHLY, HIGHLY recommend you take these actions:1.
Immediately sell your ETH.
Whether it be USDT, USD, another currency, whatever -- sell it.2.
Wait 24-48 hours to see what press coverage comes of his tweets and how the market reacts.3.
Buy back in if the market is OKThats it.
There is nothing to lose with this strategy.
Cheers.
Why is /biz/ littered with fud against mETH all of sudden?
>implying it will go straight to $400 and ath
ETH could very well be branded as the pedo coin, in which case it will be hard to gain corporate adoption.
Fuck off, retard.
He posted a tweet that the media will construe as him being in favor of CP
ive been searching on his twitter for awhile now.... where exactly is this tweet?
this.
wow you eth tards are screwed
why does /biz/ not like a pedo commie faggot??
It's not his fault he holds these views!!
!Kys kiddo
he deleted it, but it's been archived.
>BCH shills are losing the war>turn on ETH and money skelly>make up a bunch of fake tweets
https://archive.fo/IBm6v https://archive.fo/ZN601
Not even fud it's good advice.
You have unlimited downside and based on eth history the upside is maybe a $20 more.
BTC will die for sure this time.
BCH or ETH will win.
Going to be interesting.
https://archive.is/Ek46A
Ladies and gentlemen, I'd just like to announce that I am briefly fully in fiat for my first time since I started dabbling with crypto :) What a feeling.
Will probably reenter tomorrow.
Anybody seriously selling their ETH for a little while?
Jesus Christ what a fucking retard.
Sold my Eth let's see what happens
an autist might scramble abhor with hoard, but this might be a reach.
I JUST got into eth on coinbase last week and I can't withdraw yet... What are the fucking chances?
I have to hold 0.1 in MEW, Exodus and Eden just to trade other ERC0's.
God dammit monely skelly, why do you have to be such a leftist commie fuck-stain?
Nobody gives a shit you spergs hahaha
buy ethereum classic
4352952lol yeah, all that pandering to normies the mainstream media will do to smear Vitalik Buterin, cofounder of Ethereum!i fucking hate vitalik but this is some shittier fud.