The BTG fork was played down and shrouded in secrecy on purpose.
The stage has been set.
"Segwit2x" is unnecessary; it's already been done!
Now both the forked coins are going to be used to replace the obsolete coin: Bitcoin Gold (store of value) Bitcoin Cash (currency)
I still have my BTG :thinking:
Really sets my neurons in motion...
holy fuck, that actually makes a lot of sense but i never thought they would be connected...
I had the same thoughts.
So BTG is Satoshi's Vision?
dunno man she looks kind of dirty
I know!
I had an epiphany.
The more I look into it the more plausible it seems.
That you p o I?T
That's what I said yesterday.
https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=2394873.msg24549153#msg24549153>The only well-known member of the BTG team is Jack Liao (Lightning-ASIC) -- who is Chinese -- and I think he is only well-known because of some publicized drama with Jihan Wu.
short, medium long?
Exit point?
BTC difficulty adj.
is 1700 ish UTC tomorrow.
By then I expect BCH will easily be above 2k USD so I guess that would be a safe exit point on the BCH front.
BTG is an unknown quantity.
Just hold your forked coins if you don't want to buy any more.
It's just finding it's price now that it's on being traded on the major exchanges.
Seems to be on an upward trend.
DAMN you are fucking genius...my almonds
Except BTG and BCH can't even compare to newer coins with far superior tech behind them, much lower fees and faster transactions + some other useful features on top.
The only reason bitcoin is $8k right now is because it was a pioneer and a lot of people know about it, unlike other forks and shitcoins.
Slay the dragon OP.
thanks, p
While I don't disagree, they have the name... that's literally all that matters at the moment.
You wanna educate the countless millions of normie corporate bitches who've bought into the bitcoin brand recently?
Good luck.
You guys are simps.
They just gave them names of things with perceived value.
They're not going to call an altcoin "bitturnip", are they?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uTQlmjS-JYMThis song comes to mind
sold my btg @ $120Fugg
dat dirty ass crack

this coin stores your value digitally
I'm worth it