Hey Biz, I am usually here for the LINK & DGB updates but today I have a question about an actual business.I don't want to go into too much detail but I am a commercial photographer with 3 assistants I employ for various needs.
Aside from helping me with mundane tasks, I reward them in Bitcoin if they want to help cull through a photoshoot and help me select the best images, completely extra curricular but they all enjoy helping me out and earning some coin under the table.How it works is that I will send them each a web gallery of my initial selections of about 150 images.
Their job is to select 10 of the best photos.
For each selection they pick they earn 0.00005 BTC.
If another assistant also picks one of the same photos, the reward increases 2x.
If all 3 choose one of the same photos they all receive a reward of 5x.
I figured this help incentivize them to focus and make an articulated decisions when culling my work.After they make their selections I analyze them and use that data to help me design the perfect photo delivery.I feel like I can create a token for this process and use it to create a network of skilled photo editors to help curate and edit other photographers work using crypto and crowdsourcing.My problem is I am not a programmer by any means but I can lay out to the T how a program should function.
Where do I go from here?
theyre just gonna cheat and call each other to pick the same one every time
Hire some crypto programmers.
They'll be able to answer you best.You may have to ask around, or hire a recruiter.
Well, on a larger scale they would all be completely anonymous to each other.
Asking as a fellow artist.. how comfortable are you with giving Pajeets yet another way in to our already saturated industry?
Aside from the cheating, what guarantee would there even be that the people doing this would have any sense of composition and taste?
Your assistants are already in it and interested in the work itself, but any large online presence will just leave you in the same boat as Fiverr where people will make fake portfolios and pretend they know what they're doing.
Pass.
Seemingly a good idea.
But how comfortable would you be putting all your work out there for a bunch of potential biztards to steal?