Things oblivious rich assholes have said to me:>"You should travel more.
">"You never take vacations Anon."
> "Anon, you should take a year off and explore all of your options to figure out what you want out of life.
">"There are so many jobs out there that pay $200k+ a year.
You just have to know where to look Anon".
Yes, someone in their 20's actually said this to me.>Told this 26 year old rich fuck I know that I was having trouble finding a job in Finance.
His response was verbatim "You know what you should do Anon?
You should just march right into Goldman Sachs right now and demand that they give you a job.
And don't leave until they allow you to speak to someone.
"He was totally serious.
I died a little inside.>"You really aren't a player in Manhattan unless you're making at least $1 million a year Anon".>"What type of medical insurance does your entry level job offer Anon?
">"Does your entry level job pay at least $1k a week Anon?
">Sharpens pitch fork.
you're a lower class pleb.
Get used to the injustices and condescending remarks, they won't stop coming.
lmao poorfag
You should travel more.
You SHOULD travel more
Traveling is insanely cheapYou have a pair of legs, right?
Implying there won't eventually be a revolution and people get shanked.
It's funny but it's true.
If you're part of the elite and even moderately talented it's a total joke if you aren't pulling $120k a year unless maybe you already have family money.It doesn't take magic or some incredible success to pull $200k.
Work for 3-5 years at a big consulting, law, ibanking firm or as a doctor and you should easily be making that.Normies don't get that the biggest difference between rich and poor isn't really luxury bullshit with lambos and yatchs and caviar, it's just the ability to constantly have options.
You can fly anywhere in the world to meet people pretty much whenever, stay wherever, eat whatever, drink whatever and dress however.
Almost nothing can hurt you or ruin you.
You're immune to the daily struggles.
If someone hits your car and it's totalled, who cares about insurance?
You can just go buy another one.
its pretty sad t b h. richfags have zero self awareness
There will be no more revolutions you edge fag.Sonic weapons, laser weapons, emp, addiction to substance and technology and other stimuli, drugs in the water, prescription drugs, glycophosphate in the food.
You're fucked.
I eat at whole foods and only organic and I distill my own water.
Every single thing they've said is true.
If you're making under 52k/yr get the fuck out of Manhattan, you're wasting your money.
Yeah he's right.
Even $200-$300k is just starting to let you enjoy Manhattan and have normal people sized apartments.
$1 mil a year does sound about right to be living like a player.
"When all of the slaves died, the master starved to death because he couldn't grow his own food or kill his own livestock. "
Why aren't you trying to close the gap then anon?Sure, you can't just march into Goldman Sachs, but you can spend 2 years building up connections and skills so someone from Goldman Sachs INVITES you in?Why aren't you doing this anon?Why are you getting mad at people more privileged than you rather than trying to match them without all the easy breaks they got?I assume it's because you have a victim complex, it's easier to comfort yourself with a deterministic view of the world where the rich stay rich and the poor stay poor, rather than entertaining the possibility that success is precipitated by a system of decisions you makeDON'T GET MAD.
GET RICH!
I know tons of poorfags that have traveled tons.
Stay in hostiles.
Work as you travel.
Stop closing doors yourself.
Sounds like upper middies desu
this, fucking refugees from Syria are doing walking tours of the Balkans.
What's your excuse OP?
Yeah no, sorry, we have robots and Mexicans for that shit now.
You're never starving all the Mexicans.
"When the slaves invented robots the master killed all of the slaves and lived forever in paradise as the robots grew his food and tended his livestock, even more passively and with less complaints than the slaves"
Aside from the goldman sachs comment, and the part about taking a year off, they're completely right.
If you live in the west, and you're not supporting anyone there's no reason you should live in squalor just because you're a wagie.
You forget that the system collapses when rich people start stealing from other rich people.
That's what really sparked the French Revolution.
And it's happening now too.
There are people in the top 5% that can't even find work these days.
Pissing off a group of highly educated young, able-bodied people with money isn't the best idea.
And don't start that boomer crap that it's because they're lazy.
I guarantee you that the people who say those things didn't have to bust their asses like some meth-addicted Asian to get where they are today.
Come back when you've graduated and got a real job, you sound like an angsty teen.
In 30 - 50 yrs technology will have come far enough along that 90% of the human race is not needed to fulfill current production and development.
With a violent, swelling world population that is projected to grow only in third world (uneducated, inconsiderate, violent and poor) countries and a planet that is roasting under the strain, do you really think that there won't be a mass cull?You just better make sure you're wealthy enough, useful enough or influential enough by that stage to survive the cull and live in the ensuing paradise.
Technological advancement is outpacing social development at too fast and pace to end in anything other than a huge reduction in human life.
And no, it won't be some young able bodied revolution, the people who own the robot soldier factories will be the ones killing.
Spend what little savings you have traveling.
>Stay a poorfag foreverKek.
200k a year>EliteAdd another 0 at least
I was responding to ops comment about $200k+ jobs being everywhere.
Yeah when they're 35-45 they'll pull $2mill+.
"You should travel more.
"Hobby>"You never take vacations Anon.
"Neither do a lot of rich people> "Anon, you should take a year off and explore all of your options to figure out what you want out of life.
"I doubt any rich person says that>"There are so many jobs out there that pay $200k+ a year.
You just have to know where to look Anon".
Yes, someone in their 20's actually said this to me.There are.
My uncle makes 250k a year as a sales manager with just a high school diploma>"You really aren't a player in Manhattan unless you're making at least $1 million a year Anon".Try 10 million to be a "player"
I doubt any rich person says thatPlenty of rich housewives or old money totally would say something like that.
But people who actually did something to get rich?
Yeah probably not
Yeah I could see a trust fund baby saying that.
Wealth dies in three generations though, so I probably would not take their advice
This
Wealth doesn't necessarily die in three generations...but yeah it is really common.
Maybe almost universal.
Dated a rich Chinese girl.
Grandfather got rich probably through commie connections.
Next generation all took that money and expanded into new businesses- shipping, hotel chains, fur farms, appliance manufacturing, school consulting to help Chinese elites get into US Schools.
Third, her generation started driving lambos and falling apart.
Her cousin was like 14 and failing out of middle school- zero motivation to do anything besides video games.
Her aunt offered her mom literally a million bucks to bring the cousin up to speed.
Just sad.
heres a "redpill" for you chummer.
history really did end.
the ultra rich own and control everything on the planet.
every nation.
every army.
every corp. every government newspaper and religion.
they won.
the only question is how theyre going to cull the 99%.
43878003rd Gen wealth here.
Should I worry?
Lol.
The % of people who control the world is the same or even bigger than it was thousands of years ago when the emperors literally owned everything as gods
I am 25 and have no college debt.
Went to a good university and got a degree in accounting and finance.
Applied to 450 JOBS(yes, 450) just so I could get a shitty minimum wage job in a ghetto law firm.
Decided to reinvent myself by learning programming.
While i'm hopeful i can get a job with it, there is no guarantee.
I'm also better off trying to find work in nyc then to go somewhere else.
So no, I'm not some angsty teen.
Just saying that even people in the top 5% are being fucked over now and that things are pretty grim.
% of wealth inherited is gone by the grandchildren's death.https://www.asia.finance/knowledge-vault/wealth-management/digging-deeper-into-why-90-of-3rd-generation-wealth-is-lost/
If you are a stupid consumerist who does not work and tries to live off what your grandparents did, then yes.
Most lose it because they do not inherit enough to continue their lifestyle or are just that bad of spenders.
programming is the way to go.
i went from pushing carts at retail stores for minimum wage to 100k software dev.
busted my ass for a year, went to a coding bootcamp and hundreds of applications got a job.
then put savings into crypto.
you can move up in this world just need to not give up
No.
Just take your inheritance and put most of it into safe mutual funds, put some in Bitcoin, and put the rest in a brand new industry that you think has the potential to be huge in the near future.
But what do I know?
My great-grandfather did supervise David Rockefeller's older brothers when they were forced by their father to intern under him.
And no, i'm not making that up.
Maybe.
It's not universal, but I'd imagine it's easy for you or your kids to get demotivated and blow through money.The problem is that when no one alive in your family has been poor or ever needed to work you're going to get people who don't know what to do with themselves or have drive.
And even if you do succeed it's going to be increasingly difficult to convey that drive with each generation

muh one of rockefeller's brother's million assistants lol and look how you turned out, a giant faggot on biz.
kys
4388279I'm currently 18 and I'm getting increasingly stressed out that I have no job or sources of income besides crypto and my parents/grandparents.
>inb4 get a jobI'm a white person in Southern Africa so it's pretty hard just getting a min wage job if you aren't black.
Pull an Elon and come to America.
If you've got the money come to a US school.
You can say you're African and that'll let you slide into a top school pretty easily.
Generation Z is the return to normalcy.
Congratulations on being more redpilled than millennials.
You mean US college?
I just finished my final year in a international school so that's actually something to think about since I have family in the US.
Thanks for the idea
>travel moreThis pisses me of because it's obviously not about traveling and just a way to show of that you have money.
My country has some pretty great locations, very diverse places, just over the border you can even experience totally different cultures too.
All it costs is a tank of gas and the accommodations, but none of the people I know from collage that love traveling have ever been to any of the local places, but every year they go to France, Taiwan, India, or some other retarded place.
Like we don't have niggers, Asians and Indians here as well.
Forgot to mention, when they get back the photos they show of all these exotic places are>Natural scenes that look exactly like local places>Insides of malls
"You know what you should do Anon?
You should just march right into Goldman Sachs right now and demand that they give you a job.
And don't leave until they allow you to speak to someone.
"This isn't bad advice though, has worked for a lot of people.
I was poor, now I'm not because I worked my ass off and was smart.
I made $105K/yr in Manhattan after 6 years in the Navy as a radar technician.
No degree.You can't break $1k/wk with a degree?
Wth is your degree in?
15th century Chinese poetry?
>"You know what you should do Anon?
You should just march right into Goldman Sachs right now and demand that they give you a job.
And don't leave until they allow you to speak to someone.
"Tell the faggot to join you.
And kick his ass if you don't get a job.
Sure, you can't just march into Goldman Sachs, but you can spend 2 years building up connections and skills so someone from Goldman Sachs INVITES you in?It sounds like he already has the connections desu, with all the rich folks he seems to know
As far as walking into jobs,there's actually a dearth right now of mid-level warehouse workers here in WI (where I moved because NYC is basically a crowded butthole.
)Wife and closest friend are execs in plants - and they WISH people would walk in and ask for a job.
A guy got hired at my friend's plant, and his resume was literally "I worked at Wal-Mart for the last 16 years.
Name: asshat Phone: X" ONE fucking line, but hey, anyone who works anywhere for 16 years obviously knows how to show up to work.
$15/hr (which is $30/hr in NYC or LA).Try to tell a millennial to walk in and ask if they're hiring and it's "omg you OLD person, things don't WORK that way anymore!"
But they do, and the only thing not working is YOU.
>mom get the camera>omg omg omg>ooohhhhhhhhhhh
4386975>fucking refugees from Syria are doing walking tours of the Balkans.
What's your excuse OP?Not OP but:jew-subverted supranational governmental organizations aren't funding such excursions for white christian males
There are.
My uncle makes 250k a year as a sales manager with just a high school diplomaYeah, well, my uncle works for Nintendo.
went to a coding bootcamp and hundreds of applications got a job.
then put savings into crypto.In thirty years, young people are going to be shit-talking you in the same way we shit-talk boomers.
Does 'Southern Africa' mean something other than "South Africa"?Regardless, you need to GTFO and take as many of your family members as you can convince with you.
IMMEDIATELY
>Just give the boss a firm hand shake and tell him you'll start monday what did they mean by this?