Do the math to figure out what price BCH has to hit to keep its hash power in 22 hours.
this is outdatedBitcoin Cash is going to change its difficulty algorithm tomorrowhttps://www.bitcoinabc.org/november
see
The diff adjustment happens before the fork, so EDA cannot be exploited to reverse the massive adjustment before it kicks in.
seeNew algorithm stops massive diff swings like previously, and it doesn't kick in until after diff hits 50% of BTC.
Moon Man out to rek your bullshit once again goys.
It doesn't matter in the long runEven if the corecucks implement their jew channels, we still have bitcoin that has 10 more years of infighting to go throughThe only way corecucks win is if the entire industry crashes and they get 10 more years of stale adoption to get round to doing somethingBCH actually has a direction, and limited infighting.
Businesses will just go with thatAlso no1 fucking takes autistic SJWs seriously ,like LUKE JR, who still believe in god fairies and that the dinosaurs didn't exist
Moon Man tell a retard what this means
doesnt matterby the end of the day bch will be even easier to min than today, this will either deal a death blow to btc and cause mass panic or just fizzle out and bch will either stabilize or crash
this is going to be a fucking bloodbath, a true JUSTing
it will cause a huge dump if it's easier to mine you idiot
you retard, bch already has 60% of the hashing rate and it will go to 80-90% on monday, making btc transactions literally take weeks to complete
I really don't think you understand the precedent this will set if BCH overtakes BTCThe normies won't ever forgive bitcoin for crashing so much just cause another coin got popular.
They'll think "what, I went to sleep and woke up and my entire investment is gone?
guess this WAS a bubble."
If BTC goes, crypto goes with it.
Perfect 4 us
barely any normies direcly invest in btc, they do it through various funds and brokerersyour fears are unfounded
why are they advertising the size of the chain?
doesn't that just mean nobody is using it?10% difficulty means 10x faster blocks, correct?8mb vs 1mb, is 8x the memory per blocktherefore, at full capacity, it should grow 80x faster than core, correct?that means roughly 4.2TB PER YEAR, while core is around 52GB per year
barely any normies direcly invest in btcYeah I'm sure those 100,000 users Coinbase added over a single weekend didn't buy any BTC themselves
10% difficulty means 10x faster blocks, correct?assuming 50% hashrate which isn't the case.new diff algo will rebalance to 10min blocks, so BCH chain will grow 8x, not 80x.
moon man spoonfeed me plswhat's gonna happeni can't do math ;_;
And WTF do you think the "brokerers" are invested in?If the chink miners actually succeed in killing BTC, they will be destroying all confidence in the very idea of crypto as a store of value for decades, if not forever.
The math is as follows:BCH upBTC downETH to $300LINK to the moon.
Sorry arkie, as BTC falls so will you
JUST FUCKING TELL ME IF I SHOULD SELL MY BITCOIN FOR BCH NOW AAAAAAAAAAAA WHY WONT YOU TELL ME?!?!?
!AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH
This please
That's such absolute bullshit.
Bitcoin Cash succeeding will represent the power of Bitcoin to evolve, adapt and reject corporate takeover, even with corrupt developers.
they will be destroying all confidence in the very idea of crypto as a store of value for decadesahahhaahhahaha you fucking deluded legacycucks
will represent the power of Bitcoin to evolve, adapt and reject corporate takeover,It will also represent a crypto that is okay with building in changes to the difficulty adjustments to keep miners in to kill the competition.
So much for decentralization
That's such absolute bullshit.
Bitcoin Cash succeeding will represent the power of Bitcoin to evolve, adapt and reject corporate takeover, even with corrupt developers.>miners and asic manufactuerers aren't corporationsYou're retarded.
Bitcoin Cash is a corporate take over.
That's what defeating the S2X fork showed.The only thing a BCH "flippening" would demonstrate to people that care about crypto is that Bitcoin is dead, and its development has been turned over to a chink mining group that will never implement any solutions that aren't reliant on their mined blocks.
And you really think normie investors and institutional money are just going to shrug off BTC going to zero?
Get real -- that would be the death of crypto's real economic potential, and everybody who isn't a chink shill damn well knows it.
This.
Is it still a good time to hop into BCH or is this whole shit gonna crash tomorrow?
I'm a brainlet and I don't get all this hashpower, forking bullshit.
I just want to make money.
Not an argument
and I don't get all this hashpower, forking bullshit.
I just want to make money.And this is why Bitcoin is so fucked up in the first place.
People investing in it with absolutely no understanding of the underlying technology.You deserve to get fucked by Core.
Stick to value investing in alts desu.BTC drama is way too unpredictable.
you are literally fucking retarded, go back to plebbit
If miners all migrate to BCH won't the BCH difficulty increase and the BTC difficulty decrease?
Also, with the transaction backlog on the BTC chain, won't this make it even more profitable for miners to switch back to BTC?
Seems to me like a sick pump in BCH and a healthy correction in BTC but maybe I am not getting emotional enough.
If miners all migrate to BCH won't the BCH difficulty increase and the BTC difficulty decrease?Not with good old Jihan looking out for them and outright changing the difficulty algo so they stay with BCH
0.002 shekels added to your account
This is why cars are fucked.
People are driving them and have no idea how electronic fuel injection works.
Go back to riding bicycles.
Apparently if the price of BCH is high enough (~$2000) the miners won't switch and the BTC network backlog will last another week or so.The miners might mine the old chain to some degree but prioritize their own transactions so they can dump their BTC for BCH.But if the price of BCH can't break $2000 then things will go back to normal and BCH fomoers will get dumped on big time.I want nothing to do with this horseshit and neither should you.
A lot of those are scammers who are buying 100 dollars worth of crypto with stolen credit cards.
A lot of those are scammers who are buying 100 dollars worth of crypto with stolen credit cards.
Thanks
Miners won’t go back bitcoin cash is the only solution that solves the congestion problem and continues on the original chain
Happened to my mom.
Seriously the weirdest coincidence I've ever seen.
If it's happened to her it's happened to many others.
This is a Korean pnd nothing more
4310565Nice job addressing the point with an unoriginal accusation of shilling.
So those aren't corporations right?https://pastebin.com/n0aGBMQrWith their own takeover plan involving market manipulation too.
ETH to $300hehehe at least we know that's true.
Eat my ass with a fucking spoon you elitist.
I understand the general concept behind cryptos which is why I'm invested in them, forgive the fuck out of me for not understanding every little goddamn nuance.
He's right people like you are the reason this ever happened.
Retards ruined bitcoin.
lmao, btc wont be dethroned for a few more years.
Bitcoin is a fucking dinosaur that's not keeping up with the times you moron.
It's doing this shit to itself.
4310680/thread