Check it out guys, this platform called Erotix just launched their website and white paper.
They promise uploaders of porn money, just like Steem.
You can even get money just for watching porn, looks freaking sweet.
>getting paid to fapAlright, where's the catch?
LUL IM GONNA BE RICH
This doesn’t sound real.
Do they pay me more for watching trap porn?
A.. asking for a friend, obviously.
This right here.
This is the most retarded shit I'll read all week.
how do i know this is real?
Also asking for a friend.
I found my career
Well they have a big ass white paper explaining it all and the parts that I have read so far, look really good.
They have a fund, similar to Steem, to pay content creators.
They also retain value of the coin by using it as a discounted pay method for premium stuff.
Check out https://www.erotix.io
They pay more for watching cuckold porn, sorry faggot.
I'm going to guess that you're part of the erotix team as new as this is and because I couldn't find shit on this before you supplied this link.
Assuming that this is the case here's some advice.
Work on your SEO, even searching multiple variations of cryptocurrency erotix, white paper erotic, cryptocurrency erotix white paper, etc.
produced nothing associated with this.
Also come up with a timeline and post it on the website, most anons are not going to sign up for a newsletter.Other than that I'm sure there'd be a lot of interest in this if you can actually pull it off.
Porn without all the annoying ads would indeed be nice.
Many others have tried a porn exclusive crypto though, they've all been failures.
Ha, of course I am.
Our SEO is still non-existent as we wanted to wait with finishing our whitepaper first.
Sitemaps have just been applied to google and we are working on getting other SEO out there.Good call on the timeline, that should indeed be added to our website as well.
As soon as we've taken photographs of the entire team, we will also put up a Team section, as well as a news section.
Thanks for the feedback!
Well alright, what do you need?
Are you trying to spread the word, or looking for some kind of help for the whole thing?
I could use a fap right now but the platform seems far from completion.
We are trying to spread the word but we would also love some feedback!
The video website itself is actually finished and so is the majority of the games website.
We do however still need to implement the token integration and finish the token smartcontract.
FAPcoin is the leader in the adult crypto industry.
its our coin built by our people.
we should all support it and pump it
if you guys pay in btc I'd be happy to take a look at your SEO, do an audit, give suggestions, etc.
such a degenerate coin.
i hope btc bubble bursts and altcoins are sent back to the hell theycame from
haha
SCAM SCAM SCAM AHHHHHH
Lmao, a coin that is actually a token.
And the token does nothing more than work as a payment method for adult related transaction.If you check our website, we are no competition.
We are not a coin used for making adult related payments.
We are developing an entire platform with the main site being an adult tube website.
This tube website will reward uploaders of content and curators of content.
Just read the whitepaper if you want to know more.
This reminds me of sex coin
i literally nut in under 30 seconds
4496744Unfortunately the alts wouldn't die off at least the top ten coins would probably still survive.
They promise uploaders of porn money, just like Steem.There are a million sites that already do this.
The Erotix Platform is a platform built around the adult entertainment sector.
The main application of the platform is Erotix Network, a website where uses can upload and watch adult content.>uses Nigga proof read your white paper first goddamn
why would i buy this garbage over lgd rofl
It sounds very jewish.