Can we have a discussion about weed stocks in Canada with the upcoming legalization?What do/did you own?
what would you like to?I can't see anything other than a crash coming based on how overvalued these stocks are...but when>inb4 0 replies because not crypto related
I'm waiting on a dip to get in.
Missed the train on Canopy and the other big ones that mooned recently.
Looking at these three:Maricann Supreme Pharmaceuticals Harvest One Cannabis Do you really think there is going to be a big crash soon with legalization right around the corner?
Canopy is still over inflated.
Most weed stocks in Canada are inflated right now, wait for them to correct more
I've done very well trading canopy and aprhia starting prior to the first bubble during November 2016.
I was rebuying both back in May when they were getting shit on and falling below their 200dmas and rode both on the way up until Aphria fucked everyone with their financing/TSX delisting FUD and I got raped 10-15% that one day.
Kicking myself for not hanging on longer but I still made like 7-8k on that trade and anyone that says they saw the Constellation deal coming has a fucking crystal ball or is a liar.
I want them to pull back to what I feel is a more reasonable level before I think about buying back in but I don't doubt that they could continue to run further, too.
Something will likely fuck them up between now and legalization and legalization itself will probably be a letdown and fraught with issues from day 1.
You seem to know a lot about this.
I'm heavy into crypto but looking to diversify into traditional equities, is there somewhere I can reach out to you to chat weed stocks?
i sold over half of my weed, aph, acb last weekhoping to buy back in when things go down for a bitDo you really think there is going to be a big crash soon with legalization right around the corner?wouldn't say big crash, but I don't think acb will hold over $6 for ever, decent chance for a year end sell off
You could get telegram and reach out to me @xan_archy since i'm on there most days talking crypto anyways