What went wrong?
Biz happened
this
confido
A bunch of impatient moonlets whined because they didn't get rich instantly from a project that is still in its infancy.
the comment from Rory today showed that they really don't know shit.
44904864491309CHNall day baby
Nothing went wrongith, good sir, in fact t'would be hard-pressed to discern a single thing gone awry with such an esteemed legal tender.
This matter is simply one in which we must await news from the hills where Sergey doth wanders.
the project is not even in its infancy, this is just a misconception.
just because the price doesn't move it doesn't mean shit about the project.
WELCOME TO CRYPTOLAND, PRICE NEVER REFLECTS ACTUAL VALUE.And when it starts to do so, you have 2 minutes to go in or miss the rocket if you didn't buy low already.
The oracle problem
basic bitch shit tier taste in cars
Just wait.
You wanna know a secret to whale success?
I don't claim to be one, but I know one thing about them that makes them winners: when they make a position in the market, they stick with it until it pays off.
that's what the top 50 wallet addresses are doin', and that's what YOU should do, even if your stack is 10k.
You made a position.
Stick with it.
And with LINK, believe me, it'll pay off.
I assume you are under by 50% or more USD value, and at least 70% BTC?You got greedy, you knew BTC would reach all time highs and you could have shorted alts to make even more BTC.
You rode the wrong wave out of willful ignorance.Enjoy your bags you subhuman turd.
This ugly frog is posting in all chainlink shill threads, combined with an arrogant claim for people to "calm down, it will moon".No fundamentals, no product, poor marketing, 3 chainlink people (rory, steve, sergey) that continue making a post every 2 weeks, and without exception every post just shows their naivety and complete lack of understanding how to run a business.
Its the generation that grew up being employed at facebook/google/apple companies - no matter how little you understand of why things work, no matter how shitty your code is, there is always never ending money flowing into you.Its sad.
The 32mn they raised surely wont help their discipline.
Rather it encouraged maintaining their sloppy and unprofessional work ethics.
I IT will moon, right?
JUST HODL