ETH MOONING
Every recent ICO would like to disagree with you.
why is it mooning
btc dropping / vitalik fitness ico
Vitalik was caught fucking a child.
$500 by december.
screencap this.
im in

THE FLIPPENING GUYS, IT WILL REPLACE BTC!!
ALL IN!
Is it worth buying a ticket now or is a drop incoming?
hasn't started yet.
Only up 4% so far
Buy up to $400.
Its gonna pass $350 and then rocket somewhere from there.
Get in before $350 is super safe.
Can we stop declaring moon at less than 10% 24hr gain please?
NO STOP LOSS!
Then it's too late and people start dumping.
Lots of ADD autists
nice photoshop skillz op
goes up 3%/biz IT'S MOONING!
If it chews through that $350 sell wall we are gonna see $400 maybe a few minutes after
Have fun watching from earth poorfag
Hopefully nobody is dumb enough to jump out of the ETH market because they see a 10% spike or something.
I would think this would go without saying, but keep holding boyz
It's been stuck below 330 for months you absolute mong
plunges 30%IT'S JUST WHALES ACCUMULATING
% of my coin is ETH
>tfw not sure if I should buy ETH right now or wait till it dipsJ U S T
I mean, yeah it's on a bit of a rise, but moon is 10x, 100x evenIf we're REALLY lucky this will 2x
not 100%
buy high sell low motherfucker, you already missed it
gotta respect the king
If it goes above 350$ it will get very interesting.
Very true I apologize
youre right I shouldnt be stupid again and buy it as its mooning.
Almost got burned with bitcoin but I held it and am in the green now so wait till it dips it is
IM IN BOYS
Why though?
Wow the first time I've seen a sensible post on /biz/Enjoy not being burned bro
only going higher.
only 4.2% up right now.
Hop on bro.
I saved you a seat
Its gonna go to 350??
Isnt too late?
Because it went up until 350$ in October, then it crashed again.
If ETH breaks this resistance, it will hopefully moon to new ATHs.
nah.
Worst case scenario it goes back down 4%.
Best case it brakes 350 and launches
Not it didnt break rsistance...yet
This is it boys, the horizontal is over
lol op throws a random shill and the herd follows brainlets
ETH went up 30% in 2 and a half hours.That's not mooning, but its close.
It's about time this wet blanket started fucking doing SOMETHING
the thing is though that time was always going to come
Where do you buy it from?
Coinbase?
if you buy from coinbase by the time you get its too late

No it locks the price in
Don't buy high
yeah at 350 and by the time he gets it it's back to 330
This isn't some pump and dump shitcoin like you're used to getting scammed into
You seriously bought at ATH?
Memes aside
Then where do you buy it from?
this isn't ATH
4% ATH
bitch nigger tits, please.
eth is just as spastic as you stepdad.
a week from now it could easily be 300 aye gain.
coinbase or gemini.
Any account you have
use gdax when you have the shekels in your account.
never ach buy and wait a week.
This coin is going back to $279 by black friday.
Screen cap this...
Okay, I don't want to risk more than $1500.
>tfw bought at 0.051pls lord let me dump these bags
This guy is going to FOMO in at $355
I bought at $150, sold off at $420 motherfucker and bought back in at 200 something.
Don't tell me about scams nig nog
I rode the wave and made 50 bucks
ETH is projected to hit a minimum of $500 by January according to previous support lines charted out with the TA formed wedge.
Check the orderbooks yourself, there is massive support, and it is still growing.
Any buy below $450 is a good deal.
Anything above is cutting it close.
sold off at $420What coin?
ETH didn't hit that price yet.
This is not true.
it was close to 420, 412-414 I don't fucking remember.
He's LARPing
These waves would go much longer if niggers didn't pull out so fucking fast
It hasn't even hit $390 yet.
it broke 4
Fundamentals very strong on eth.
Superior technology, fair price.
Btc's too expensive already.
Gains will be made in erh.
Are we breaking 350 boys?how fucking new are you?
Ether did hit 420, stupid newfag.
data over time like that is aggregated, they only keep certain data points, i.e.
hour chart is every few seconds, day chart is every few minutes, week chart is every few hours, etc.
this applies to every graph you look at in general not just finance
ETH IS FUCKING MOONING BOYOS
Retard detected.
>Those buy walls
Whatsa buy wall
$500 eth in 3 days GOOGOGOGOGO
$300 eth in 3 days ftfy
That Vitalik's camber needs adjustment.
Looking at the order books, it seems a bunch of whales have decided that 350 is the perfect selling number and that it will dip from there.
log chart, 1200 USD coming up in the next wave (its off the chart in img related).first wave: 0.30 cents > 20 USDsecond wave: 20 USD > 350 USDthird wave: 350 USD > 1200 USDMark my words.
>tfw only 65 eth and wanted 100 before it moons
tfw rose could have been famous and rich as pewdiepie
Wow what a moon!
>/biz/ in 2019>ETH has moved 10 pips.>Guys it's mooning!!
Not understanding the implications of the satoshi value fluctuation during those time periods, and the effects of the forks/ new money coming into the most mainstream crypto there is.
(BTC).
Ethereum is solid, and is showing to be VERY bullish.
Yes it has stagnated recently, but I consider that a win after the alt-massacre that was these last couple weeks.
It is projected to hit it's target of $520 within the next two weeks.
If it breaks that target, it is almost surefire on it's way to $800.
It is projected to hit it's target of $520 within the next two weeksMy TA shows 3.5 weeks and we break $500
what do you think is timeline for $800?
It is projected to hit My TA showslmao
muh TA