but i pussed outcrypto is all about taking risks, taking chances - something i havn't done in awhileI built my bag taking risks and i've slowly bled out by being a pussy.Time to take another risk.I'm all in at .25pray for me /biz/ralis
You’re fucked.
Good luck
Yeah, you go tough guy.
Kick ass out there with your wallet.
Never ever FOMO.
Take the risk when you plan to take it, never hesitate or you'll get rekt.You basically did the financial equivalent of starting to cross a road when a car was coming, then turning around to decide to wait for a green light, then saying fuck it and trying to cross again.
Either do something or don't, but never fucking hesitate then FOMO into it.RIP OP.
we are absorbing btcthe corecucks will laugh at you today but cry tomorrow
You're gonna be just fine, friend.This is only the beginning.Fair entry point.Could have done better, but as you said.
It was a risk you took.You'll see the next rally soon.
This is a marathon as much as it looks like a sprint.
$96B difference in market capOkay faggot lol
Fortune favors the bold.
And what was the spread on the mcap 48hrs ago?
:3
dude i lost a potential 15k for not switching earlier
bch trippled its marketcap in 3 days and it will happen again once btc gets put to a standstill
Guys you need to buy Bitcoin cash now, you can still get like 4 bitcoins for your old CoreSegwitJewCoin if you catch my drift.
Please, I went in all on 0.26 and belive in the floppening, thanks for showing me the light biz it really made me think and even the logo is green so it can only go up.
Just get some Bitcoin cash guys you got the pole position in buying it before the "normies" have to get in at a 2:1 ratio, yes 2:1 you will see so if you wanna be rich get in now
I wanted to go all in at $700 but by the time my BTC transaction confirmed it was over 1k.I hope BTC dies, it fucked over my gains.
I almost
REEEEEEEEEEWHAT HAVE I DONE FUUUUUUUUUUUCK
SELLELL
Fucking noob.
Never buy straight back into a alt that has performed so well.
Be more patient and buy the blood
Fuck this Pajeet sounding comment is spot on.
Well done Not trading in ETH between exchanges because it’s faster wew lad
you never go all inyou could have gone in 50% thoyou also don't puss out then
Such a good analogy for FOMO.
This should be the first piece of advice anyone joining crypto reads.