get in now.
here the link and readhttps://steemit.com/bitcoin/@mpspringer/powr-confirmed-palm-beach-research-group-teeka
what if he reports back that it's a steaming turd?
does that ever happen
He doesn't shill coins outside of Bittrex
Fuck off pajeet
like sx2 this crap is over, market sentiment has moved on from scheming scamming teeka
POWR's not on bittrex.
He won't send his boomers to some shitty chink exchange.It's SLR.
who cares about teeka, that pajeet charges 3k to boomers who pump shit coins he buys for cents on the dollars then he dumps on them LOL
it's RCN
Thats the thing...POWR is being listed on bittrex next weekwhales been pushing price down and accumulating last 2 days
thats the only thing that ever happenspeak of blockchain technology was a year ago, its all downhill from here
its neither SLR or POWR, he doesnt reveal until 2 weeks from now u goons lol
Everyone knows it's KMD.
It's like an open secret at this point.
POWR is fucking garbage.
Explain to me, faggots, how it is ever going to get off the ground?
I know we only really trade from hype, but how can there hype on such ludicrous projects
Stop spreading this so early, I’m trying to accumulate still!
Already got plenty in it, juicy volume as well.
It's going to be a nice week.
power confirmed with gov so... take ur shit of fud away
nopethe new home for pnd erc20's fucking lol
Who exactly from this team is the MIT guys written in the PBC??
fuck of faggot!
leigh travers
Pretty sure they are connected with Perth state government as well as Origin energy (Huge energy company in Aus).t:: Ausfagdisclaimer: Not POWR bagholder yet
they aren't at all
fucking sauce of any kind
Sorry probably talking out my ass because im just repeating a rumour posted a few days ago.
(Should have added a disclaimer there).
4263788Co founder - Jemma green is the lord mayor of Perth, Western australia.
Origin partnershiphttps://www.coindesk.com/australian-energy-giant-partners-with-blockchain-startup-to-test-energy-trade/Tech mahindra partnershiphttps://www.techmahindra.com/media/press_releases/TechMahindra-PowerLedger-unite-to-unleash-the-powerofMaaS.aspx
4263788The co-founder of POWR is the Deputy Lord Mayor of Perthsource: http://www.abc.net.au/news/2017-10-24/perth-city-council-votes-for-new-deputy-lord-mayor/9082274They're partnered with Origin Energysource: https://www.coindesk.com/australian-energy-giant-partners-with-blockchain-startup-to-test-energy-trade/
So is POWR confirmed pick
yes pajeet
Im not a pajeet sir.
NOPSA PSA PSA PSA:First of all the mayor IS NOT involved in the project.Elon Musk is not backing this project.It is NOT the PBC pick.These are scams.DYOR before you invest in a SHITCOINfuck i feeel like i gotta hold all of your hands
Thanks for holding my hand.
It was feeling cold.
the stars are aligning
its slr u curry shitter
I never said elon was.
The deputy lord Mayor is the Chair and co founder of power ledger.
One quick google and you can diagnose your own autism