Was this fake news?
All part of the larger plan
URL was real, most of the LINK slack can confirm, including myself I was on it until it was taken down.
No it was just early news.
Why his this not caused a doubling in price?
because it got memed to hard.
Everyone already knew they were working with Swift.
Why would it cause a moon?
It was real.
The LINK worked when it got posted here the first time.
Right.
Right.
it was real> nobody archivednice fake news pajeets, that's why india will be poor forever
Why would anyone fake something we already knew they were doing?
Fuckin scam, what a load of bullshit.
4344863kek the absolute state of link fudders
The link really was real you mong
Go search for it in the archive.
Do you fags think we faked our discussions then too?4319966
derp a herp?>fsgdhs
nice fake news pajeets, that's why india will be poor foreverKeep laughing.. by 2030 whites will be servants and beggars in India, i will become the most civilized nation on the earth.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s6Lznha9EQ0
"Swift aren't going to use Link after SIBOS!
">OP's pic leaks>"Everyone already knew Swift was going to use Link after SIBOS, so it's already priced in!"
Yep pretty much lmao.
U can't win.
Just hold til 2018
TOP KEKpoo in loo, PajeetPOO IN LOO
by 2030 whites will be servants and beggars in India, i will become the most civilized nation on the earth.Sukhdeep..sir..i.... this... it really possible?
Google still finds it.
It already did.
During the SIBOS conference.
And then it tanked to its current price due to a lack of interest.
Don't be a retard.
We've all known since before SIBOS about this.
Everyone who knows what ChainLink is knows that it's to be used by Swift.
Some random screenshot detailing what we already know won't make the price go up.
"Swift aren't going to use Link after SIBOS!
">OP's pic leaks>"Everyone who knows what ChainLink is knows that it's to be used by Swift.
Some random screenshot detailing what we already know won't make the price go up!"
So according to you, "everyone knows" that Swift is indeed going to use Link, and yet there is a lack of interest.And this doesn't strike you as odd?
Anyone not in denial knows it.
Most people are in denial about Link.