Ready to trade Forex and Copper futures today anon?
The fund is growing
going long usd/mxn with a tight stop loss at 19.2098
dollar bulls are here hopewfully
 more hours until the official Copper of the day goes up
Im here all day byu the way if you have questions, for the next 12 hoursattempting to get 100% gains for the fund this month
FUCK YES+5% on the usd/m,ex long

putting a buy limit on the usd/hkd at 7.8063 seeing it it fills
not getting filled and it looks like it pupmed high for a moment.. hopefull this gets filled
Ok its filledsl at 7.80450
blah after looking theres not much profit to be hadfloatiung around 0.0% just take profits at anything
Ok boys its break time until 1 hour from now when commidites opens up again, go eat lunch/snort adderal
No one gives a shit about your heavy ass rocks
Just wait until 100% gains, Biz will be sorry
put in Long Usd/Jpy limit at 112.788 waiting to see if get filled.Note: The next FX news is Japan in a little over an hour
still not filledboy sure wish anon was here to help me find good forex opportunities..
I unironically seek out and enjoy lurking your threads.
It's comfy
same
glad to hear.
I find making a pretend fund helps motivate me to not make mistakes
new positionLong 1.16532 EUR/CHFSL: 1.16450
take profit at 1.5% or around 1.6560
It motivates me to send some cash to 1broker just to play pretend hedgefund with you
change stop loss to 1.16489Im only using 2 million satoshi as the base fund, do it
EUR/CHF is looking pretty hairy, I think sl might hit, better take profit at 0.0 if you can
Stop loss hit, took 1% hit to the fund :(
long yen112.869 entry112.845 sl
.9 take profithope this works...
lol I removed my stop loss, probably not a good idea but I think its bouncing back
Reason: foerign investment news comes in for japan in 1 hour.
this will probably cause big players to try and squeeze people out, thus, any direction you choose will probably turn well so long as you take profits at 1%
it bounced back.
take break even now
WAIT FUCK YES BEFORE I COULD CLICK THE BUTTON IT MOON+4% to the fund
 minutes until copper opens up1 hour until we start putting positions
putting a limit order on NZD/USD at 0.68708awaiting it to be filled
keep an eye on Goldtheres a solid floor at 1277.40 area
Natural gas broke ceiling, but we dont touch NatGas unless it is at 3.17 or 2.89
438429650 minutes warning for copper
the fuck is that coin
aka the 1 cent coin
30 minutescant find much forex goodies, maybe set a buy limit for jpy at 112.789 see if that works
Does anyone trade forex here?
If so how many pips are you able to extract from the market daily?
cancel that and put up a short NZD/aud at 1.10422 with a sl ayt 1.10470
nigger you were here last night I remeber you1.10375 take profit on the nxd thing
Are you able to extract pips from the market?
If so how much?
I'm not understanding what's so hard about answering a simple question.
nigger do you have amnesia?
What's your strategy?
canceling at break even on nzd.
for copper, you will see in 20 minutesfor forex: take 100mg adderall then just do it.
I dont use indicators or anything, just resistance and support
You are posting the same shit as yesterdaywhy?
?gold is going lower by the way
holy shit good thing I broke even opn that trade NZD just mooned
i want to learn desu but all these terms are so new to me...i dont understand them where do i start?
i've only traded cryptos
Give me an example of how resistance and support looks for you.
I'm the guy who made the thread last night if you were in it.
go to whaleclub and practice with the demoput real money on 1broker.
Then ask meno i was only on the rukia thread.
Uhh I pulled up random part of the chart, the reds are stop losses and the purple/pink is buy and sell points...
You are why people can't have nice things.
That was actually from today if you were smart enough to see the date.
It's sad that you couldn't even understand what you were looking as I already predicted.I'll fuck off now
2 minutes until copper candle begins

Ok at 16:15 the first candle will be formed, then positions will be put up
1 minutesthread theme:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M99VKETOCy0
awaiting breakout
Ok guys if anyone following, Put a limit short at 3.053 (becaus of spread).
this is incase to catch the fakeoutIm watching like a hawk so i cant post instantly what to do
sorry, 3.0526 on 1broker
fug we broke down, remove order and wait till next candle
OK Im going inShorting at Entry Price 3.0520
OH FUCK IT WAS IMMEDIATELY DESTROYEDBUY NOW, SHORT OVER
So you just draw some fucking lines?
What's your win rate?
What hours do you trade?
Are there any good Forex discord groups with discussions and signals?
This guy is a fucking retard who's fucking around on a demo most likely, if not he's wasting money then.
I wouldn't follow his advice.
I usually post a thread every 2 days here.
At worst you will lose once in 10 trades you follow me into.
If you want to make 80 pips right now, short EURUSD, TP at 1.17.You're welcome.
4383841You two should start a discord group and keep it there, would be more convinient and probably would attract more people.Having pretend fund discord group sounds pretty fun.
I hate discords I uninstalled
We don't need a discord.
gold line is the buy, dark red is the stop loss
we are mooning boys, move your stop loss up to 3.0499
So you've been trading for 3 days with your current account or in total?
Do you have prior experience?
Ive been here since maythis is a pretend fund, I put 2 million satoshis as the base... its for fun and to practice
Fug are you guys seeing this shit?
cancerlled -1.5% to fundput a short at the top lol fug
since it did infact break the bottom line.. instructions say to short at the tophopefully it downtrends and this saves the day
"Hopefully"Lol
lol it usually worksI believe right now is the fake out, there is usually 1 before it reverses.
but Im putting my unique spin on this strat
ok I think maybe that was a shooting star and we going down now forever, hold boys
Holy fuck this is boringforex is much better for intraday

give me a rundown
Consider suicide as a career option.
Wheres your fund?
you dont got one because you arent profitable
I win 9 out of every 10 trades faggot kys.
Made $500 today, don't need a fund.
Ah just as I suspected, you are the samefag as this guycare to make a competition if you are so good?Tomorrow, the forex.
100 dollars base.
most gains by the end of the day wins
why are you belittling this person?
they have their own forex thread and it sucks compared to mine so they are jealoustheyve been here since yesterday
dont tell me you are scared to play with the big boys
 I'm not that guy.
And there's no competition between us.
Get on my level first, then we'll talk.
I'm not belittling him, I'm trying to help people by not letting them follow this faggots trades as he will probably sink everyone's money.
I'm also giving him good trades and a chance to become a better trader.
caring about other biztardslmao.
Also The fund is still up 2.5%
alright boys and girls here is my predictionwe just need to break a donchian bar and we are safe
its happening boys hold, smashed that doncian bar
fuck yes ok we are at the next support.
we break this and its a huge plummet (anything under 3.0520)