What are you guys scooping up right this moment?
Personally, I just became a member of the deluded linkies and expanded my RCN (RIpio Credit Netowrk) position.
ASTRO on ed, shit will be 15 bucks in a month
absolutely nothing when bitcoin is obviously about to smash ATHI'll buy when I see some -60%sretarded "dip" buyers lmao, this isn't even a dip.
ed?
Couldn't find ASTRO on Bittrex or Binance.
shut the fuck up you retard>fucking scam coin the website barely functions
Not scooping anything up but I'm holding heavy bags of RCN from a few days ago.
It's dropped a scary amount.
Hoping it comes back.
Seeing huge red flags.
1.
SSL encryption on their website has been mysteriously removed leaving users susceptible to man-in-the-middle attacks.2.
Bulk of ED volume is from a single user who is buying and selling to himself.
haha hold on, cause your dip's about to get a lot dippier
BCPT
QRL, GRS and VTC for me, dawg.
Lol their website is down.
Dont fall for this astro shit, buy something with some real application and is undervalued, go with MOD man.
confido dipping hard, once it goes below .002 ETH ill be buying.
BCPT, VEN, RPX, ARN>muh competition
single user who is buying and selling to himself.
POWR & XRP for the long term.
Love VEN, but am heavily invested in ARN.
ARN looks like it has the greatest potential in the near future, especially since the price has settled after rising when it was first listed on exchanges.
JESUS CHRIST are people still ‘buying the dip’ that’s been going on for 3 FUCKING MONTHS, throwing more money into stupid fucking alts?
The euphoria on this place after segwit2x got cancelled and your SHITTY ALT rose by 25% after losing 50%+ since August.Wake up and realise what your doing ya big dummies
Tbh I’m predicting a double top into a healthy correction after a month full of crazy bull runs for btc, and then we finally get a month or so of sideways btc trading and some actual action in the alt markets Ofcourse your prediction is just as likely to happen.. market follows no logic anymore