The FOMO is real
I'd say IOTA will push up again, to 1$ at least... but there might be a big correction soon after that, so don't be too greedy
iam all iota but never ever buy the high!!!!
it will correct all coins do all stocks do
Up to you, but I'd hold some through December.
Next coin on coinbase
Yeah I've been waiting for a correction but a small part of me thinks it's gonna go to $5 overnight and then I'd have to kms.
Especially since I've been watching it for awhile but just never got any.
FOMO is real on everyone.
Ive been thinking the same as you for a week and it has just gone up since.
I think the rest will follow soon, before it rallies up to $2 real fast.
Yes.
Don't buy this high.
If you're trading, it's high risk.
If you're investing, you'd already have bought.
Just don't do what I did...
Holy shit dude.
Just buy back?
You will make up for that loss easy....
This.
I actually hold a ton if Iota, but I would advise waiting until the heat dies down.If youre in it for the long haul you should buy in gradually.
Im talking $500 / week over next 4 weeks.This is called Dollar Cost Averaging and is more effective than dumping the whole wad into it.Then again it may spike up to $3 overnight ..
That honestly scared me into not doing it.
Gonna wait for that sweet correction.
Think it'll get back to 50 cents?
Yeah well fuck that.
I waited a week ago when it went up more than 25% for this reason and its been going up since.
IOTA buyers buy and hold so it will just go up from now.
They panic sold before when BTC crashes.I could have saved 3000€ by just buying last week instead.
Dollar cost average my ass!!!
At least im in now and im not selling even if it tanks.
Doubtful but maybe 75
I honestly don't know.
I thought it was dead after the errors the team made...I'm not touching iota again.
I suspect it's overpriced vaporware.The only reason I bought was to diversify my portfolio a little.
To make matters worse, I sold btc to buy it, so really, my opportunity cost is probably 2k +Oh well...I think ark is a better hodl.
Oh, always remember to zoom out... Fucking iota...
Thats compared to BTC.
No coin has been able to keep up in terms of SatoshiCheck out USD pairing
Buy now and HODL... you want to get into the GIOTA Club before membership fees sore to 2k