whats the consensus?
I'm 27, about 230k in debt from student loans (med school), have a 15k personal loan at 9% for relocation, and a 9k car promissory note I need to pay back.
Starting residency next year at 50k, will make 200k+ a few years from now.
Obv I want to pay off the personal loan and the car note fast, but should I hold back and make minimum payments on the student loans or go balls out when I can to get them away?
I want to start investing as soon as I can as well but what to know what you guys think.
I know the typical answer is "weight the expected returns vs the interest paid" but I'm looking for some more perspectives.
Don't go nuts paying down the student loans until you've exhausted any loan relief options that may be available to you.
There probably will be some gibs you will be eligible for while you're only making 50k as a resident depending on the type of student loan you have and the country you live in.
If you're in Canada, you can definitely get the government to foot the bill on some of that loan or at least get them to cover your interest accrued until you start making big boy doctor money.
Since you've got excellent prospects for income in future, don't take any big risks on investments yet unless you've got some cash squirreled away that you can afford to lose.
230k in debt, what the fuck?
4469633American med schools jack up tuition in the past ten years as much as all other institutions.
Basically they charge 2 grand more each year until people stop showing up I guess.
Docs who graduated in the early 2000's had under 40k.
but then again, docs who will graduate 5 or 10 years from now will be 400k.
Shit I live in Texas where it's cheap; niggas on the east coast already end up 400k in the hole.
All of that makes perfect sense.
Loan repayment options are a big part of my future financial picture.
and I guess you're right, not worth investing a grand or two now when I'm poor.
Personal experience here, my wife and I left school with 80k in student loan debt in 2008 from a state school with shit degrees.
The plan I went with to repay was basically get 10k in to our personal bank account to cover what is more or less large purchases over the year so we could drop a thousand dollars on something and not sweat it.
It's a good feeling to laugh at someone trying to finance you for a few thousand dollars.
Once that 10k was in place, I saved 25k in to a brokerage account to invest in my ETFs of choice.
After that, everything went in to my high interest student loans to get those out of the way.
Granted I could have made more money just driving that in to my brokerage account, but at the time 35k on hand felt like a lot and I wanted to get rid of that debt.
Now I'm at 34k in debt for both our student loans, 10k for a recent car purchase, and just bought a 170k house putting 10% down (which isn't ideal, but whatever, I like playing by ear).
Oh, and I dropped 5k into crypto around May and it's turned in 18k that hopefully I can cash out before it explodes in my face.
And 40k or so in my 401k that's my "oh fuck oh fuck oh fuck" fund if something bad happens.
I guess the point is to set some realistic targets for your asset allocation so you have enough in your personal account to cover random expensive stuff, and then focus on a plan.
There's nothing saying you have to avoid proper investments while you pay down debt.
Basically, you want to ask yourself if you could be making more money with that money instead of paying off that debt.
If so, make your minimum payments and get your money working for you.
If not, get out of debt.