who else is holding with dem iron hands
fuckin oath
How high did you buy?
7600 here, this will teach me to use a stop-loss every time from now on.
4479385lol u r iron hands become iron holding.
their beta version release in Q4 2018. that is fucking retard their ceo is touring all over the map with out single line of code in their repo.
u retards deserve to loose money.
i should have sold about 8 hrs ago, its tanked a bit, but so has every other coin.could have doubled my wallet
This coin will moon extremely hard
You fucked it all up Jeremy.
hopefully after the india visit
its going back up now 15% in the last minute
Honestly just bought more
I'm not even trying to day trade this shit even when I know it'll probably correct after a giant moon.
This is the one coin you SHOULD NOT day trade with, because one big moon mission and you're out, and it won't come back down.
There's no hype or speculation attached to this coin, it's the real deal and doesn't obey normal crypto rules.
I cashed out too much.
Oh well, I made my shekels.
I kinda feel like FOMOing.
Where will it be on Jan 1st?
Are there any suspect announcements coming up?
just the announcement about india or something like that
What's the india announcement?
Sold all but 7 on the pump this afternoon...
When to sell of last of it?
Sold at the bottom.
Fucking JUST
https://twitter.com/PowerLedger_io/status/932616278568853505
This is so fucking true.
Unfortunately I learnt this the hard way.
whatevs - go buy some Neo - obviously they're really doing amazing things right ...
It’s gonna go back down right?
I missed the buy in
it probably will, but desu anything under 1 is good to get into.
just be ready to hold
>Became the long-term bagholder of another coinH-heh, Funfair and Power Ledger will have their time next year... You'll see, we'll have the last laugh hahahaha...
What the fuck I was at a cafe today and normies were talking about this
this tether thing has scare the normies to dump.
Me.
I'm gonna ride this right in to the sea if I have to.
normiesnot everyone who isn't autistic or a neet is a normie
where abouts?
we don't want all the hipsters getting on board.australians are very weary of investing money into non physical things.
to me a normie is a blue pilled person
I have a buy order in for 3808.
I expect it will hit that mark around this time next week.
i bought in at $.53 because BTC was at $8070 and I don't think i't going to climb much higher tonight before it corrects.
call me crazy but I'm holding POWR until I make it to the moon... or until the Feds lock us all up in the Ritz Carlton
Does this coin have a roadmap at all?
Curious to see where this can go.
probably in tonite or tomorrow to be honest.its been rising and sitting on a few benchmarks the last few days.this dump was panic sell was caused by the whole tether thing, it's got people freaking out.
it's got people freaking out.I'm just playing around in the chaos, not how I envisioned spending my night honestly.
Gonna be fun to wake up with emotional peoples money
guess whatyoure the normie now
Maybe so, but it looks like it will hang out between 5k and 6k for a while.
You'll see spikes into the high 7k range, but it should slowly fall to that mid to low 3k range.
My guess is that this will be when the larger gain will happen.
I'd say top range of that one should be close to, if not slightly over, $1.00.
we will not sell!
linkies of november
im sitting ok, bought them about a week ago.
Not that anyone asked me, but I'd sell now, buy XEL, sell at 15%, buy back powr in the 4k zone if you'd like.
It's how you make that murney.
I went all in with literally everything I was holding lolI know its not much but I am a loyal POWRranger
Smart man, you'll have $4k from that $400 in a few weeks.
me too brother, me too
2018 $1 billion market cap
what are you talking about the microgrid beta testing is testing now Q4 2017 and early 2018.
The Q4 2018 is for autonomus asset management which i believe is to do with the first asset germination events in mid to late 2018.
Thats the thing coming after where you can buy solar and windfarms or batteries part ownership and get something similar to dividends.
BULL TRAP!
GTFO!
only fucking pajeets lose their minds over coins dipping .20 cents.
Moon mission hasn't even gotten to the launchpad.
target $1 billion market capI will not sell until target reached
all in?
450 aud could barley buy a bag with that you scrub
So far, no roadmap, is that what I am to believe?It doesn't look too good for POWR, a lot of bagholders here, with shills trying to trick others to buy their own.
Japanese whale here in group of others - need idea why this is going to pass a t least a dollar eoy
How fucking retarded are you... read the whitepaper and theres a roadmap on the website...
I swear the state of this board... stay poor forever
Insulting doesn't work when trying to convince people to buy your bags.
Well considering i only started with $70 three weeks ago, im pretty stoked.
not everyone has $10k+ portfolios, scrub
Telling someone to read a white paper is not convincing... retards can only help themselves
shut up faggot you can barley read english let alone charts you uneducated nigger.
Yes, I am the retard.
Enjoy your useless coin when it drops back to 10 cents +1
The image on the right is NEO, at the very start, back in May, way, way before the big mega-moon to follow.
The image on the right is POWR.It's my strong belief that NEO is a PnD coin and likely controlled by a Korean whale group with a know Twitter OG leading it, but still you this chart points to something.
Very risky due to the potential pump group control, but potentially Antshares 2.0 gains too.I'm only posting this chart one time.
Please do not share it outside of /biz/.Love,Lain
one of the most retarded things ive seen in a long , long time
Also, for NEO, from the dip where it touched the 76.4% fib retrace after passing through the cloud (happening tomorrow for POWR, if the pattern follows the same), that's 118% profit at the top of the 2nd wave.
Is it?
The same group that shilled NEO so hard is now shilling POWR on twitter.
The TA will likely play out the same way too when it hits the cloud.
4480437I dont understand what youre trying to say?
Are you saying powr is going to moon?
If yes, timeframe?
I holding lots of bags at 8k, i fucked up and waited too long for pbc only to get fucked hard
Here's a hint:The reason people are "shilling" Powr so hard is because there is plenty to shill.
It's actually an amazing fucking coin with a working product, government support, real partnerships with billion dollar energy companies, and has a top notch team behind it coming out of Oxford and other top universities.
Their co-founder is fucking mayor of the capital city of west Australia.These are things other coins lie and larp about.
There has NEVER been a coin as solid as Power Ledger.
Get that shit through your head and buy before $1 or you'll kill yourselves from regret.
Holding 2000.Just finished reading the whitepaper.This is teh future of electricity.
$10 by mid 2018.
$100 by 2019.
$10000 by 2020
hope so oniichan
why did i buy this nigger coin at 6800 only to see it go down to 6100 now you fucking nigger faggot fuck you
idk but this shit cracks me up
youll probably make it nigga, just cover your hands in iron
How could the price rise up that much when beside for speculation the only thing to drive up the price of POWR is individual households/businesses hooking themselves up to the Power Ledger.
Adoption couldn't possibly be that fast when they are just testing it out at present and will continue to be testing it for some time.
This is a legit make you fucking rich coin!!
bought a month back, watched it go up and felt comfy enough to sleep.
Still really comfy anon.
I think I'll hold a bittttt longer just for you guys.
Lol let me get this straight.
You think powr is going to have a 4 TRILLION dollar.
Marketcap in three years?
Can you please make the shilling more believable.
LOL dont listen to that guy, this is going to get to at least $250 aud in 3 to 5 years.
very worth buying and forgetting about
?
?What I replied to and what you said are entirely different.
I never said it was a bad project.
I think it's pretty solid.
I said it wouldn't be 10k per token.
I-iron fucking h-hands....
Hah!
Sucks to be you.
I bought in at 7550!
oh no your coupla' cents per token.day traders man.
set it 20% higher than you bought, and stop tracking price for few months.
Honest advice.
Don't give in to panic.
a few months?
This will go to a dollar in a few days.
It's becoming huge on reddit.
I bought few when it was high yesterday, planning to buy more if it goes under 0,0006 btc and hold it till late 2018
It won't.
I heard same "it'll go to $1 in 24h" yesterday.
It didn't.
I'm glad to see you started accepting reality, but you're still delusional to think it will any time soon.
Eventually, yes.
And that's in 3 months.
Wow you can more than double your money in ONLY 3 MONTHS without doing jack shit?Such a hard life.
This is one of the only companies in crypto that is an actual company.
BTFO if you can't tell it's promising.
weeks tops.
watch and learn kiddo
I have 60k powr and I haven't sold any.
I see future in it, but thinking it will go much higher after so much pump in such short time is ridiculous.
We'll see.
Lol, the massive amounts of shilling reminds me of Link.. Glad i i sold 1 houe before pbc release.
Will buy back in in 2-3 months after this coin had bled out and you fags post daily pinky wojaks
Lain[Present day][Present time] !HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA-
This looks interesting but someone really needs to do a TL;DR on how powr actually works, I'm still not quite grasping the concept.
Are you fucking retarded?
happened to me.
it had at 2500 and sold at 5000 :(
I love this coin.
got in at 3k sats and cashed out my initial investment at 8k.Yesterday I started swingtrading it between 6.5k and 7.5k and managed to increase my stack by 20%.
Gonna hodl now.
This has been my biggest crypto success so far.
HERE WE GOwho is PnDing??
@$.61
Good, let's shake out the pajeets I don't want them anywhere near power when it hits 500MM market cap.
1 Billion marketcap in a few weeks is a sure thing.
LOL FAGGOTS I SOLD 100 SATS UNDER THE ATH.
KEEP HODLING DELUDED POWRANGERS
Enjoy the bags you fkn retards
when is the next moon?
i would like to of sold yesterday but i was watching anime during its almost 9000 moon and couldnt soldim in since 3000 so good so far i guess
Moving from POWR hype is finished
It's rising again
You see that wick at the ath?
That's where I dumped.
Get wick'd
https://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/73zjv8/we_are_the_team_from_power_ledger_creators_of_the/Literally stole all their tech.Paid shills the only people their answer.
This team is a shitshow and will never be practical in australia or any country.>> lmao let me seel my enegery generated in Sydney to some cunt in Perth this is not how it works here.
Next moon will be in 12-48 hours likely.
People are starting to realize it's not complete bullshit and it's the best investment in the shitcoin game.
Get in when you can.
Positive sentiment is building, I love you.
4483030Exactly, this coin can't be stopped.It's not built on hype.
Everything about is the real fucking deal, partnerships, tech, team, everything.
Get the fuck in.
When there is very obvious shilling going on, at least a part of it has to be hype.
POWR is going to change the world.
Maybe it really is good but the fact that there's so many sales pitch like posts proves that a part of it is just about hype.
Get left on Earth, fag.
Don't buy powr, you're not welcome on the team.
Yes good project but overbought now by FOMO and hype, Will wait on pullback and buy my position , either way grats on who made bank on this :)
There's a local crypto meetup in Perth at the moment, one of the POWR people is here and might've got a little too drunk and admitted that they've got another partnership being announced soon, a power company in Thailand.Not posting this as it's own thread because no-POWR cucks don't deserve insider info
some pretty big buy orders 10btc+ coming in atm
 derp
sounds boring.
imagine a getting drunk talking about crypto, intensely mind numbing.
Can't you even read?You have absolutely no idea what I said so you make up something else.I've never said anything about it being bad or me not having any.
Jesus fuck what's wrong with you?
You just want to buy back in cheap, or you're invested in SLR or something, because you are a PBC pnd chasefaggot who got caught holding the bags.
Most of us are sitting comfy af in POWR, and won't be selling till lamboland.
just a friendly reminder that this project isn't going anywhere and the slow bleed is engaging.
i hope for /biz sake that this little circle jerk is only pajeets shilling to one another.
if you havn't sold you have missed.
you have been warned.
4484670I only invested in this garbage to get $50 in 5 minutes.
Feels good to dump on these fags
partnership in india just announced today.
Price already moving up.
Also kys.
hey there bought high sold low pissed retardPOWR is going for 1+ USD in no time
this goy gets itthis goy will get it
oh fuggg
oh you so smart you made $50
God no, why would I hold?
It is dropping to 5000 satoshis again minimum.I put my money back in the real MVP LINK.
Yep.
I think this will hit at least 5k soon before news comes out.
It might turn into another ever bleeding LINK.
I would get out now if you are a bag holder and rebuy at below 5k.Great project.
P&D killed the momentum, for now.
whats that wallet system you're using?
Wait until they announce the partnership with Thailand power tonight.