Us LINK hodlers are such fucking chads.
The way we put the FUDers out of commission is admirable.
bags keep getting heavier and heavier but I keep getting stronger and stronger.
if you want I will cary them
4257136lol
been looking to get into this coin ... good price right now?
couldn't agree more
4257090Only Delusional beta linktards could catch oneitis for a fucking coin that is barley above ICO price
Dogs bark and the caravan continues
how will nolinkers ever compete
fudded since ico bought yesterday, it's too easy
still holding your ripple bags?
What is the order book right now?
checked, 88 - 33 = 5555c this month cap this.
in yo head
Yeah, you respond to legitimate criticisms with r9k tier memes So Chad bro Fucking favela monkeys
rent>free
kek this is the same guy fudding LINK in every thread.
you can tell by how he likes using the word "favela".
homeless paying rent This is the third time I've used it, second time when talking link Theres no pajeets on 4chan just underage south Americans So I call shills favela monkeys.
Getting upset bro?
why dont you filter LINK threads instead buddy?
why do you care so much about people getting hyped for LINK?
Link is legit as fuck but you guys make it look like diarrhea shit.
problem?
Why do you shit post on 4chan bro
i just think its funny that a coin that's 2 months old is generating this much interest.
thanks for admitting that you're just shitposting.
these fudders are getting dumber and dumber.
The way you aren't buying nuls is pathetic tho.
cut your losses and recover with us real chads.so many of us hopped outta link and do not regret it one bit.
ONENOTHING WRONG WITH METWO NOTHING WRONG WITH METHREE NOTHING WRONG WITH MEFOUR NOTHING WRONG WITH MEEEE
the interest only exists in one place anon.
here.
Funny how people are talking about a coin that was shilled like mad on biz
In a house on a cliff over the water atm feelsgoodmanBought ripple at 18c then sold at 26c now out of that shitcoin forever.
Have fun with your bags you deluded moron and remember buy high sell low
In a house on a cliff over the water atm feelsgoodmanur parents house>Bought ripple at 18c then sold at 26c now out of that shitcoin forever.
Have fun with your bags you deluded moron and remember buy high sell lowgrats on making 200 bux
REEEEEEEEE!
NORMIE GET OUT, YOU DIDN'T EARN IT!
unironically getting yoked
Checked
Here *taps head*