buy low sell high
knees weak, bags are heavy
BlockMason already beating req in daily volume, its over
Be patient faggots.
Accumulating more every dip.
Buy it now easy profit when the release comes next month
Testnet with bitcoin oracle incoming
I got about 2btc worth of request too, just because if the mainnet looks good it should be an easy ground floor 10x.
No reason not to have 30 percent of your portfolio accumulating this for the next few weeks, spend the rest trading.
But don't put all in request right now, if request flops ull lose a little, another 20 percent probably, and it's better to spend that time trying to build on other assets.
put the rest in request after it reaches its first 2x while its gearing up for parabolic movement.
these faggot don't understand cryptos and are not hyping their own coin.they can easily tweet a picture of them in front of ING direct building and the price would shoot up like OMG.
This guy gets it.
Gotta be patient.
+1x every .04 aint a bad deal.
Plus this is a very young coin.
Once news starts dropping then the rally begins.
REQ is the sleeping giant.
It has the best roadmap in the next 3-4 months.Enter now or get left behind.
Shit is going to go utterly bananas when they release their beta and APIs for companies to test, then when it goes live in Q1 2018.
Fuck biz don't tell those guys to buy it.
It's better if everybody sells.
I ain't here to share wealth
buy low sell highwhat did he mean by this?
No one cares about this shitcoin anymore.
It's dead, just like DNT.
You got fucked, get over it.
you've got it backwards OP
One month old coin and it's already over.. Jesus crypto is full of fuking idiots.
So about what price potential do we speak, when i buy this shitcoin right now?
month in crypto = 1 year If those fucks dont deliver by the end of the year we dead
Seriously a shit coin.
Avoid at all cost and sell if you still hold.
Don't be deluded by biz
$.5-$1 by end of Q1 2018
OMG is dead.
Confirmed
Why waste your time and money, investing in this shitcoin.
Put your money into Monero, Ark or Tio: 
fuck my order at 0.00012 eth didnt fill..
still has to moon, this is going sky high.
Such a great time to buy its almost at an all time low.
They dont need to do that they will rather wait until the product is released.
We dont want a crash like OMG had after its $13 high.
Low quality pajeet shilling, pathetic
Buy low, sell lower.
DROP THIS SHIT AND BUY MONERO NOW!!
that confy feel when you know this is the bottom.1k sats is still the bottom.
Anything below 1K sats is the absolute bottom!
When do we see 0,5$ per REQ?
I'm guessing somewhere Q2 or Q3 next year.it really depends on their releases.
You'll see 0.2 after testnet release and bitcoin oracle PoC before EOY
bittrex listing announcement on Friday.
those with insider info have begun accumulating.
you heard it here first
Then this board is full of Power Rangers and Requesters