I've grown to really hate Bitcoin.
It's become of my most hated cryptos.
I just don't understand why the FUCK Bitcoin is even around, given that it's just plain terrible.
It's slow as fuck, its transaction fees are terrible, and it drags down the entire market every fucking time.
For two months I've been stomaching this forking bullshit, and now when the Bitcoin transactions are still clogged, and its technology is terribly outdated, NOW it moons again?
This is so pathetic it makes me want to quit crypto altogether.
It literally makes no sense other than muh Bitcoin name recognition.And the worst part is seeing those faggots on r/bitcoin post their cancerous memes and "u HODL'ing bro???"
posts.
If it wasn't bad enough, the entire reddit culture around Bitcoin is enough to make you want to throw up.Seriously, I hate this dinosaur coin.
It offers nothing other than "storing value" which I can do with a slab of gold.
Can't buy shit with it, can't use it functionally, can't even move my money around at normal speeds.
Why not just use Paypal then?
Fuck you Bitcoin.
People will eventually realize
No they won't until years because normie boomers are fucking retarded
My cynicism is leading me to think that they won't.
The fact that Square just picked it up means that this faggotry will continue for a long time
BIG FAT BUBBLE
Yeah no way it shouldn't have crashed to 5k or less durring the weekend some definite manipulation of this faggot coin propped up by banks cb alone happening
Cry me a river gayboy OP, Bitcoin is king and will always be the king.
It doesn't change the fact that bitcoin is unusable as currency.
wort part every normie baby boomer and their mothers who made an account on coinbase and bought some bitcoin just so they can brag to their friends that they are all savvy crypto investors now are larping so hard rn while btc goes up and alts they have never even heard of that are 10x better than btc are tanking hard
Can you explain to me a valid reason as to why Bitcoin is king?
What the FUCK does it offer other than you own some and the value keeps going up for no fucking reason?
always = 2 weeks max
You're dead right.jews pumping it in order to counteract this effect.don't realise they're shooting themselves in the head.comfy.
BTC is the brand now and Wall Street won't let it fail.
They want BTC to succeed to have a One World Currency.
Don't you people see this.
LN will centralize it and then the actual Whales will co op it.
The best investment is BTC.
Being a shitcoin in terms of tech doesn't FUCKING MATTER.
slow as fuck, its transaction fees are terriblefast enough for purposes cryptos are made.
transaction fees are super cheap compared to fiat,, thats why people are starting to buy properties using btc.
btc is desentralized and has infra + large market cap thus it is the best crypto like always will be.
they might even improve btc speed at some point but it's good already
Its used by gooks to hide money from authorities.
Theres probably billions of black market money waiting to go into Bitcoin everday.
I hope someones crashes all the nodes with a virus and it goes up in flames.
Stop saying it's super cheap when I can use Paypal to do the same fucking thing for literally 0 fees.
this thread is now about betting on OPs holdings in BCHtell the truth OP.Ill go with 5k USD
I don't own any BCH actually.
Mostly Eth
#1 it has existed for almost a decade#2 it has faced multiple crashes and hacks YET IT ALWAYS RECOVERS#3 it has brand recognition, and normie exposure.You have had every chance to see that betting against BTC is stupid and yet you do and then bitch about it later.
Paypal has chargebacks, and requires a bank account dipshit.
The point of bitcoin is being able to send money independently to anyone in the world with only a smartphone or computer.
If you're sending money from your bank, there are no fees.
And I can send Paypal with my smartphone too, it's 2017 dumbass
>b-but muh tech!Tech doesn't even fucking matter faggot, not for the coming yearsPeople see BITCOIN on the news and they want BITCOIN, not faggotroneureum or goldcashscamlinks
BTC is and never was about the technical aspects you retarded fedoralordsAre you gonna make a post about why previous metals shouldn't be traded?
stupid niggers
11$ >super cheapPick oneSeriously at some point it will become more expensive than western union.
Go find a random guy on the street, preferably in front of a Starbucks.
Ask him about BTC.
Probably a 50/50 that he knows about BTC.
Then explain all the technical mumbo jumbo that you just threw at this thread justifying why BTC should be crashing.
He won't know a god damn thing.
Why?
Because nobody -- 90% of people who buy crypto -- gives a flying fuck about those things
For all of you whining about BTC, what is your net worth?
It seems you're trying to get rich using alts and are too poor to actually invest in BTC itself.
Bitfinex is pumping BTC again.This market is heavily manipulated by big players, you should know that by now.>store of value>digital goldIt's not a bug - it's a feature!kek
BTC will one day be replaced by a superior alternative that actually does what BTC was originally proposed to do, but it's probably a long way offEventually PoW will die out

Everyone who has ever bet against BTC has been wrong.
Idk why people love to bitch about how they hate Bitcoin.
Stop bitching and make money.
It isn't that hard.Fedoras on this board would rather stay ideologically pure than make fucking money.
Who cares if BTC is rising because of name recognition, Wall Street, normies or a thousand other things besides having the best tech?
The only question you need to ask yourself is if you think its going to continue to increase in value.
If the answer is yes, buy or hodl.
Fuck your feels, OP.
tech doesn't matter>not aware in scope for kill shotk
longest proven track record (thus most proven security), larger network, most active development communitycry about it
BTC isn't going to death spiral and your shit one changed line of code hardfork is barely better than BTC
Bitcoin is resistant to forex cucks.Forex trading is the domain of the bottom feeders of the business world.
most active dev communityLol what is that, r/bitcoin posting memes and core doing nothing?
hey dude, have you heard about bitcoin?>you mean that computer money thats making nerds rich, right?>Sure.
Would you be interested in buying some?>But what can I do with it?>For only 10$ you can send it to anyone online within 10 hours!>uh that seems expensive desu>Well you can also buy litecoin and send it for free in 10 minutes>I'll take the second one.
HAHA CASHIES BTFO.
ALL YOU HAD TO DO WAS KNEEL BEFORE THE KING YOU FUCKING FAGGOT
this.
its just annoying and holding us back
Give it time.
Bitcoin WILL permanently unfuck your shit.
https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin>last commit 4 hours agoidiot
It will die eventually when a serious competitor comes along
Betting against the Jew in the money arena is always a bad play.
Nobody actually cares about performing transactions with BTC.
They use it to speculate and hold some of their capital.Why can't you fucking stupid basement dwellers understand this?
Well alts have been way better to keep your capital in ytd and they function!So fuck you poorfag
In order to "hold" you must make transactions even if rarely.Chain death *permanently locks* the blockchain.
Your BTC is effectively like gold in a vault in the core of the sun for all the accessibility you have, either in or out of it.
Get in now, enjoy the gains but always keep an eye out.
Just like we saw the Chinese mining groups pump up BCH, banking elite will surge BTC well above 10k maybe even 15k.
They will set up a massive artificial crash, and then pass every law they want against crypto.
Watch yourselves.
Why do you hate dial up tier crypto?
It took many years to change to cable and broadband and now it might take another decade for fiber wiring
) Bitcoin IS crypto.2) Congrats on the BCH bags
do your part to free the world and sell your bilderburg core cointhe nwo hates competition
1) Bitcoin IS crypto.> Betamax IS home video
More millennials know about beta-max from Cowboy Bebop than know what a VHS is.
Checkmate, cashie.
To normies, Bitcoin is crypto like Bandaids are adhesive bandages.
The Big Bang show is making an episode on Bitcoin, not Cryptocurrency.
Bitcoin is the first crypto currency; That alone gives it more value than 95% of crypto currencies.
if you havent converted 100% of your altcoin trash to bitcoin at this point there is no reason for you not to kill yourself RIGHT NOWi mean really BTC has proven itself an invincible god titan and you still havent joined it.
just end your pitiful existence already
I just don't understand why the FUCK Bitcoin is even around, given that it's just plain terribleTwo reasons, which are really one:>First mover advantage, name recognition, and network effect is huge>Early Bitcoin whales have gotten insanely rich; they use their funds to maintain Bitcoin's dominance (FUD/troll campaigns, DDoS, etc)
ITT: Children who missed the boat, and don't have enough money to realise gains due to market cap.Enjoy being bitter.
it’s old therefore it’s bad!literal spoiled millennial mindset.
i’m sure you worked hard for everything you have.
This generation of newfags is the worst yet.
You bought into crypto without even slightly understanding how it works and why it's so great.Absolutely disgusting.
Kys please.
>average transaction fee is now $15.
No altcoin has brung anything to the table that ttruly improves on bitcoin.
It's all buzzwords tacked on to bitcoin to fleece redditors.
That's the reason btc is still king.
transaction fees are super cheap compared to fiatMaybe if you want to send money from Cuba to Zimbabwe.
Bank wire transfers inside the EU are free.
Try buying BTC without a bank account.
Local bitcoins is great if you enjoy paying a 20% premium over current price.
Anon is right PayPal kicks Bitcoin ass in every way possible.
BTC is worthless
store of value you dumb fucking nigger cuck
op is a fag, what a surprise
Monero crushes Bitcoin.
It's everything Bitcoin was supposed to be
Paypal has chargebacks>btc tooHow the fuck do you figure that?
Send me some bitcoin, then you can go ahead and charge me back.
Spoken like a true nigger who has never received large amounts of money via paypal.
Do you have any idea how they exist?
Someone is paying them a fee there big guy, and it's not small...
Market manipulation.
They said BCH manipulated lol .
It offers nothing other than "storing value" which I can do with a slab of gold.Then do it better with your slab of gold faggot
R/bitcoin has been absolutely unbearable for the last 2 years.
The truth is this.
Bitcoin used to be better without full blocks, segwit or RBF.
The development has gone the wrong way
Lmao1.BCH should be held as a hedge2.Even if BTC moons BCH will probably still perform better over the next year in % change3.
You can actually use it