I will give 50 k LINKs to whoever successfully gets me an asian girlfriend.
And i dont just mean one date.
Its going to be like this:1st base - 10 k LINK rewarded2nd base - 15 k LINK rewarded3rd base - 25 k LINK rewardedYes, im the guy from the last thread who promised to give 500 links.
WELL, turns out she didnt understand me and already had a boyfriend.
So that didnt count!Im not fucking around.
Ive been looking for an asian girlfriend for 3 years now, and if i go my whole college life without having sex with an azn girl
k link is like ~$7500 just sell it and go fuck some grade-A asian escorts a bunch of times
1k link will be able to buy this womyn next year.
Hold.
This desu
4442543im well aware i can afford escorts and mail order brides.
Its just.
its not the same thing as getting a girl to like you genuinely
Just send some link to 0x1537d623CD314D5039a4ee2fE22dd24C897f4645 and all your dreams will come true!
deludednotice there's zero hype for link anymore?
it was an actual scam.
you were scammed and tricked.
Also, i dont think youre trying very hard Its easy to get a solid 8/10 chinese or vietnamese mail order bride because they are desperate af to come to americaIf you have this much money, i highly suggest you look into it0x037dc57fba207f777219e8b6451f83a730aa0ade1k link pls
iktfblove has no price
you're probably trolling like 99.9% of these "help me biz!"
type threads but I mean if you want an actual girlfriend you need to work on yourself and build your confidence and self-respect and it will lead to getting girls without having to obsess over it.If you're actually sexless you probably have some issues whether it's severe lack of confidence or body image issues or social anxiety, or whatever else.
You need to find ways to get over these problems by actually addressing them.
If you have body image issues, fix them, go to the gym, get acne medicine, get a better haircut or better clothes, whatever.
If it's crippling social anxiety go see a therapist and get medication, if it's not so crippling then try to beat it yourself by just trying to engage in more small talk with people (guys or girls) preferably outside of your comfort zone, so talk to people that don't necessarily fall into your type of social circle as well.
Also take up new hobbies or learn new things so that you can experience some successes, it feels good to learn and become competent at something new, it can be outdoor activities, learning a foreign language, learning to program, taking up photography, a million different things.
Also if you do have an obsession with asian women specifically, don't ever tell them that.
Most asian girls don't want to hear about your yellow fever, just treat them like you'd treat a white woman.
Like if you were to compliment an asian girl, "you're sexy!
", that's fine, but don't say "you're a sexy asian!"
or in any way indicate that your attraction is related to her race, it's off-putting to many of them - it's fine to think it, but keep it in your own mind.Good luck man
well, if i have around 7 million dollars.
I could just buy one and rent an apartment for her while im at college without my parents knowing.
might look into ityeah, but dating counselors do have a price.
Isnt there some form a therapists that specialize in finding a girlfriend?
Or will therapists help find me one anyway?
I keep bugging my discord friends.
but im so desperate, i would actually pay for a professional chad at this pointi accidentally cut my hair too short.
so i need to let it grow out and i already go to the gym.
Im generally afraid to talk to girls.
but i do have friends irl thankfully.
but no social circle with females at all.
my hobby is drawing, japanese and manga,i wont tell them.
ya i mean fear of talking to girls is sort of normal when you lack experience, more so if you've lived the life of a nerd or whatever and haven't really even been in the proximity of many women.
It's one of those things that just takes courage and practice.Have you ever tried learning something new, say your drawing for example, and you're really bad at first?
It can be frustrating, but you persist and keep at it, and eventually over months or years you get better and better and with that you feel some pride and confidence?
It's the exact same with socializing and talking to women.
You'll feel like a scared, stupid, loser at first, especially if it doesn't go well and she laughs in your face because she either doesn't like the look of you or you come across as weak/unconfident, or stumble on your words.
But eventually you get better at it, you speak more self-assuredly, more powerfully, you learn to laugh and take it in stride if a girl rejects you because you know there are countless more women out there for you to approach.Also don't obsess over the act of finding/having a girlfriend.
Like I said if you focus on bettering yourself and improving, the girlfriend will just happen.
If you're too obsessed>must have a girlfriend>must have a girlfriend>must have a girlfriendyou'll come across like some mentally unstable weirdo most likely to the vast majority of women.
You'll probably also demonstrate super clingy tendencies (since you want to keep a girl if you get one) which will end up repelling them immediately.
Personally I'm not much into japanese/manga so I don't know if that will hurt or help your hunt for an asian girlfriend.
My initial inclination is that it won't help much and probably narrow your potentials, but I could be wrong.
If you want a typical, regular girl then it helps to have some typical, regular, mainstream interests/hobbies as well.
Depends what you're looking for exactly I guess.
i asked out three girls.
all dumped on 1st date.
now there are no more asian girls left.
This thread gave me cancer
4442732Why does it have to be Asian?
Imagine here is offspring, would you like to be the father to an Elliott rodger or a Kelly Balthazar?If you are Asian, it makes sense to get an Asian gf, otoh.
well if you were able to actually get them to go on a date in the first place that's actually really impressive.
Many guys out there are so nervous/awkward they can't even get that far.Figure out why you were dumped, try to think back if you did or said anything super weird that offended or scared them or made them think there was something wrong with you or that you weren't compatible.
There's going to be more than 3 asian girls in your area, look online, find new places to hang out.
Look.
white girls just hate me okay.
none of them are available.
I know its wrong to generalize, but white girls really are all normies who party 24/7.
they only want chad or to be blacked.only one of them count as date.
the other two did not know it was a date or that i was asking them out.
the first one dumped me because i was too touchy on firsy date, and i texted to much.>three more asian girlsi hope.
i hope.
I l already went through the avaliable ones in japanese class and this club i used to go to.
It's easy as fuck, considering you're pretty rich i'll let you in on a secret.If you're white then just go to Bangkok.
Thai girls will be all over your cock.
Don't even need a pretty face, being white is all they want.
So just book a ticket.i'll list my adress may it benefit you.
I'm a hapa.
Don't do this to your child.
I was lucky that my mother and father weren't total cuntheads but everyone around me always rides on the 'are you chinese?
ching chong small dick xd' wave.
but i can only stay over the summer.
I guess i would have to meet one, get her to marry me, and live in apartment near college.if you were my son, i'd tell you to stop being a bitch and go learn a skill.
But I already have skills.
okay, well ya there you go, the touching and excessive texting, she probably thought you were clingy as fuck, and most other women will too.
Just have to be strong-willed and resist the urge to do that kind of shit.
If she legitimately likes you, she won't run away, in fact she'll be the one texting you back to begin with, so no need to spam them.
Just go out on a normal date, don't grope them, get to know each other, talk about interests, see if there's chemistry.
If it goes reasonably well (try to be objective rather than hopeful) then send either tell her as you part ways, or text her (one time only) something like, "I had a nice time tonight.
hmu if you want to go out again sometime soon", or "I had a nice time tonight, I'd like to see you again, are you free on X date?"
(leave at least one day gap in between like if you see her on Saturday don't ask to see her again on Sunday, it makes you look clingy in the beginning)In either case, after you say/text those things once, don't text her again.
The ball is 100% in her court.
Yes she saw your text, don't wonder if she didn't, all girls read their texts.
If she never answers (within ~24 hours) it's not because she didn't see the text or forgot about it or anything else, it's because she's not interested, so no point in spamming.
They're probably willing immigrate to other countries though.
A buddy of mine has a Thai girlfriend, or well...He is almost married to her, it just clicks for him.
Anyhoo, that girl went after her visit here in europe to Finland too just to actually be at the wedding of another girlfriend of her.
4442465On top of that, you can take them out to actual dinner and they'll be blown away, most thai girls are used to be taken out for street food.May this ever benefit you : 0x8617ce46af0245a5d6597185ac886a261601e1b3I always accept Linkle tips.
I'm white and married to an asian woman.Your best bet is to look online.
SEA girls, especially flip or thai will go crazy for you as long as you're white and can offer a green card or citizenship.Try Okcupid or even Plentyoffish.me in the back.0x57153Ad023ed0127Bf60df70AaC68644F5427DE5