Bancor moon when?
Disgusting
Abhorrent jew inbred genetics.
Gee whiz I wonder why their project was a sham, never would've expected that from jews.
After all your shekels have been taken
pretty funny that this fucking ICO almost made the ETH network collapse because so many idiots were tossing ether at them
4256742She's hot, you /pol/fucks.
Enjoy your fat bitches
4256742Homosexuals detected.
4256742just lol at not wanting to hatefuck her while choking her and then covering her jew nose with ropes of cum
I would bet a lot of money on most girls rating you a 5/10 or lower.
Would you bet any Bancor though?
the lizard in her shows through her bulging eyes
I never owned any.
I tried to get into the ICO for a quick flip but ETH was too clogged.
None of you are smart enough to know what BNT Bancor does.
caring about women's opinions
4256798It's called having standards.
you faggot I obviously care more about what a girl thinks of my appearance than another man
4256742she's actually kinda cute.
caring about men's opinions of your appearanceAre you gay, son?
that's pretty much the exact opposite of what i said
Too smart to moon
care more
Fuck that kike scamcoin
go clean your shithole room, Skyler
Im so hard for her
Say it with meUN
Jewish coins don't moon.
You think they will really let you get rich?
They raised their cap at the last minute, to absorb all the demand.
S T O P
they aren't supposed to know yet
Never.
Bancor haven't released anything since ico and won't be linked to every ERC20 by end of year.
This  is fake and Draper isn't alluding to Bancor in his latest Forbes article.
>every alt is in the green today>except bancorThis is what I get for trusting a Jew.
Literal jew scam that is going to zero>biz: moon when?
>you will NEVER get to sniff galia's armpits>not even once
I get your irony, senpai.
But I'm done accumulating so these faggots can buy now idc desu
Red jewish eyes
She's ok bob saget
Instead of Bancor pump enjincoin, another bancor coin :)
Unshtuppable
Sigh I was one of those idiots.
Will Hitler ever forgive me?
soon.tmalso, i would like to sperm inside
A B L E
Of course he would.
He knows we were only doing it to outjew the jews.
┊┊┊┊┊╭╭╭╮╮╮┊┊┊┊ ┊┊┊┊┊╰╰╲╱╯╯┊┊┊┊ ┊┏╮╭┓╭━━━━━━╮┊┊ ┊╰╮╭╯┃┈┈┈┈┈┈┃┊┊ ┊┊┃╰━╯┈┈╰╯┈┈┃┊┊ ┊┊┃┈┈┈┈┈┈┈╰━┫┊┊ ╲╱╲╱╲╱╲╱╲╱╲╱╲╱╲
if you could short bnt it would be the biggest bull market ever seen
 roastiecoin
SHUT UP
Bancor is unstoppable