Once people realize that it's not practical for everyday transactions, it will crash to sub-1000.
shill nye the actor guy?KYS OP.
LIGHTNING NETWORK YOU DUMB NIGGER
this happened to gold, gold is at 0 now
You will immediately cease and not continue to access the site if you are under the age of 18.
Gold didn't have the same hype as Bitcoin.
blockstream owns the patents and will use centralized hubs that will charge subscription fees
trying to shit post disguised as reasoned argument>>uses Bill Nye, the un-educated "fluid genders" guy
if it's not a reasoned argument, why don't you go ahead and refute it
>Once people realize that it's not practical for everyday transactionsPeople already know this?Also try telling the japanese thathttps://www.cryptocoinsnews.com/bitcoin-adoption-drastically-increases-in-japan-despite-recent-hard-fork/
It's appropriate you used Bill Nye for this message - he's a shill fuck who pretends to be a scientist.Piss off
California gold rush
Long term store of value.You and those bags that you're holding should fuck off.
you are a dumb nigger!
those are defensive patents.
Lightning is open-source.
Anyone can become a LN hub.
It's actually encouraged.
It's another way for full nodes to make some money while they help the network scale in an orders of magnitude.
even your retarded faggot ass can run one lets see how much data you can pack in your shitcoinTrash.
1MB == 7 tx per second.
10MB == 70 tx persecnds.
shitcoinGash's 8MB == a whopping 56 TX a second.
LN == thousands, even hundreds of thousands tx per second.why are you such a faggot?
is that shit really patented?
lightning sounds no better than banks, might as well use paypal instead
A gold coin is now roughly worth the same as one Bitcoin (cash).Really makes you wonder.
Yes, and the value of gold has declined since the gold rush.http://onlygold.com/Info/Historical-Gold-Prices.aspIn 1850s, it was $20.
Adjusted for inflation, that's $580.
Nowadays it's worth $387.
Additionally, nobody was actually convinced that gold could be used in place of fiat in a practical sense, so it's not really comparable to bitcoin.
hey look!
another dumb faggot who has no idea what LN is!
literally kys
The people driving the price of BTC up to near-$8000 aren't the patient investors.
They're people jumping on a hype train.
4418661
Release date for LN is 2000 and never.
Fucking vaporware.
sidechains != Lightning network you dumb retarded nigger queer jew!
you are mixing techs.
you should go watch the price is right!
this is too advanced for your little faggot mind.
there was a cross atomic swap between LTC and BTC on testnet literally yesterday you faggot ass cum rag.
whats next?
To be fair, you need to have a VERY high IQ to understand the Lightning Network.
Do people still not know you can buy gyft cards instantly and shop at Walmart with them?
and wait 50 days for the transaction to process, and pay $90 in transaction fees
you need to understand: >CHECKSEQUENCEVERIFY>Multi>Hashed Timelock Contractsif you don't know what those are, then you should STFU ABOUT lightning.
dragons den niggershill just go hang yourself
great reply you dumb faggot.
remain poor.
or buy shitcash.
retard.
We already realize this for years.
Luckily tgere is something called USD that already does this.
USD is not anonymous and is a centralized currency.
Cryptocurrencies satisfy this need.
Shill Nye the Gender Theory Guy
Speak for yourself you nigger
I'm an expat and my dad works for the Bitcoin Company here in China.
Lately I keep overhearing things from the Chinese millennials working here maintaining the rigs, they keep talking about "fattening the pig".
When they notice me they quickly change the subject to ordinary things.
It's very odd.
xD you sure showed him!!!
the mind of a corecuck
buy xmrOK, whatever you say, boss
yes, buy xmr
are you putting on weight anon?
Gender studies major spotted
film/video production major
once people realizeThis has been common knowledge since day one.
Plenty of people know it.
Not the people who are driving it up to $8000.
I pity anyone who's boarding the train just now.
so much salt for nocoiner faggots.
Textbook shillshit
 Once people realise gold bullion isn't suitable for everday transactions it will lose all value faggotsLearnt this in my /biz MBA
People never thought it was suitable in the first place, that's the difference.
BCH pump is over, just cashed out.
Juicy gains.
Seeya bagholders
4419798No one thought gold was a suitable token of everyday currency?
Ever?Are you another fucking retarded basement dwelling neckbeard with no idea of whats gone on before your father split a condom, accidentally got your genetically flawed 'mother' pregnant and was too embarrassed to admit their failing, too cuck'd to realise drowning you at birth would've been a kindness?
No one thought gold was a suitable token of everyday currency?
Ever?nice strawman, asshole
BCH is king
I think BCH can implement Graphene.
They have 5 different development teams all heavily invested in BCH and want it to succeed.
They're not like Blockstream either being slow and shit with everything.
Also mining BCH is a lot more profitable than BTC, and right now the exchange rate for 1 BCH is really good.
I would be surprised if BCH doesn't read .5 soon and some day doesn't surpass BTC.
They don't need graphene atm, and it will only be necessary if the cashening actually occurs.
Graphene will not be practical before the need for a huge number of transaction arises.That being said, it can probably produce a pump in price which is always welcome.
If BCH implemented Graphene, it's over.
I would pour in all my money that has ever existed and only just use BCH for transactions and every day things.
Good bye fiat forever.
lmao real life isn't your Dungeons and Dragons campaign.
People NEVER actually traded hand to hand with gold for every day purchases.
Store of value.
Transaction speed and small comissions are no problem, they dont play big role.
As long as you can store fiat and transfer it to whatever fiat currency wherever the world it's perfect.
You have zero trust to other cryptos where to park big money than btcMuch better than physical gold
Transaction speed and small comissions are no problem, they dont play big role.
As long as you can store fiat and transfer it to whatever fiat currency wherever the world it's perfectSpeed is very important.
If you're buying something, the merchant cannot know whether or not to give you the product.Commissions are also very important.
It means that the mere fact of using cryptocurrency has a price.
And if that price is too big, it would be impractical to make small purchases, which an ideal currency should be able to do.
Bank wealth is partially based on how much gold they have.
What's your point?