how
Don't be so salty and enjoy the ride.
ecommerce was just holding it back
It has the advantage of being the first kid on the block(chain)

most desirable asset in human history is also one of the easiest for average person to participate in and buy.
really makes me think
4473507Somebody please make a shop of those two graphs laying one over the another

scam or not that would be expected
holy shit.
that's closer than I thought it would be.
Personally I don't think it's fraudulent.
Armchair theory is that they're releasing tether simply because more people are using it.
If you look back to the old run on the left side, you see the same pattern - higher btc price, more tether.
Them being so close is a good thing IMO.
4473729Look at the dates on the x axis you absolute dinguses
Actually nevermind about the prior pattern.
I may have goofed the shop and included a 2 ghost btc charts
4473556aren't new tethers being created whenever someone deposits fiat into bitfinex?
I don't doubt that these fucking chinks are manipulating it, but most of these tethers are probably just organic buy orders from people getting into btc
44735564473711learn what an s-curve is
Jews
Images were not the same size, so I lined them up using the volume indicator.That's what I think
Crypto market grows>Tether grows as wellNO WAYYYYYYYYYY.
yes.
someone sold early and is buttmad so now they think it's all a scam.
it's going to be hilarious watching these tards stay mad for a while
 Tethers
Noob here, should I invest in BTC?
I tried to get a better overlay but can't because the timeframes are different.
Tether came after bitcoin.
So that's as good as it gets
sorry goy i just woke up, not seeing it yet should have had my coffee first
4473720It's not even scaled the same on the x axis you retatds
try and do better.
You can make a YTD overlay perfectly but an all-time overlay will always have different axes because bitcoin has existed longer than tether.
try and do better.I'm not interested in memeing nonexistent correlations
Apparently there is something called Tether.
yeah but the bitcoin spike started when tether spikedwhich is both in may
Oh look another retarded conspiracy theorost
x and y occurred around the same time therefore x caused y
yfw you realize the only way this graph would make sense is if btc eventually reaches $500kreally makes you think...
rare skelly