>Openly admits to pumping and dumping Pink Coin this year with a good buddy of his>raked in tons of money while fucking over unaware investors who probably believed in the project>Brags about 10,000 returns in crypto in slack>Now manages ODN, another low market cap coin which crashed and has not since recoveredThis guy is a fucking snake.
I don't trust him for a second.
1/2
2/2
4242761>Still taking out of context screenshots>Still lurking in the ODN slackyou're pathetic bro
waiting for the pump
What's out of context about it?
He is literally admitting to pumping and dumping a coin and is a large stakeholder on a coin, which of many people are heavily invested in.He has nothing to lose at this point, even if ODN flops he makes off like a bandit
And more importantly what the fuck does he do around here now that ODN has a partnership with an investment company?
He is clearly chasing a check
He never said such a thing.
He said he and his friend chose to invest in that coin.
You're making shit up as usual.
Why do you continue to stalk the ODN chat and fud it?
Get a life.
It already tanked.
I'm jelly because I don't have those contacts
"chose to invest" is not the same as throwing a ton of money at it with the expectations of naive buyers fueling it.
He even said we expected 100% at best, but it hit 500% and we cashed out.Stay delusional
PLUS THIS
BTW the app release has been postponed until late January.
Lack of transparency and expectations = fucked.
To think some people bought this shit at 15-20k sats when they could have even bought chainlink for better odds
Do you have irrefutable proof of these claims?
Do you have proof that he collaborated with someone that pumped the coin with huge amounts of money with the intended of luring naive buyers?
Sorry but the evidence provided is not enough.
You'll need more evidence to present a solid case.Stay salty
evidence that the app release was postponed please
Complaining about lack of transparency when they admitted to a late releaselol, delusional
Bro are you blind?
he gives the date of april 16th 2017 and says "just the two of us".
Past behavior doesn't always dictate future behavior, but its a fucking unregulated market and he has a track record of abandoning coins.
Holy shit you are brainwashed lol

says "just the two of us".
Yep, more evidence that points that its just him and a trader friend, as he states.
One person can affect the market yes, but that one person needs to have alot of money to throw around if they want to pump it.
Not enough evidence, you need more, otherwise this is all just speculation at best.
Abandoning coins has nothing to do with being a pump and dumperStay salty
Shut the fuck up.
Based on the evidence given, anyone with a brain can see they pumped it.
You're dulisional or damage control
2 people pump a coin>Implying that is not possible with each person having a significant amount of money they are willing to lose in order to make substantial profit>coordinated effort to cash out on others' expense>Implying he has your best interest in mindLelEverythingisfine.jpg
Just admit it op, u bought high and sold low.
Dont get so assblasted about it.
who cares if they made money on a shit coin?
as if anyone here would have done anything different?
lol
4242959stfu faggots, the no life fudders are back kek.
Playtime with mommy and daddy is over so they go back to stalking the ODN chat and take out of context screensNot enough evidence of pumping it.
This is just all speculationThe real question is, why are you fudding a 6 mil marketcap coin that already tanked?
Why do you even care?
Fags
Im an ICO holder.
Not even a fucking working block explorer yet, its a joke really
Sage territory now
there's a big difference in making money on a shit coin and being the lead for a coin that you are potentially fucking over people on a slow, painful ride.
mhs isn't a member of the team, lmao.
i just asked him in slack and he said he doesn't know if it's delayed or not.
keep up the FUD, bro.
Still provides no definitive evidence>Still is just speculatingHEY BUDDY WHERE IS THE SEC INVESTIGATION YOU PROMISED?REMEMBER THAT?AHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAAHAHStill fudding this coin, its ranked 286, it has a 6 mil marketcap, who the fuck gives a shit at this point anyway
Clearly you don't because you are either not invested or just that dumb enough to see all of the holes in this story
It's okay little Timmy.
Playtime is over now.
It's time to run back to mommy.
Blackstone literally confirmed it himself.
Then he pretends to be stupid and doesn't answer legitimate questions.
Lol, fuck you are brainwashed too.
more out of context screen grabs
How's that for context?
Gets banned for asking why theres a huge delay in the project.
And I know for a fact the app was released was promised in dec but you cant scroll back that far.
Where's the huge delay?
They're doing weekly testing in december followed by a full app release in january?
4243106It is relevant though it's /biz/ related if you think about how scummy this place is anyways.
Blackstone was raving about a full app release in December.
What's stopping him from pushing the full app release past January?
Do you really want to baghold this shit at near ICO for months?
I sure as hell don't
well if you didn't screen grab it i think we can assume it didn't happen, since you are clearly cyberstalking these poor devs lol.
then sell.
nobody is stopping you.
After the bullshit that's been going down as of late, I will if this POS gets one last mini pump.
Yeah... you seem pretty unreasonable.
In the software world, a 2 / 3 week delay is not major news.
k. then you'll leave slack too, right
When you realize who is really behind this scam scheme
Bin laden?
Tell me his name and the SEC will investigate him.
Anyone got screenshots of the conversation from earlier that made Blackstone rageban people?
There is absolutely no reason to fud or shill this for at least a month or two lol.
You guys are getting bored.
4242770They did it by accident.
Post everything atleast you retard.
Someone has to have screens of the conversation from earlier that made Blackstone rageban people.
Post it.Bump