https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SrtkJSO0oUoJUST
How did this guy get so many btc?Is he some trader god or something?
DUDEHOLY SHITTHIS IS THEIR EXIT SCAM LMAOBRB I KEEP GETTING HACKED I KEEP LOSING A MILLION DOLLARSBRB IM CHILL ABOUT IT AND IMA MAKE A VIDEOHOLY FUCK THESE NIGGERS TREVON AND CRAIG GRANT ARE WILD
4495264
>I got 'hacked'This is the exit scam
Why does he show his screen?
That's like asking to get hacked wtf.
dude i'm actually so fucking pissed.this BCC debacle is gonna fuck up CRYPTO hard along with this Bitfinex tether bullshit
Someone re-upload this to youtube and post it in comments, also save this vid incase he SHUTS IT DOWNhttps://my.mixtape.moe/ufmnor.flv
ICOs are gonna fuck up the crypto market way before those
They know Bitconnecccccccccccccct is going to implode any day now.
It has been freefalling on coinmarket cap.Step 1: Claim to be ''hacked''Step 2: Trade 111 bitcoin for XMRStep 3: Cold storage the shit out of itStep 4: Laugh in the faces of the SEC and FBI when they knock down your door
so wat u be sayin' iswe wuz hacked and shiet???
get in now
U'RE JUST MAD COZ THIS SUPERIOR BLACK MAN TREVON JAMES MADE MORE MONY THAN U VIRGIN NEETS.
111BTC ISN'T EVEN A LOT TO HIM.
YOU CALL HIM SCAM, BUT WHERE'S YO PROOF?
WHATCHU GON DO ABOUT IT?
YE THAT'S RIGHT, YO AIN'T GON DO SHIT.
EVEN IF IT IS A SCAM... YO NAZIS SCAMMED HIS PEOPLE FOR GENERATIONS.
So obviously this is an exit scam but shouldn't this be good for btc??
All that money that was locked up in bcc will have to flow into btc, and all those potential bcc retards will now just go straight to btc.
You think this will make btc price dip at all?
the nazis scammed his people for generationskek
stupid money will lose faith for a while in crypto.
Also with the tether bullshit..
Jesus christ that ape has an entire fleet of mixed race shitskin breedhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kb3QtUzM6SkGood investment.
Pay for this nigger to have 6 more kids with his mudsharklol

wait I couldn't watch it for more than 3 minutes because he said he got hacked for 111 btc but he's like I'm so fucking serious guys like omg so fucking serious my btc got hacked with a smug fucking smile on his nigger fucking face.
He just cashed out right?
I hope he got fucking hacked but I doubt it.
Open video>Muh youtube>Hit dat subscribe button
/pol/, even in a board talking about money, you talk about race.
muh private keyz
This is the funniest thing I've ever seen.
I lost a million dollars.
OMG.
Wow that is a big shock.
Look at my face guys.
So surprised and devastated.
Oh well life goes on.
If someone goes on youtube and shows off his million dollars in bitcoin what if someone just goes and puts a gun to his head and says send me your bitcoins?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wQNUdrokY1U
Hahahaha HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA hahahahahahahaha
Then they lost their bitcoins or their life

4506698the fact that hes helping run a ponzi scheme and pretending to get 'hacked' is enough proof.
How'd this guy get 111 bitcoins in the first place?
Is this shit so easy this retard can make lambo money even?
Monero will rise too, as scammers like Trevor will trade their btc there.
who is this nigga and what's his relation to bitconnect?also can someone explain me the bitconnnneeeect meme?
i know about the token and its ponzi scheme, but did someone pull a ps3 riiiidge raceeer somewhere or what?
He's at the top of a pyramid scheme....
I wonder how easy it would be to actually hack this faggot.
Maybe get into his email/fb and take screenshots, then expose him on social media.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kbR1SXIje1UBitconneeeeeeeect
4507993niggers are usually on the leading edge of ponzi schemes.
all the darkies at work were talking about herbalife well before it became mainstream and a few of them did actually get rich off it.
blacks always sell off their own
actually believing a word of thisThis is obviously just tax evasion.Not that I blame him, taxation is L I T E R A L L Y theft.
This just showcases the power of crypto - the government really can't do a damn thing about it.But c'mon...
HHAAHHAHAHHAHAA holy shit how did i sleep on that
wow, I don't think I've ever literally wanted to strangle someone before.. and my life philosophy is anti-violence but this guy is really making that difficult to maintain.
what the fuck is this
>dude i'm actually so fucking pissed.>this BCC debacle is gonna fuck up CRYPTO hard along with this Bitfinex tether bullshitI'm not worried.
You sound like a fucking moron.
Holy shit that's BCC?
Yeah shitcoins die all the time...
I just checked and BCC is almost as much as ETH lol.
I think I'll buy some ETH.
He made videos every day.
Got thousands of subscribers over a few years.
Got into bitconnect.
Posted referral links which increased his downstream percentage in the multilevel marketing scheme (bitconnect) which multiplied his profits in bitconnect.
He pursued a compounding interest strategy.
Thats about it.So many dramatic retards in this thread
What is that vertical cliff in market cap about?
What is that vertical cliff in market cap about?
he showed that he doesn't use 2fa