Last week I changed my portfolio to 100% LINK for the long game While I originally saw huge potential in Link by 2019, I'm starting to think the only people who care about it are people on /biz/ and that's starting to make me think it's a dead meme.
There's no way a bunch of assholes from 4chan (myself included) are going to make anything more than losses on this if we hold till late 2018.
Just my opinion, maybe someof you cucks with crystal balls can read the future ok this one.
>held 100% LINK for 1 week>feeling hopeless
So sell it?
So, what changed between your decision for "long game" and 1 week since?You do understand how silly that is?
You didn't even start long game and you have doubts.
1 week
Sell then man what do you want from us
Wow, one week what an eternity.You should have at least tripled your money in an hour.
Link is a mid to late 2018 hold.
Say what you want about /biz/ but it's been right about several moon coins.
This shit ain't for you homie.
We can't tell you anything not freely available to the public.
several parabolic moon coins
Well if you don't have the patience and iron will for 100% long game, then sell 50-70% and only keep 30-50%.
You can trade and chase moon missions with the rest.Long game literally means FUCKING IRON HANDS AND DON'T SELL BEFORE PRICE TARGET X.
you can actually tell which ones are genuine biz picks by the length of the shilling and the quality of memes.
>length of shillingIf biz shills the coin for a day or so then forgets about it, then it probably was a pump and dump.
But if biz keeps shilling it relentlessly day after day whether it dumps or pumps?
strap in were going for the moon>meme qualitymost shills just post the logo of the coin or add a hot chick to the logo.
genuine shilling includes dank memes.
why?
because its harder to make dank memes than just shilling the logo.
why the fuck would pajeets waste their time photoshopping something dank?
not that they can understand our culture correctly enough to make memes that are funny.
Sell now and back buy in after you can buy it on Coinbase.
2019This right here is the problem, none of us know the time-frame.
Chainlink has a great potential, but it could take several years.. you say 2019, it might as well be 2021-2022.
This is a long time, especially if the price keeps bouncing around sub 0.5$.You could as well go into Monero or something like that, and double your money in 2018, then buy back in into chainlink.
If you hodl Chainlink, you will potentially miss a lot of good opportunities..
But who knows, the price could soar to +1-2$ in 2018, and then you would regret selling..
This.
I think the meme quality of link makes me want to believe.
Very true, think I'm just gonna leave what I have invested in LINK and then start investing more money back into ETH and a few other alts.
Will do some research on Monero
I remember days of eth and local fights between shillers and fudders.
The main argument against eth was :>lol BTC will implement smart contracts alsoGuess what bitches, only thing BTC implemented is mental gymnastics.
I fear to even imagine but chainlink could be bigger than current eth evaluation.
However, it's unlikely.
What is likely that link will be bigger than fucking blue fidget spinner
Yeah the blue hypebeast fidget spinner is definitely on our hit list.
The question is, should we also take out our other friend... our other blue friend?
Biz loved him too before he mooned shilling him relentlessly with dank memes.
My biggest regret :(
long game, gives up after 1 weekpretty pathetic dude
haha... time is really distorted in these markets but one week...it'll just take one piece of news to send link past $1
HOW DO I BUY THIS SHIT AND SECURE IT
There's no wallet yet, right?
Or am I retarded?Basically what do I do with my LINKs after my binance trade goes through
Those lovely eyes.
They make me believe in link.
Everyone made fun of our antshares until the days of reckoning (rebranding).
The pink Wojack production skyrocketed.
Maybe it was created by that event.
Can't remember.
Either that or bancor fiasco
It'll take several exchanges so that the pajeet whales with over millions of link won't be able to dump this to the ground as easily.
just use MEW
4347420I got like 20k links sitting on binance.
Should I move them to MEW through my nano ledger or could there be a moon mission coming up and I might miss out?
Im in the same boat as you dude.I think I can use my nano ledger s but im not sure how or using my etherwallet or something
I use MEW through my ledger.
Just turn on browser support in your ledger then go to the mew website, pick ledger and open the eth app on your desktop.
+1 for wanting to know if a Ledger Nano S can hold my piddly 250 LINK
I plan on doing this after I can ride the waves on a couple more shitcoins but I’m going to have to stop coming to /biz/ right after.
I’m going to delete Blockfolio and forget that crypto exists.
Or do my best to anyway.
I hope I have the discipline.
I’ll have to print out a picture of a LINK lambo and hang it on the wall or something.
Thanks.
It's basically a javascript wallet right?
Is it worth saving the page locally?
Network comes out in Q2 2018You have six months tops before it hits neptune.
The problem with getting out and then getting back in is the looming Swift announcement which would send it past $1.
Sure you might be able to make gains and get back in but do you really think you can time the market?
Look at what happened a few days ago when S2X was cancelled.
It shot up to 3900 from 2200 and people FOMOed right back in.
^^^ 2021, 2022.
These things take ages to get implemented lads.No one is doubting LINKs tech though
But SWIFT might as well already be confirmed.
Why would an official announcement be any different?
They said it could take two years for a fully integrated API with Swift
Pretty much 100% guarantees long term implementation and adoption.
SWIFT coming out and endorsing the network means a lot to institutions.They said two years for a full API library for the entire network.
Swift could be implementing them as early as this summer if the fraud detection system they are starting is using the Chainlink network.
It's also believed that the company which tweeted about Chainlink is using them in their backend for their services.It's going to get big within the next 6 months.
It's going to hit a 2B Market cap before the network is even live.
The question is just how long before.
But what's the chance chainlink are just helping with the tech and not implementing link tokens?
They are either using the network or not.
Link is an integral part of the network.
It doesn't exist without it.
That would mean they won't be implementing Chainlink.
Why would they help the tech without gaining anything from it?
>Bitcoin>Ethereum>ChainlinkThese are the only coins worth holding
Sure you can that's what I'm doing - just plug it in mew
Linkies are so delusional
Betting on LINK you will fail.
How close to an actual working product and implementation anytime soon is Chainlink anyway?
Man guys like you are fucking awful.
Literally come here crying because you have no balls to hold something through the ups and downs.
Quit being such a fucking pussy.Here’s how to play crypto.Enter a position at a price you feel comfortable.
Immediately place a sell order for your desired price.
Get on with your fucking life, quit looking at biz and set an alert on blockfolio.
It’s not that hard faggots.
because the system must be fully implemented and complete before the coin moons
You guys are aware that SWIFT has been working in implementing blockchain tech for a while now right?
And you also know that it's pretty useless without chainlink right?
Open your fucking eyes people.
Everyone is expecting a "partnership" to be announced but SWIFT will be a USER of chainlink Oracles, not a partner.
They will have NO partners but many users, which is better IMO
Are you seriously fucking that retarded?LINK I fully operation on smartcontracts.com
Then why does literally nobody expect anything before EOY 2018, I don't get it.
Because the decentralized network won't be up and running until 2018.
Right now its just a testnet and its centralized.
the big 3
nobody has any idea when the network will be up and running.
yes we do.
I asked Rory in slack and he responded.
There are also others who can confirm this.
If you don't believe me, download slack and ask him personally.
"He legit said the network is planned to go live in 2018, but we are trying to push it earlier"
post a screencap of him saying this?
I never saw it in slack
I don't have Slack on my laptop.
Send him a PM and he'll answer you.
I didn't want to post it here.
The network that's up right now is a testnet.
Anyone running a node that's not part of it won't be gaining anything.
The decentralized network will be the biggest step for ChainLink.
Until then, I don't expect the price to move up much.
The token isn't used right now
Its hard to believe that if LINK succeed 1/3 of /biz/ will be multi millionaire
My portfolio is 60% LINK, 25% ETH, 15% Confido.
I rode the BCH pump, doubled money and put into into ETH.DO NOT SELL LINK.YOU WILL NOT TIME THE MARKET.The price of Link is actually pretty stable, it bounces between 20c and 15c constantly.
This WILL be your moon ticket.
There is no way this will not be worth more than it is now in the future.Sergey is mainstaging at Bitcoin conference in February, expect a massive pump then.We uncovered a SWIFT smart contract the other day which the devs / Rory deleted from their site because of obvious NDAs.Seriously, I am the first one to flip a shitcoin for profit, but this is a sure bet.
This is the next ETH.Accumulate by swing trading your stack when volume picks up.
Convert some fiat into ETH and trade some shitcoins in the meantime.
What about when ETH was heavily shilled by /biz/?
Think of how many biz people got rich
what about the fact of how many oracle icos there are?zap, aeternity, mobius, etc, and dozens more in the coming months all raising tens or hundreds of millions of dollars
If /biz/ gets rich with out me I'll going to be posting so many pink Wojacks.
I am running a node on my tower in the corner right now.Testnet sure, but the network is there.
Implying people won't mass dump this shitcoin when they see Sergey waddle his fat ads onto stage and start stuttering like an autist
Cool JSON ParserHow is it worth 60M?
idk,it's TOO crazy and TOO good to be true.
I hope make it with 1k
Nah, most of the people will sell at 1-2$, which is fine gains, but post pink wojacks and fairy tales of how they held "hundreds of thousands of LINK" 1-3 years later, similar to BTC/ETH.
There will be only very few left who are really determined enough to hold this until the very god-tier level.
I'd say only 1 out of 100 holders.
I am not even sure about myself.
It is literally the best to store away 50k on some USB stick and refrain yourself from accessing it for 3 years by putting it into some unaccessible vault.I think this could be a strong business model btw.
Keep people from panic selling by storing their coins in a secure vault.
SWIFT my son SWIFTinsane amount of fucking money going through sergeys toilet system to flush all the jews out by becoming multimillionaires by holding LINK tokensbuy LINK and never fucking sell EVERLINKMARINES LINE UP
And they probably don't have a guy that looks like a giant oaf lumbering on the stage.
You can't be fat in Silicon Valley and make it.
They are all vegan skinny fags there.
top kek meme if they can get adopted before chainlink then yes they will succeed over it.
good luckSame, network is there, not running any data thoughsame with ANS in May/JuneWon't retire with 1k, but you might have enough to start playing with bigger numbers.
JSON Parserit's meme time
Topkek, I know right?Then multiple toilets flush while he stutters covered in burger grease all over his overly tight flannel shirt and accidently sharts in his nylon pants.If they mass dump then all the better for me, cheap LINK I can tie to my node and gain more assignments.
Link $2.50 eoy 2018
many of those are ecosystems like eth that have their own oracles.
chainlink is different in that it doesn't rely on its own ecosystem.
it helps existing ones like bitcoin, eth, and hyperledger.
yes.
unless you are day trading it
not an argument linkie
Can't argue with this.
Won't retire with 1k, but you might have enough to start playing with bigger numbers.where do I live USD its 3x more powerfulI would be beyond than happy with 3kk
Why hold link when it's 100% manipulated by bots?
You can daytrade it, it's highly predictable on binance.
/10 gif
Same anon, same here.
I would be happy with anything above $1 desu.
k isnt making it levels, you will be able to sell and make it off the next moon mission though.
How much have you made day trading it?
I got 3k LINK and 4k REQI understand that even $1 LINK will bring me just pocket money I'll spend in a year on some shit like new PC.
I'll be holding it until it goes godlike or goes to 0.
Im good at hodling but not at earningmay the luck be with us,anondepends on how high LINK will reach,even monero level would be very nice
 figures.
Because I have no idea how to daytrade
I am doing exactly this.
Bought a fat stack at 58k per and set up a sell order at 62k, expecting it to be complete by the time I wake up.
Thought after reading this thread now I'm scared of one day waking up and seeing link up 1000% and me with zero link because of my sell order.
Will Link ever pump like DGB or ANS did?
Lol do you want it to pump like dgb did?
how do you do that?Just send it to your eth address on the nano s and then use MEW to send the link somewhere else if I want to?
I am trying to do this too.
Only bad if you miss the moon mission with a measly 30% gain sell order.
But well, If you manage to triple your stack by doing this over and over again you can also buy in later with some "loss".
It just hurts to see so much cost of opportunity being missed.
P A R S E RARSER
>shitcoin>Going all inRip
4349930Don't day trade with 100% of your stack.
Buy some at low price and hold, the rest daytrade.
You faggots are clueless, no wonder you lose money on a predictable market.
but trading with less means less gains
dubs confirm
From start to finish, what is the best way to buy LINK with GBP?
Preferably without paying a fuckton of fees for 1000 conversions and transfers.I already converted all my BHC to link, the only thing I have left is BTC and I'm holding that.
I've only ever bought with fiat through coinbase, but I'm sure there must be a better way than paying coinbase's meme tier fees, then transferring BTC to a proper exchange for $50 or having to wait a week