Ok faggots, been lurking on this board for a few weeks, made a bit of cash last week on the huge pump and bump which was fun.
I have now created a binance account, transfered some btc and eth to it.Now please fuckers I want a list of the best alts I can sit on for the next year and slowly add to.
I have about 2k right now to start with.
I don't want any of this shit I see being dump to new fags.
I want the real stuff which is likely to go up ×3-×7 over the next year or so.I see plenty of you guys talking up link, but I know and 4chan love fucking with anyone they can right.
So is link really that good, also is req and powr, I see them talked up abit on here also.So really what are the best 4 alts to hold for the next year or more?
ChainBlinkChainStinkChainPinkChainMink
Nope, try again
I just know that TokenCard will do a 5x
ChainThinkChainSinkChainWinkChainRink?
ChainDrink
Go all in BTC
Can I get some real advice, dont wanna be wasting my hard earned cash on shitcoins, I know it may seem funny too you to convince me into buy useless shit but please don't fuck me on this /biz/
I want too but it seems risky right now, also I wouldn't get a ×3 return on my money, im no whale, just a small fish wanting to see my couple of thousand maybe turn into 10k next year, not looking to be rich.
A nice return like that i would be very happy with
RCN
Your not trying to hang me anon?
what do you think it will be selling at in a years times?
/biz/ help a brother out to get make some nice saving, it takes forever being a wagefag and slowly putting it away in the bank, I have just over 9k saved but that could awhile.
I want to use that 2k to invest in now and instead of putting away money each week, I will now slow accumulate alts instead.
Cmon /biz/ what's the good alts
ChainTwink
So is link really that goodLINK is unironically a good token, but it's a long term one and still has plenty of time to stagnate and bleed before they actually get the network running.
In that sense it's a great one to hold for a year, but unless you plan on going into a coma for that year it's better to spread out your buys and try to find as many low entries as you can over the next month or two.
It's going to be big, just not any time soon.COSS is another shitcoin I like to look very far in the future on: right now all they are is a shitty exchange with minimal volume and a handful of promotions but they are planning to improve both the UI and the engine of the exchange in the near future, and in the mid-long term they'll add fiat options and crypto payment processing for businesses and events.
The transaction fees for all of the above are split 50/50 between the owners and the tokenholders, so if any of these services become moderately used the currently pathetic weekly dividends will increase massively.
But if they don't get any of this shit done or end up incompatible with Singapore's (still-being-written) cryptocurrency and securities regulations, then you can expect their volume to continue to dry up and their token to continue to bleed until they eventually go out of business.I'd put no more than 20% of your portfolio in shitcoins though.
These are the kinds of things that - long term - will either moon 10-20x or end up completely dead, so even a small investment will pay off while a large one would be taking a major risk.
Keep most of your money in Ethereum until this BTC/BCH thing blows over (wait until after Bitcoin's next difficulty adjustment if you want to be sure you're safe) then shift to 50/50 BTC and ETH.
Thank you heaps for the help anon, fucking knew /biz/ was fucking me with these alts, so maybe just hold a bit of link, and the rest in eth and bitcoin, no need to loom into these other alts like powr, req, trx?
Thank you heaps for the help anon, fucking knew /biz/ was fucking me with these alts, so maybe just hold a bit of link, and the rest in eth and bitcoin, no need to look into these other alts like powr, req, trx?
ICNFUNARKAnd of course, the /biz/ special,LINKThis is on top of a healthy base of BTC and ETH of course
OP, heres one that is almost not shilled here at all: EVX.
25M marketcap, kinda similiar project to OMG.
It dipped recently and now is the perfect time to buy, don't think we will see it below 2$ for long now.
Chart looks bullish to me: https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/everex/ DYOR etc
just hold a bit of link, and the rest in eth and bitcoinYes, that would be my recommendation.
I haven't looked into the others you mentioned but I think REQ is promising too.
I only bother talking about coins I actually did some research on, so my lack of mentioning one doesn't mean I think it's garbage; it just means that I haven't thought much about it in the first place.
Thanks heaps, was worried i might have rushed into things.Yes I haven't seen this coin at all been shilled the fuck out of like other coins here.
I shall have a look into into it, was game plan is over the next year, find the right alt, most probably link or this evx right, keep 20% of thst alt.
Keep the other 80% in eth and bitcoin.
As I'm a wagefag is it best to buy eth over bitcoin.
Also would neo and lite be ssfe to hold for the year or is the train alright gone on neo?
Also if i keep 80% of my holding in eth or bitcoin, if i see their are nice moon mission going on it will be easy available in my binance account, i noticed it takes awhile sometime for your sell order to go through, so if all your dth and bitcoin is held up in other shitty alts, you could easily miss the good dips in moon missions right?, is this what you all do?
ETH>HealthyPick one
Thanks, eth it is.
I know this might be a stupid question but if i keep my eth in my binance account and not coinbase, still goes up in value yes?
I'm sure it does and I know its a stupid question but i just want to make sure I'm right

Sorry but I'm not sure what those coins are?
At least 500 ARK or you're not gonna make itIt's a gem in the muddy sea of shitcoins
XMR, RIPPLE, LTC ( maybe )Honestly I use to be a huge zealot for ETH the first year.The state of ETH's "technology" is so terrible right now.
Shitty PND tokens, dumb "smart" contracts that ruin people more than help anything.
Also the developers.
Libcuck communists.
A legion of greedy followers licking their boots and praising anything they say.
It all has to come falling apart oneday.ETH looks like one of those things that is going to fall and take its shitty token market with it and never return.A torrential spiral will more than likely happen to crypto soon.
"The bubble will pop".
Sometime after BTC falls dragging ALTs with it.Many ALTs will thrive, then expect something seriously someting wong with ETH.
then here we go.I would keep an eye open for 3rd gen cryptos at this point early in the grand scheme of things.Hmm tldr; BUY LINK FAGGOT
Of course.
It's the same ETH, and worth as much as anyone's.
Fast, cheap transactions and proof of stake alone will keep ETH in the game for a good while.
And it's actually a currency: used for icos but still a currency.If the BTC and BCH drama gets especially nasty it's the logical choice for the market to go to.
Thanks heaps guys, to be hinest i wish i brought i heap on neo with my 2k when it was at $28, would already be making nice returns, whats the chance of this hitting $300 one day?
* honest I was fucking around buyjng shjttig alts with like $500 of it, put all of that on link for now, and keep the rest in eth, and dl you think neo,is a good,ome at all.
I did happen to buy a couple of shares in gas for some reason, that's gone well but believe they have something to do,with neo right?