>tfw accumulating a diverse portfolio of alts and shitcoins on cossSuper comfy
Last week's payout was pathetic.
Something like 5 cents per $100 invested in coss.This shit will still be in "beta" next summer and hovering below 10 cents.
Cap this, faggots.
$0.05 for $100 is $1 annually, which is a low rate of return but considering how big this will get with fiat, margin trading, icos and airdrops and shit its going to be big
So comfy being balls deep in coss
empty promise>empty promise>empty promise>empty promiseWe've been hearing this shit for months and yet nothing has happened except coss tanking 60%+ while pajeet shilling about "muh dividents" where they don't even realize it's dividenD and not dividenTExit scam waiting to happen, friend.
Not sure how the fuck they got into the EEA but whatever.
They will be booted
he didn’t read the document released by the singapore regulator that basically gave the go-ahead for fiat and margin trading
We've been hearing this shit for monthslike a single month or so, and it's still officially in beta, with developers working on the UI.You can't really claim "empty promises" unless they consistently miss deadlines, which they haven't.
They said they'd fix the dividends DAO by a certain date and they made that deadline.
They said they'd add certain alts by certain dates, they made those deadlines.It's a bad time for an alt exchange right now since COSS launch pretty much conincided with when BTC started mooning from ~$4500-7k.
I'm actually not holding much coss (like 2% of my portfolio) but to not expect this to ~5-10x at minimum is literally retarded.
https://kucoinshares.com/Kucoin has a 7 million dollars worth of volume.
160 Kucoin is about $100 worth and it generates 1 cent a day.
Multiply this by the seven days in a week and you get 7 cents compared to COSS's 5 cents.Coss on the otherhand has what, $140,000 in volume?Yeah, because you retards always buy ATH because of FOMO.
I've bought all my coss from the sub 0.0002 ETH dips.
Doesn't Kucoin payout go down dramatically very soon?
Yep, heading to 15%
yes plus the potential ROI from buying kuckoin is a lot lower than COSS at this point
Comfiest position i've ever been in.
Can't believe this is still under the radar.
I guess everyone just go for daily pump and dumps.
Coos is pretty good.
Future gains will be huge.