
Yes.BCH is going to be a junior partner to Bitcoin essentially, it will be the cash used for everyday small purchases requiring speed while Bitcoin remains digital gold.
muh digital gold memeLol, can't wait for btc to hit the dustbin like AOL/MySpace while quality alts that I scooped up cheap take me beyond the moon
It's digital gold until we try and shill to people who don't know.
Then when we get a scaling solution it will be a currency again.
soon to be $20+ transaction fees>digital gold
HA, gold has a smaller market cap than money.
Yeah it's totally retarded, the only reasons they can give are MUH SCARCITY or something dumb like brand name or first mover advantage.
I guess paying high fees is part of the "advantage"
LOLYour made up fork won't survive beyond 2017
made up fork>Shares identical history to BTC>BCH cheaper, faster, more reliableGee I wonder how this will end.
How does it feel to be a made up fork with the same fate as S2X?
It looks like they planned it all along.
The BTC pump began way too early last month now they blow it off a week ahead.
Some insiders got incredibly rich
made up fork>Shares identical history to BTC>BCH cheaper, faster, more reliableBitcoin Cash is bitcoin, it's not going away.
gotta agree.
i think the entirety of the crypto market just got played hard
CHINKS BTFOCHINKS BTFO

BCH will be used for everyday purchases while Segshit will remain digital tulipsftfy
Bitcoin's fundamentals are complete shit.
BCH will probably get more development now, ironically.
Remember rootstock?
They stopped because it was too expensive to do their shit on Bitcoin.
Now they will move over to Bitcoin Cash.Whatever.
XMR is the best money anyway.
I'm really confused.
The BCH fork already happened, how does the 2x fork getting cancelled change anything?
Shouldn't this actually strengthen BCH and BTG?
Brainlet here btw so don't be too hard on me.
yes, buy now before the market realizes this
BCH should have a fork on 13th
Glorious bcash chink salt.It's over, faggots.
Jitan lost.
Could blockchains fix the voting system?>tie identity to person with strict verification vote per person>votes go to your precinct, where anyone can see the total vote count, but not who has voted, or what their vote was.>system is open source, can be audited by security experts before being placed in use>no dead people can vote>don't have to trust your precinct >can always look back and see what your vote was
Figuring out how to assign 1 person = 1 vote in a trustless way would be more revolutionary than the blockchain.