Hello /biz/, I'm looking for a job.
I quit my university earlier this year and was skating by on my savings, but some recent unexpected expenses mean I need to work again, and now.
I don't have much work experience to show for and my degree is far from complete, so I'm not really sure what I could qualify for.
I do plan on going to trade school eventually, but it isn't in the budget for now.I have a high mechanical aptitude as well as with computers.
Have a partial AS degree in cybersecurity and partial BS degree in geology which I was hoping to learn about GIS in.
What kind of decent paying positions could I apply for?
Seems like anything above minimum wage on the job search sites either requires 5 years experience and a BS degree or is just janitorial work.
I'm not going to get anywhere in life at minimum wage.
Live in the Tampa Bay area if any of you know the market here.
Help!Not really sure on a relevant photo so here is a picture of my tie rod end hitting my rim.
Ayyy dropped out of college recently too.
Got enough crypto to keep me a float for a bit, but honestly I'll probably just get some low end job to cover expenses and continue to grow my portfolio
god I wish I kept my crypto back when it was new...
I'd be in such a different world today.
Sold 24.25BTC for less than $400 USD.
What is that today, over $100,000?
almost 200k my jeet
k
5 years experience and a BS degree or is just janitorial workalso this is basically just a memeif you have 50-75% of the "requirements" met, apply anyways.most people are like you and won't even bother applying.
and people with that much experience will demand much higher pay than they're offering.
also the job ads are written by idiots in HR who don't really even know what the job entails.
so ya just apply anyways bud
4413503fukalright, but even so, I don't know what to apply for.
I don't know how the workplace really works.
Will I be trained for any entry level job or do I need to have some advanced prior knowledge?
stay out of "tech".
it's full of pajeets and the wages are being clamped down as a result.anything with programming is good honestly.
if you know the basics then do some independent projects to show companies that you can code.
might have to accept a job under your market value at first given that you don't have a degree but should still be well over min wage.can always look for an apprenticeship if you'd rather do that sort of thing (trade work).