>early bitcoin adopter still in college/10 chick in class sees me pull out my blockfolio>asks me to drink after class even though she has a bad boy thug boyfriend>i want to show off in a classy restaurant but she says even the bar located in the sketchy part of town would do>tfw when having money literally makes you good looking that she doesnt even care about classy dinners anymore hence not a gold diggerKek you losers, i thought money doesnt make you good looking?
I am literally an alpha-male now.
Money and face has a symbiotic relationship.
She'll fuck Chad throughout college while aiming to marry you afterwards and leech off you.>She's not a golddiggerShe just doesn't want to be seen as a golddigger, she's smart and playing the long game.
Its what I'd do.
you know the bf is meant to rob him right
Kek!!
if she was a gold digger she would have accepted my offer to chill in an expensive place not in some sketchy bar.
But whatever, any place is comfy as long as you have a chick with you.
Ask her to cut off all contact with Chad completely and hire a PI to watch her.You will know if  is right or not.
how much do you have that you are considering yourself rich?
No way she'll fucking do that.
Why cant you fags just accept that by being an early adopter she thinks im smart.
Being smart means i have good genetics hence shes "physically" attracted to me.
Which means im a natural alphamale.
how much do you have that you are considering yourself rich?479K usd.
I'm still in college though so thats a lot of money.
If she saw how much money you have on blockfolio, and goes out with a thug, and invited you to a sketchy part of town - are you retarded?
It's okay to be a little desperate but not like that.
Money DOES make you more attractive.
Maybe you should start by using it to take care of yourself.
Buy some workout equipment, set aside a budget for high protein and high fat foods - cut out carbs.
If you're rich you can afford it and should afford it for your body's sake.
It's less expensive than eating out and you'll feel better about yourself.
Stop letting women gauge your self worth and level of attraction, and DONT GO TO A FUCKING SKETCHY BAR IN SOME SHITHOLE BY YOURSELF MORON.
Inb4 op is lured to shady bar, bashed by Chad and Stacey and has his btc stolen.
you're telling me this isn't the idea behind this larp anon?
>sees me pull out my blockfolio>bad boy thug boyfriend>she says even the bar located in the sketchy part of town would doyoure gonna get robbed you stupid faggotnice bait thread OP
4335328Lol fuck you guys, you're just jealous that im probably going to bang a 9/10 chick.
Also, she probably thinks i have body guards and shit because im an early adopter so she will be scared and wont plan on robbing me.
Stop pulling your fellow anon down just because you guys cant bang 9/10 girls.Having muscles gets you the girl early game, but we intellectuals end up winning everything in the end.
Money, girls, and power.
Dont you fags watch scarface?
/10 you overdid your laro sorry
pull out blockfolio >dumb stacey understands itnice larp
/10 larp.
At least you tried