This 6mil Market Cap gem is about to go on three exchanges in a week (Kucoin, Cryptopia, Livecoin) starting tomorrow with Kucoin.
If you dont know what that means then you don't deserve gains.
A decent summary of HST posted in an article that came up on their telegram: https://steemit.com/bitcoin/@mulctuarymoney/investment-opportunity-horizon-state
Anon stop giving them hints, let them do their own research.
I wish it stopped dropping on ED though
I cut my losses and dumped my HST last night, the price keeps falling and the order book does not look good for it.
Maybe you're right about it mooning soon, but I don't have faith in it anymore so I'm out.
i've already lost quite a bit on this.
i'm going to ride it to the bottom.
rofl wat... why didn't you wait three more days?
Plenty of similar coins have gone x5-10 coming from ED to Cryptopia alone.
Here Kucoin and Livecoin are also involved.
hope it flips soon
I bought in because it's Australian.
Power ledger is huge in Australia, like people who don't even invest in crypto normally have some, because it's Australian.
Same thing will happen here.
We're a proud bunch of people.
Nice, any word on binance listing?
I'm not bagholding on a pipe dream, the buy support has steadily been drying up, while resistance rising, if that 13 ETH wall at 0.00054 goes its dropping to 0.0002 or below, I'm not taking the risk of a 75%+ loss, I'm cutting my losses at 14%
This things going on Kucoin in 15 hours, you would have to be a moron to sell at this point, even more so if Cryptopia is listed within the next week, which we were told was likely to happen (and will happen by the end of the month anyway).
I also hold HST, but are these exchanges really gonna have any effect on this?
aren't they low volume
Horizon state more like JUST state
People like you keep saying this and yet the price keeps tanking.
I have no interest in being stuck in HST because the price is -75%+ from my entry point when I can cut my losses and easily recover the 14% I lost elsewhere.
Good luck with HST, I hope it works out for you, but I'm out.