What are the odds I wake up bag holding?
Hopefully you didn't buy that much.
very likely.
The news will come soon, and u know what that means?
%
/50 honestlyits a gamble at this point.no team/no whitepaper/massive sell walls around 18-20k sats.
Bro.
You're gonna be just fine.You'll wake up to over $2
whitepaper coming in 3 hours.
That's why the fomo...
FI'm sorry Anon.
> You're gonna be just fine
I'm the OP from last night that talked about NULS.
It was severely undervalued (was 9m cap when I bought), so I gave the shill a shot and went ham.
I knew it'd at least double but didn't expect it to rise so quick.
Cashed out and now am /comfy/.
A $40m valuation on a coin with no wp, no team, and no roadmap is insane.Team is supposedly delivering the WP tomorrow, so that should be good for those who bought at the high today.For it to go to $2, though, it needs to have an $80m market cap.
Not even VeChain (established partnerships) has that MC yet.
If you're buying now, they are gonna dump on you and just like Confido, they will never talk about the shitcoin again, just cricket sounds.
Fuck off pajeet.Go shit on the streets with your pasta fud.
most likelyyou should probably close the trade before it comes out
That photo is so true it's unbelievable.
F
Wakey wakey
lmao
called it
It's kinda true for me too, except the part about not knowing anything about the market or the coins.
Is it time?
code will be pushed on github on Monday
kek
Damn that tweet was amazingLink for those that missed ithttps://twitter.com/thefarage2016/status/746194797224878080?lang=en
pretty high.
feels bad anon.
chinese friend calls me at 3am est>helped him get an itar exemption so he owes me>says to get nuls on binance asap>tfw
I went away for 2 hours and did everybody sell their NULS already?
What the fuck is going on?
Should I sell?
Sell now retardEveryone already took their 2x and ran
People panic sold because someone made a Chinglish translation of the Chinese whitepaper and the FUD went through the roof.
I'm still holding.
You know that was fake right?
LOL @ anyone who seriously sold because of THAT!
No, it was the real whitepaper, just poorly translated.
The yellow paper comes out pretty soon, which has all the technical specs.
They also already have huge partners (that news hasn't really gotten out in English yet), as well as a strong following in China, and they're Chinese government compliant.This is probably the best buy since Antshares (maybe even better).
That's what I mean, poor hasty 3rd person translation.
Not the real McCoy.
ONE BELT ONE ROAD!
See all the strong hands at $5