Linkies rejoice, for I have seen the future.
We're going to make it.
We moonin boyz.
4514432Sergey is alternating between eating Big Macs and snorting cocaine off of black BBW booty cheeks while Rory is furiously stroking his pencil dick in the corner with one hand and stonewalling investors in the slack with the other.
That’s why all his “updates” trying to hide the fact that this project is a complete debacle are riddled with typos.
A pile of unread resumes sit on the floor, drenched in Big Mac sauce.
Steve is the only one trying.
He’s locked away in his moms basement trying to learn GO.
It’s such an obscure and asinine language that he can’t find the documentation he needs.
He’s about to snap.
He keeps frantically calling Sergey.
Sergey only texts back, “new phone, who dis” and “32 million solves my oracle problem.” Steve’ mom’s basement reeks of the marijuana Steve smokes to cope with the stress.
A thick haze from all the smoke lingers.
All Steve can see are two faint lights.
One is the blue light emitting from his shitty 2010 dell inspiron laptop.
Somehow Sergey didn’t think they’d have money in the budget for him to get a new laptop.
The other is the glimmer of steel of his colt 45 revolver with his one way ticket out of his hell.
>Stops bleeding>Doesn't realize its because he is out of blood
Kek
That one did hurt abit to be honest.
Fuck you!
Nice """"""""moon"""""""" you got there
Any linkies who have a ton of link could spare 7500 link tokens please.
Im getting close to my goal but i feel as if the price is going to go up abit soon and will be even harder to get to my goal.
Please.
I have been buying at the 15c -17c mark.
I know im a poor fag but im going my best please.
I
Up 3 cents but really down 30 cents, the absolute state
can anyone spare 1500bucks
It will stay as link for the next 5 years nigga, so more like $750 000+
At the moment I have 12 500, getting to my 20 000 goal but worried price will go up to about 23-25c and will just make things so much harder
At the moment I have 1, getting to my goal of 12,500, but worried price will go up to about 23-25c and will just make things so much harder.can have 12,499 please?
Ok i wont beg for it guys.
Ill just keep working hard for it like i do anyways.
Thanks faggots
EIGHTEEN PERCENT GAINS IN ONE DAY.NEXT STOP LAMBO LAND.
4517832sent ;)
Oh thanks anon, might need my wallet address first ;)