Wtf am I supposed to do during this segwit2x fork?
Hold Bitcoin then sell right after the fork?
Or put money into fiat?
Does anyone know?
Hold BTC sell before the fork to your favorite alts, i suggest REQ, ARK, ZEN and LTC
Hold Bitcoin Cash Holy crap how many times do people have to say it, just buy Bitcoin Cash.
nothing will happen anon.
it's all meaningless fud that's already priced in.
/btcpol/ 
This.
The flippening is real.
SegShit chains will become worthless.
4245695>plz buy my bagsthis
Seriously.
Either BTC and B2X die right away after fork or they lock into a war of attrition for weeks/months.
Meanwhile bch is there, stable, fast, giving much better mining rewards and 10x potential.
plz buy my bags
What bags?
It was literally airdropped and the value keeps rising.
You would have to try really hard to become bch bagholder.
BCH
hold alts is the best way to survive this war.
strong ones will be the winner post fork, ETH, XMR, DASH, VTC.thank me later
doesnt mention WAVESThis is why you faggots cant be trusted
Nice to see a lot of /biz/ is waking up to BCH already.
My plan is to switch to fiat immediately after the fork and wait and see what happens.I might throw some BTC into an alt also, but the majority will be in fiat until the dust settles.
Play the right alts.
You will make it with the right info.
https://discord.gg/5c4ghCj
Selling before the snapshotWhy would you do this?
Barry knows s2X will replace Bitcoin Cash.
Bitcoin will remain the Digital Gold Store Of Value.
S2X will become itts liquidity sidekick.
this info has leaked.
It is why Barry is Dumping Bitcoin Cash, and why S2X Futures are $1,500.
Even fucking core devs know that BCH will pump so fucking hard
cash out before the fork and buy in on the dip
Silver is worth way less than gold because it take way less resources to produce.
Bitcoin Cash will always be worth less than 8% of Bitcoin for the same reason.
Is anyone interested in ltc during the fork
This.
This is what I don't get.
Why is people moving before the snapshot.It has been said B2X has no replay protection but that can be easily circumvented and you still get your free coins.
Tweeter was trying to signal his inside knowledge of Prince al Alaweeds bitcoin Cash "Open Letter" "Flippening" ""BCH is the Real Bitcoin" scam to cash in on his Bitcoin shorts.
All weedy has been arrested, and his entire 20 BILLION in assets seized.
Its over Faggots.
The 10,000 accounts he leased at amazon to pose as miners are getting shutdown as well.
You got dumped on by two of hi henchmen, Redditors / Youtubers Teeka and Tone.
Eat your bags for dinner, fuckers, and stop trying to foist them on biz.
Do not trade on pajeet / chink scam exchanges.
coinbase / Bittrex = Replay protection.