Good meme, but this coin will not make you gains.
At least you can laugh at good meme and not holding this shit.
Good boy - keep posting about linkps.
rent free
rent free
rent freeSure thing buddy.
You live in my head (rent free) right next to Digimarines.
I'm really concerned about you, not just for making you my go-to laughing stock, oh no.
It's me actually caring about how I missed out on post-Sibos 75% dip and no communication from fatass pothead one-man $32M team, or how can I possibly cope knowing I missed out on bagholding DGB from ATH wick 2000 sats to current 100 sats.Fuck, get out of my head aaaaaaaa etc etc.
RentFreeInYourHead
Hey is there a chance you get to below ICO?
I might use your favorite ERC20 shitcoin to swingtrade a bit.
At least you can laugh at good memehttps://www.rosettastone.com/learn-english/
"good meme"Guess you need an IQ below 80 to think these are "good meme"(s).
This is the absolute state of /biz and why you shouldn't take any investment advice from here and people that spend their time humoring themselves with those memes.
Link makes best memes even though its a shitcoin :^)
It's pretty stable now.
I wouldn't say it's impossible to go lower, anything is possible in this wacky Bitcoin bulltrap leading to the fork.That said LINK is a long term hold imo like seriously if you haven't read the white paper or listened to Sergeys presentations yet you should.
Swinging with it is somewhat foolish imo but u do u boo booAlso I'm not fucking selling etc.
etc.
not realising that smart contracts are the next big step in financial automation and that chainlink was literally the missing LINK
Hahahahahha, the amount of effort linkies put into their marriage with Sergey "Chains of Misery" Nazarov is really astounding.
He's not even a good looking chad.
Not to mention the rest of his goons.I have an idea, hear me out - and I'll give it to you for free.
Why not spam LINK slack urging and pressuring them to sign a deal / partnership with DNT?Can you believe the amount of money DNT's meme factory would benefit just from LINK memes itself?
Fuck...DNT top 10 mcap coin eoy - cap this.
but how do you solve the oracle problem?
Also unironically this 
Why not spam LINK slack urging and pressuring them to sign a deal / partnership with DNT?uhhhh, no thanks
The Devcon presentation right before Sergey was called "Data the Missing Link"It's funny how clear the writing on the wall is.
Sergey solved it already by building a decentralized oracle network that connects ALL blockchains.read it:https://link.smartcontract.com/whitepaperand its not only that.
it opens up a shitton of new business opportunities for banks, insurances, etc.this is it, our ticket to Lamboland.
Victory is assured.
4247757desu they may make us buy in on dumps but the potential is there.Not buying link though till later.
I'm just holding in hopes it will get better when things get mixed up again after the BTC fork in 8 days
remember when crypto wasn't about flipping shit coins, but rather investing in world-changing technology?
that's what LINK is, once again.
it absolutely is, its insane how important chainlink is gonna be in some time but right now almost nobody besides us has it on the fucking radar because the average virgin investor can't wrap his head around blockchain technology, smart contracts or decentralized oracles.the future looks bright lads.Not buying link though till later.right now its a good time to buy, at 16/17 cents.kinda doubt it will tank much more but I guess we will see, been accumulating long since before SIBOS and still not done.I doubt Billionaire Sergey wants to hang out with guys who go by the name "semenslurpingtouhous"
Confido was just the first.
Eventually, EVERYBODY will use LINK.
This is not FOMO, by the way.
These are facts.
Chainlink is a innovative idea, on it's way to actual implementation, backed up by numerous million dollar banks and companies, and, well, it's gonna make me rich.
You can't stop an idea this solid and sellable.
The only reason why Sergey and Co aren't going full out on marketing is either because they're retards when it comes to that shit or they're deep in NDAs.
One day, you'll look back and say "I was such a fucking idiot".
and I will be like>One day, you'll look back and say "I was such a fucking genuis".
Imagine.
This is the /biz/ coin, /ourcoin/.
If it booms, many people who go on /biz/ will be rich.
Imagine if a ton of NEET losers virgins who watch anime and play video games all day suddenly become millionaires.
Imagine the memes out of this shit.
What's the difference between ETH and LINK.
Don't they both use smart contract tech?
4248239Hello fellow High IQ anonssee you in Linkoland 2018
I think many will sell before its worth millions.
How tempting will it be to just cash out 100k for example?doubt many have the iron hands to survive this til it reaches millionaire stage.why don't you simply read the whitepaper ?here is the link 4248273feels good man, I really hope I can accumulate more as long as the price is so low.
I already feel like a fucking genius.
Holding something that has brought me barely any roi for months because it has some potential some time in the distant future has been such a smart move.
planning for the future is a white mans trait and by investing into future technologys puts you already ahead of several billion normalfags.there is like 12k wallets worldwide that currently hold LINK.
you're addicted to flipping shit coins.
we get it.
you're a degenerate gambler.leave the real investing to us.
The only reason why Sergey and Co aren't going full out on marketing is either because they're retards when it comes to that shit or they're deep in NDAs.Pretty sure it's the former
4248308That is the difference between "investing" and "gambling shitcoins with an attention span of 1-2 days".
Scammy pajeet degenerates with low IQ and all those ADHD millennial hordes just think they get x100 in 3 days, zero risk and so they only buy shitcoins and wonder why they don't make it with "daytrading", aka gambling.Ask yourself maybe once in a while "why did I not make it yet?".
Because you don't invest in solid projects with prospects of future technology and mainstream adoption.
You're not willing to hold for more than 4 weeks.
You wouldn't even get wealthy if you picked the right coins by chance because you would sell too soon or even with loss because you pick the worst possible entry point because of FOMOing into ATH.
You have no masterplan and no strategy.
You don't even know why blockchain technology is revolutionary because you never even bothered to think about it or read a single whitepaper.
You don't understand we are not even near a bubble in cryptocurrency sector because it is still in infant stages.Anon, you will never make it if you don't change your attitude or strategy.
no shit?
says the weeaboo with anime images!!
HAHAAHAHAAHAH BASEMENT DWELLER NECKBEARD
calling names on a mongolian basket weaving board