I'm just gonna leave it here.Etch this into your brain and you'll be in the 1% of winning traders.
This is the little detail nobody wants to share and is deliberately omitted in tutorials.
This is "the secret".Have fun.
I'm just gonna leave it here.Good
Aha
muh trendline>muh TA
....???...
explain to me why you chose those whiskers to make your trendlineNotice how surrounding shadows are formed before and after the candle chosen as pivot.
so is this a trendline?
Something like this.
It's also the first sign of an upcoming trend change allowing for recognizing whether price will bounce from the trend line or break it.
Yep.
TA is retrospective self-validation
y
Why is the second one not a trendline?
Is it because the candles break the line?
This
trendlines are done either with 2 valleys or 2 peaks
Look at wick formations.
That's the important part.
Oh, I think I'm following.
Any chance you would post the same chart zoomed out to where the trend began?
Explain the trend line that would have gotten me into Bitcoin cash
the obvious accumulation
I'm a bit busy at this exact moment, you can draw the lines by yourself on TradingView to confirm that this technique works.
You should do it any way, don't take my word for it, I'm just a stranger from the internet.
You need at least two bounces in one direction to determine the trend.
>One peak in the opposite direction = it will bounce off the trend line.
>Two (or more) peaks in the opposite direction = it will break the trend line.
So you draw the line at the bottom of the wicks in an uptrend and vice versa in a downtrend?
Brb, off to make millions.
Fuck you and your trend lines I don't want to be smart, I'm fine to buy high and sell low.
seeing patterns where here are none is what crazy people do
Just make sure that the candles you choose as pivots for the trend line are forming the correct wick formation.Uptrend:>Left candle: Low higher than middle low.>Right candle: Low higher than both left and middle low.Downtrend:>Left candle: High lower than middle high.>Right candle: High lower than both left and middle high.And remember there's more to trading, you need to time your entries properly, manage your money right.
But overall this is very close to ceiling when it comes to TA, this knowledge will give you a huge edge.
i dont get it
Thanks OP, I'll DYOR some and see if my predictions work using this method, if they do I'll consider it to be at least partially true.What is it with brainlets and trying to FUD TA?
Are you just FUDing hoping to keep an advantage over others?
BECAUSE TA MEANS LITERALLY NOTHING
technical "analysis"
Does this make things clearer?
Just connect the wicks in your head with an arrow.
If they form this kind of a "peak", then you found your candle.
How do non ta Anons determine when to enter a trade?
HEART, GUTS AND SPIRIT
Sure thing, enjoy your FOMO and FUD powered trading.
Yes it does thank you
heres what you dobuy a real coinsleep good at night because your money is safe
Your first example does not follow your later rules.
It breaks with no opposing peaks let alone two.
Or are you including peaks in the opposite direction that formed before the first peak of the trendline?????
What time frame do you find works best OP
Ah, I forgot to clarify one thing.
Not all breakouts are real breakouts.
There are also fake breakouts.To be sure that you're dealing with the real one, don't enter the trade with only one peak, even if the candle closes above or below the trend line.
With one peak, it can go both ways, depending on how many times the trend line was tested.
Thanks for spotting this.It works on all time frames, really.
If you're thinking quick you could probably even make it work with options, but personally I'm too much of a pussy to risk it.
Realistically speaking, it depends on the margin of your broker and how much time you want to spend trading.
By actually understanding the market
That's why you see the support on Ichimoku and not on those trendlines shit.
but to be honest nobody draw a trendline like you did, even in the shittiest tuto.
git gud
Ichimoku is great, but it tends to give lots of bad signals in shorter time frames.
Also it's hard to precisely pinpoint entries with it, you're either late or wrong.Tutorials are bullshit.
They will sometimes show you how to draw proper trend lines, but never explain it.
But even that is very rare.
Rest of the time they will just tell you to connect the highest highs or lowest lows, or, what's even worse, fractals.
They will draw "pennants" and other weird shapes, which has some credibility to it, of course, so as long as it works for some people, more power to them.
What about when it's trading sideways?
It's never really sideways.
There are trends within trends.
Zoom in, look at shorter time frames.
This isn't just "noise".The idea that market is ranging 90% of the time and 10% of the jumping between ranges is very outdated.
It pretty much only applies to daily candles and maybe 4 hour candles.
It's a relict of older times, the paradigm has changed a as tools advanced.Keep in mind that overall most of the things that you'll find repeated over and over on the internet come from decades old textbooks and mouths of veterans who used to trade using pen, paper, and calculators.
Not to discredit them, the knowledge provided by them is still valid in most cases, and I can tell this with complete certainty because my father is one of these "veterans" and some things he sees on charts is like magic to me.But nowadays you can do things better, tools are faster, more precise, accessible, it's worth it to make the best use of them.
Fucking this.>Look guys, here is the trendline, be sure to only trade on breakouts>H-Haha, not on THAT breakout you dummy, that was a fake one as you can see on the chart two hours later
Did you read my posts?
The first image only illustrates which candles should be selected as pivot points for trend lines.
I didn't go in depth explaining how you should trade breaks or bounces.
I wasn't really planning on that originally.If you know how to draw proper trend lines, you'll already find tons of tips on trading using them on the internet.
The only thing that tutorials usually lack is the insight into how EXACTLY should you draw trend lines.
Depending on the tutorial, it's either "higher highs" or "lower lows" or "connect as many wicks as you can", which is total bullshit.
But how do you choose the price to buy in?
Thanks man appreciate the reply.