I've shilled this here, and I regret it.
Just sold off all my bags at a slight loss.
This isn't going anywhere anytime soon.They had new website - no pumpActual working product launch - no pumpDevcon conference address - no pumpReddit AMA - no pumpnow this last one was the final straw for me.
they had their AMA and guess what?
*nobody from the team cross-posted to the other crypto subreddits* somebody from the community had to do it for them.
and still, in the AMA, they refuse to change course on marketing, saying they have no problems with the current perceptions of the company.so, if an actual product launch cannot save this coin, it will be a LONG WAY until actual adoption (if that happens).
these guys simply refuse to do any marketing, too clueless to even understand.the product is great.
the team is extremely competent from a technical standpoint, but do not get fooled by that.
if you want to make money, do not buy this.
bump
bump2
i agree with every point in your analysis but not with your conclusion.
the only thing that has to change is the marketing team.
the product is already there and it's great, the tech team is likely the most competent in crypto.
the only thing that is boycotting them is the fucking marketing.
we need to push them to hire someone who can actually increase iexec's brand-recognition
On slack someone said they should hire a chinese to do some CM there (since it's a franco-chinese project and the chinese website is coming in december) but I don't know how to push them to spend shekels to be added on Binance.
that's my point though: they WON'T do that.
the problem is not solvable because they don't acknowledge there is a problem.
their current marketing guys are ALREADY their "hot aggressive marketing team" that they announced a few weeks ago.
can you imagine?
it's because they're egg-headed academics who are loyal to nice humble meek guys.
they don't have the marketing blood in their veins, and they are too stubborn to seek those who do.
bump3
bump4
That's not what they said at all.For anyone willing to do their own research and not listen to this fud:https://www.reddit.com/r/iexec/comments/7besol/the_official_iexec_ama_ask_me_anything_november_8/
"We are not worried about our visibility"what does that tell you?4 weeks ago they said they hired an aggressive marketing team... where are the results?
they refuse to even cross-post their AMA on reddit.
that's an unforgiveable level of neglect, incompetence, or laziness.
bump5
we're doing some progress on the slack, but the marketing team is literally made of retarded lazy numales.
for instance, we just posted a thread on /r/cryptocurrency and asked the betamale marketer to retweet on his twitter and he managed to retweed the WRONG REDDIT THREAD.
it's fucking awful, yes, but at least it shows that it's not a matter of marketing policy, but just of laziness.
the marketing team doesn't do shit while the tech-team does all the work and doesn't pay attention to what their colleagues do.
we can change that if we raise our voices hard enough, i'm gonna put as much effort as i can in shilling this coin.
it's too much of a good project to waste it because of lazy motherfuckers
des kheys du forum finance??
https://www.reddit.com/r/CryptoCurrency/comments/7bnp8y/the_iexec_teamrlc_just_did_an_ama_lots_of/upvote this thread, let's bring it on the frontpage
Oui khey
the hero we need, shill it brah
why do you think their marketers are so lazy and averse to action?
it comes from the top.
the whole company attitude is wrong - it's a beta mindset from the top down.
i see very little energy exuding from the project.
what do you think will happen if the AMA gets popular - have you read the responses?
totally vague and technical speak.
news of partnerships buried at the very bottom with no excitement or follow-up.
it's a good project, sure, but only in REAL LIFE terms, not crypto terms.
you put your money in crypto for a reason, right?
IExec will not take you there.
putain je me suis mis bien avec les alt c'est un truc de ouf ce qui se passe dommage que le fofo est down
bump6
bump7
"We are not worried about our visibility"It means that they are aware regarding the lack of visibility, but they aren't worried because their tech is leading in the world.
Sell now, or wait a couple of months.
again, i agree, but it's more easier to make to turn a startup of competent people with a bad marketing attitude into good marketers than turning incompetent startups with good marketing into tech pros.
if we can change their marketing attitude, this shit is gonna reach the golem marketcap in less than few weeks, so it's worth another try.
are you on the slack too?and btw it's not only a problem of the marketing team, i've seen this attitude among many RLC investors as well.
they seem to think that since RLC is a serious project unlike many other vaporware bullshits then it doesn't need any shilling.
the community is literally full of beta, both in the team and in the investor community.
we need to purge them and replace with some chinese master-race specimen
see?
that's the kind of investors with a delusional beta mindset i was talking about.
i bet you like to watch your girlfriend getting fucked by some bull too, don't you?
fuck off
yes i'm on the slack.
but what exactly can you do?
they've lost all momentum, they have nothing coming up except the launch of their app store in december.
if the actual v1 product launch did nothing, they have no hope to turn things around for next few months at least.
you can't bump your own threads idiot.keep fudding though, I'll buy in a few months I need the price to be lowalso buy Modum guys for short term profit (2 weeks to 3 months I guess)
so basically, buy now for solid gains in a few weeks.
Sounds ok to me.
>Has a random breakout>pump starts nowBetter catch your bags before you FOMO in any higher, anon.
You know exactly what this project is capable of.
the funny part is that these guys DO have china connections - one of their cofounders is a bigshot at tsinghua or somethingbut they refused to follow up on this potential, and have nothing to show for it.
they don't emphasize this connection, and more importantly, admitted they just gave up pursuing this path because of the china ICO ban.think about what another crypto would have done: they would have put in some legwork to develop a flimsy ass partnership with some chinese company, since they have the door wide open for them, and that news alone would send this coin 2x in a daythese guys just do not have the ability, or the intention, of doing marketing right in the crypto space.
they're not bad people, but this is bad for your money.
please tell me: what exactly is going to cause a pump after all 4 of the catalysts i described above FAILED to do so.
give me a reasonable explanation and i'll gladly buy back in.
i'm simply PISSED OFF because i lost all hope.
bump8
https://www.reddit.com/r/CryptoCurrency/it's finally on the frontpage, keep upvotingthat's not exactly true.
there's already a working product, it just needs to get adopted by developers.
almost no one is willing to sell this token at this price because all the investors are aware of its potential, so as soon as there's an increase in the buy order, you'll see it mooning very fast.
it's already going to be used with Request.
did you know that?
bet you didn't.
it'll get adopted behind the scenes, but they WON'T talk about it.
not until there's widespread or major adoption will there be a price increase.
it's not going to happen for 6 months+
source on that?
please tell me: what exactly is going to cause a pump after all 4 of the catalysts i described above FAILED to do so.The fact that crypto is a completely irrational market.
The fact that most other alts mooned today, and this had a large volume increase but has yet to actually pump any significant amount makes it look like a better opportunity for anyone looking to buy an alt today than things that are already up 30% and bleeding.That's my JUSTification.
I'm still holding.
I bought in at 8070 and I'm holding til at least 12k.
There is still price memory of 10k from last week and higher.
If it will moon, it will moon at least that far, and I don't care about trying to catch the top.
And once it gets there, it will probably go there again, and guess what: I'll be buying low again, because I know that once this project is accurately valued, it will be worth it.
4253054https://iex.ec/news/request/what fucking bullshit.
everyone knows about request, which is just a white paper.
NOBODY knows about iexec, which has a working product and 4 PhDs
I've been telling they were these last two days in iexec threads and got insulted each time.
You know what?
FUCK YOU!
I told we were going to hold bags !
JEAN-CHARLES CABELGUEN, Go-to-market strategies and international marketing.>WASSIM BENDELLA, Partnerships manager, marketing strategist, growth hacker.
FUCKIN move your lazy ass Jean-Karim !
reminds me of elastic, with a team... and a product, and baguette fag
amd look at the competitors, golem : lol, sonm : lol, xel : lmao, can't remember the other one...
I don't think the CEO is "beta", the guy is flying everywhere speeching its project whenever he can, you can feel he has passion when he is talking about it, he is shy but obviously driven.However it's almost guaranteed this guy is too cool with the CM/marketing team, he makes me think about this history professor who gives you good grades just because you are listening to him and asking question in class.
If I was paid to do the same job since 6 months the coin would be at twice its marketcap, I guarantee it.I laughed way too hard at this post.But I agree.
OP is low iq retard
alright faggots, listen up.
i'm thinking to open a discord for us /biz/raeli RLC holders.
if the iexec marketing team is too beta to do a proper job, we can do it ourselves.
who would join?
Me
I am in
I'm in
4252102>They had new website - no pump>Actual working product launch - no pump>Devcon conference address - no pump>Reddit AMA - no pump>no pump>no pump>no pumpI can see nothing wrong will all the green flags you've listed, pump-chasing retard.We told you in every thread for the past few months that this is a solid project and we don't want P&D puppets in it.
done.https://discord.gg/GZFesFYcome and join faggots, WE PAJEET NOW
news of adoption of their product that is out
in
Who doesn't want!
get to see their slack, tell me if the team is obviously again the idea?
No PnD I agree, but come on man, worth much more that the actual value, unironically
against*
Seems they just "forget" to communicate on their product
Pareil avec le WTC + 50 % :) :) Dommage pour le forum :( J espere qu il va reouvrir vite
Shity project, no company on this world want share critical data on blockchain....
lol see you on the moon boyo iexec just partnered with request network
lol.
someone is trying to push the price up
Me too
https://discord.gg/GZFesFYWhat about powerledger?
They used their ICO to gain funding, they could care less about current price of their coin.
I agree with OP, it is the same thing with SNGLS, there are better tokens for bigger returns.
Reallocate your investment if you can.
How is this out of too 100 lol
This screencap is going into cold storage, can't wait to whip it out again in a couple of years.
Most of you will have reached drinking age by then so will be able to drown your sorrows
this team needs to start teasing out news for the sake of 6 months stagnancy.
Like I mean really throw your investors a bone or something damnit and don’t give me some bullshit about we will when our product releases blah blah blah.
Do you idiots fail to realize that if u start spreading news now the powerOf word of mouth will exponentially travel to friends of friends of friends .U can get a head start on that now for fuck sakes
It's been 6 god damn months since ico and we"re still on only 1 exchange that's even remotely relevant.
I know that the ixec secs are reading this and u guys got to get ur head out of ur asses.
How the fuck does sonm get onto binance... Where the fuck were you guys.
Needed to get rage out fuck this is annoying