Wtf happened?
The devs said, and I quote>We don't believe in marketing, we believe in a strong product.Technology adoption is driven by persuading the public to adopt your technology.
The reason we use Ethernet today is not because it was superior to IBM's alternative, it is because Robert Metcalfe spent 5 years relentlessly marketing his standard to the public.
1 exchange + bitcoin uncertainty
the fuck is up with those decimal places and commas
he's a Europoor
you're a fucking idiot that's what happened
The public isn't the target market for ChainLink.
Enterprise business is.
So the devs need to market their product at, oh I don't know, somewhere like SIBOS.
Bell shilled the fuck out of DC and tried to make AC look dangerous as hell.
Even after all that marketing and character bashing on Tesla, because he happened to have an affinity for pigeons, AC is the way we power anything long distance.
Previous timeline that was much slower to move, but the superior product won out, pudgy may suffer the same fate as Tesla.
May god help him and linkies too
a coin with 1,000,000,000 supply is going to moon!
10 years from now we might hit $1!Congratulations, y'all just got Ripple'd.
I was correct then and I was correct now.
Always factor supply in before investing in a coin.
Hope you faggots learned your lesson (again).
I wish amerilards stopped being retarded and started using commas and periods properly and dumped the imperial system
he thinks the market cap for a platform agnostic decentralised oracle service will only be $1B in 10 years.Time moves faster than you think, friendo.
you are so fucking mad rigt now
if OMG can be where it is today LINK can certainly go way higher than $1 in like 5 months
>DGB>OBS>LINKIgnore the coins with cult like followings on /biz, simple as that
You were correct>Ripple went from 200M Market cap to 12B over the course of eight months>You are somehow intelligent
Delusional linkies
ETH?
what does OMG have?
a skateboard and a fast food partnership?do they even have a working product yet?
Chainlink only works if the nodes have valuable information that people wish to use.
What valuable information do you have to offer the network that would make Sergey give a single solitary fuck about you?The number of dicks you take in your ass every day?
The number of cocks you suck per minute?Unless you can somehow offer information that optimizes the speed at which Big Macs are able to enter his stomach then he has no reason to care about you beacuse the adoption of the network has nothing to do with you or anyone who doesn't have valuable information.
so some dumb schmuck like me cant run a node?whats the point of all this then?
the more link threads you make the further it will dropsimple physics
To bring smart contracts to the mainstream world.
Lets be clear here.
The only value Link has to the average schmuck like you is that you can sell it for a lot more later to people who actually have a use for it.
It's not passive income or a simple staking coin.
It has an actual use case that has nothing to do with anyone here.If you are buying Link now you are buying with the hope that in the future it will become valuable to people with more money than you can comprehend and that they will want yours.
4309971nodes can resell information obtained from APIs.
it's for smart people to run a node :^)
so I just load up the node with APIs and I get passive income?
If it hits mainstream those APIs are going have Link nodes that they own which will be able to undercut you easily because they aren't paying for every API call.
y'all just got Ripple'dso LINK is going 100x in 2 months?
muh skateboardOh, so youre just another brainlet hypetard.
Filtered.and that they will want yoursLike theres a lack of supply or something.. Sergey has 350m ready to hand out to anyone wanting to use the network (and another 350m for 'whatever').
The transaction fees are basically nothing and the node operators dont even receive the full amount.Chainlink definitely has a use case but its nowhere near as valuable as everyone would like to think.
He has 350m to hand out to people to get them running nodes, so that the network can be large and decentralised and, get this, valuable.And the final 300m go to him and his company so confer a direct incentive for him to make them valuable.
You seem like a bright fellow.
Tell me what coins would you suggest getting into?
What coins have a future that far outshines Link?You must know of them.
They are right I prefer that over pic relatedIt's gonna take longer but it's gonna come do not worry