Bullish pennant on NEO.Last chance to buy guys, this is it.
That's not how trend lines work, you can't combine a long time trend with a short time trend because you feel like it.
All in.
Congratulations on this.Seriously.
last chance to buy nuls before we blast off to the moon
Pic related is what's actually happening.
The support was already tested twice since the last break, which means it likely won't last, which will lead to either a fake breakout or start of a bearish trend.
I'm expecting a downwards trend, since the support for this channel is very young and should not be considered reliable.People, don't put your bias on the charts if you ever want to get anywhere.And in case OP is a shill, don't fall for it.
yup so its a perfect time to swap it for some nuls
nice meme lines
i'm not sure if any TA is helpful here since the whole situation is based on news that might come tomorrow
You're right.
I'm just pointing out that OP either has very little idea on what he is doing or he's shilling.
These Neo shills have been hard at work lately.Time to sell.
If you don't know TA, don't fucking do it.
You know that the meme "TA don't work in crypto."
was made to stop idiots like you trading off your shitty af TA.You are using 2 indicators, There is no way in hell you can predict a market move from a BB that is neutral.
And a MACD that is neutral as well.Your fucking trend-lines are not even fucking valid dude.But you want to know, what tilts me the most?Your fucking time-frame.
Don't be a 30min scalping faggot.
Use either all time-frames, or stick with one other traders use.In reality.
You have 3/5 indicating a bearish sentiment.You have 1/5 indicating a bullish sentiment.You have 1/5 indicating a neutral sentiment.
Pick your fucking poison, and get the fuck out with that bullshit you're sprouting.I'm here all week.
What's BTC looking like?
Daily(D) Last time I looked at it there was still room to move for the stochastic..Weekly(W) Still overbought to fuck.
But it been like that for the last fucking year.Personally I exchanged 28btc -> USDT+shitcoins with a sell order @ $7800