i can make water-tatoos now (they go away if you rub really hard) Anyone want some?
That forehead looks familiar
Include me in the screenkap.
LINK numba one!
I'll take some send it to my chancoin address.
when your hairline is creeping back at an ever faster rate
When I was 8 I tatooed a flaming skull on my forehead and it didnt go away for a week.my mom was so mad lolfuck you op
Calm down; just got my hair cut yesterday
i thought plushtard neckt himself
no, he jumped off a roof, a friend of his even caught a pic of the corpsebet you will find it if you google it
i aint googling shit u post me that pic right nowur just a LARP
I didnt save it and why would i waste time searching it for you
Kek who cut it for you?
Tell me, I'll get em for ya senpai
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA I CAN'T RUB MY CHAINLINK TATTOO OFF MY HEAD.
WHAT DID YOU DO TO ME OP.
JUSTED BY LINK AGAIN

did you deliver the plushies yet you fucking scamartist
Can you make a cute pink wojack bead keychain??
DUDE SEND THE PLUSHIES WTF JUST TELL US THAT YOURE GONNA SEND THEM WILL YOU PLS
4414209Because you literally exit scammed biz with your shady suicide story lmao
its the same fucking headfuck you plushtard should have killed yourself
Didn't you scam people on their plush purchases?
What did plushtard do?
I thought he was cool.
Fucker.
people sent him money for plushies he never sent them hes a faggot and i hope he gets culturally enriched by the imported merkelgold
lmao that only makes me like him morethose people are retarded
Literally his loss, he could've made fucking bank if he saw it through.
Kek
yes they were retarded but this little shit here has the audacity to fake his suicide and come back trying to scam moreby your logic you must like the pajeets too right that spam the board every fucking day
It's sergey!
Plushtard here, opening a thread, might wanna check that.
nah I don't like shitskins
if I did custom wood burnings would anyone buy?
yeah
>receding hairlineits over
yeah make one that says "die plushtard"send me my fucking plush you tard!
This thread got Gay fast
ok I'll post some examples, I have a few more plaques at home
other side of box
lmao anon stop i dont want to be haunted
driftwood runes
ANONN STOPP kek
it's ok anon... nothing bad will happen, just accept it...
Ph'nglui mglw'nafh Cthulhu R'lyeh wgah'nagl fhtagn
IT BUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUURNS
*inhales*OHNONONO
i have "inguz" tattooed on my chest