Do your grandchildren a favor and buy 1 btc while it's under 10k
I can't, it's too expensive.
years from now: "I wish I saved up and bought one when it was 8k, but now its too expensive"
But Bitcoin is still only $1350?
You think I don't know that?
I wish I wasn't a poorfag.
But I am.
And I can see it get further and further out of my reach every single day.
Fuck my life.
nice just realized bitcoin buys itself and it will go up even if you don't market itdon't ask me about liquidity though
he said Bitcoin, not shitcoin
you know you can buy fractions of bitcoin, right?
I know that, and I currently have them in alts so that I can try to accumulate at least 1 btc.
But last month really put a hurting on me.
I could have had 2.2 BTC.
But I got greedy, then so shellshocked from the loss that I just held.
I took profits wherever I could and put them into good alts that were low.
But at this point I'm not even looking to get back to 2.2.
I just want 1.1 so I can have 1 to sit on, and then trade with the other 0.1 to see if I can recover the rest with that.
arbitrary numbers will get you killed, stop being so stupid.
just set your wallet to display in different units if you're that obsessive.
the market doesn't give a shit about your goals.
I'm going to guess that English isn't your first language?
what an odd statement from someone who himself has a very poor grasp of comma usage.
why is my first language relevant here?
Because I have no idea what the fuck you were even trying to imply.
Just change my arbitrary numbers to different units of arbitrary numbers?
What the fuck are you smoking?
i want one of something, it's not worth having if i can't have one whole thingthis mindset is completely misguided in this space other than for people who want to exploit the simple psychology behind it and it hand-in-hand with similar dumb ideas like:>i'm only looking to buy coins less than $1>buying coins only because of a low circulating supply>they're burning tokens/halving blocks, this will cause a price spike regardless of demandyou can toggle wallet software to display in whole units or sub-units like satoshis or mBTC if you can't stand seeing a number 
it goes hand-in-hand*i'm smoking marijuana kush i have only a quarter of my regular brain cells left, don't do it son
grandchildrenkek not in this universe
4515331But how will I reach my goal of 21 BTC if I don't measure in BTC?
I've only got 2.6 BTC, but that'll do me well enough for nowPraying I can figure out what the true successor to BTC is and get in early and in large enough quantities
buy 5 of the new mining rigs and mine 5 btc in 2018 3 btc in 2019 1 btc in 2020 then you're fucked sorry