>had interviews yesterday at graduate assessment centre for investment banking analyst job>they said they'd get back to us on Monday with the result>going over the interviews in my mind - the best I've ever done in in person interviews BY FUCKIING FAR but that's compared to spergery in the past>go to the company's office in Canary wharf>had to do 1 bit of group work, 2 presentations and two interviews, one "strengths based" and the other technical>did really well on the group work, even better than the other guy I was with (in terms of presentation)>did mostly well on the first presentation but might have slightly missed the point due to but tried to salvage it>presented all the correct information in the second presentation but maybe not as well structured - still easily answered all the questions afterwards>had strengths interview where I was calm and answered all the easy questions>had technical interview with easy questions that I answered all correctly and with correct justification>asked relevant questions to all interviewersI can't bear this wait.
If I pass this I can have a giant rocket placed on my career path.
I can be like Patrick Bateman in coolness.
I instantly can walk around London without feeling ashamed of being around posh normies or Chads because I'll have a better job than them.
It will go some way to making up for my incredible ugliness.
Can you give examples of technical questions they asked?
I instantly can walk around London without feeling ashamed of being around posh normies or Chads because I'll have a better job than them.It probably won't change anything if you have shit goals and a shit personality.
lmao wagecuck
Its standard stuff for anyone with some commercial knowledge gained from reading some popular economics books and following the news.
You don't need an economics degree and the technical stuff they asked wasn't brainteasers or number related
No, most of my life's suffering is due to ugliness.
If I wasn't ugly I would have a much easier life and maybe friends as well
What are u going to do if u don't get this position?
I have interviews for other good positions.
I am waiting for a phone interview result for a job in oil trading.
I have two more interviews upcoming for jobs at pretty good companies that will give me good potential but won't be instant smugness and redemption
So you're some english idiot that wants to work directly for international jewry so you can walk around some muzzie infested shithole and feel superior?
If anyone on this earth should be considering suicide it's you.
can walk around London without feeling ashamed of being around posh normies or Chads because I'll have a better job than them.
It will go some way to making up for my incredible ugliness.I forget people like you exist.
You just fade into the background of my life.
Your face is a blur and you are not worth noticing.Find value in yourself that isnt involve a job title phaggot.
THen maybe you'll be more of a man.
>graduate position at an IB>Being so sure that your job is better than everyone elses
Is the job in M&A?
Which bank?
Only the normie tier shit ones are based in Canary Wharf like HSBC, Barclays, Citi etc.You need to work for a bank like Goldman Sachs if you really want to command respect, but I suppose working for one of the lesser banks is a good place to start.Where did you go to university and what degree?
Not prestigious and a non economics related stem degree.
But school grades matter in the UK for some reason which is why I got past the CV checksYes, people end up in one of m&a, debt capital markets, equity capital markets
i work in banking (asset management) in a european financial capital.
have to visit our clients (T1 banks) in CW 1-2 times a month.fuck i hate london.
goddamn shit city, and canary wharf is a soulless piece of shit.
worst are the risk floors where these 25-35 y/os work in open offices like small ants, and being the ants they are, each and everyone there is completely replaceable.anyway, im there to talk with the dirs or mds who have their own office at least.
crushes my heart to see these smart guys have akk either been jaded (the dirs) or having become complete psychopaths (the mds).
and the FO guys just work to finance their coke and party addiction and cry about only getting a $200k bonus.
fuck them.
Only the normie tier shit ones are based in Canary WharfJP morgan?Morgan stanley?