Small market cap - check < $1 million >Strong team - check < Scandiweb with clients such as Peugeot, Thomson Reuters, The New York Times, Walmart & many more >Long term vision - check <Amazon of the blockchain, anyone?
>Featured in:https://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/here-are-5-icos-that-are-worth-your-time-and-money_us_59f9a4f3e4b0412aab840c5f& many more!
Really hope this is trading at around ICO prices when it starts trading Guaran-fucking-teed moon mission if it does
Thanks for the tip anon!
What was the ICO price in ETH anyways?
About .000003 eth each.
Wtf?
This already has a working product and they're only asked for $1M?
Their team members look fucking stacked
Sure thing!
when will it start trading?
Why is small market cap important?
brainlet
Where can you trade this piece of a shit though, I'm interestef
It’s fucking crap look at the bitcointalk announcement at the beginning they wanted 50mil ico
I'm asking a genuine question, because I'm indeed a brainlet in this field
Which they reduced upon seeing the market sentiment.
I applaud them for doing this as other ICO's are still trying to raise $50 million.
https://medium.com/publicaio/3-top-reasons-why-publica-restructured-its-ico-during-presale-1d23c33030c5
they wanted 51mill lolNO ICO BUBBLE GUYZ
still cheeky ... if they can do it with 1mill why they wanted to have 51mill?
oh because it would have been an easy money crap :,)
To be fair, most ICO's want easy money and until recently it worked in thheir favor.
Buyers were begging to throw their money at them.
The ICO market is constantly adjusting to general market sentiments and buyers are less willing to throw money at some overvalued ICO only to see it dump once it hits ED.
Doing the right thing is important.
Publica showed good faith by reducing their hard cap.
They did well by their community in doing so.
More ICO's should raise less or reduce their hard caps or set a more realistic valuation.
So when does this hit ed?
December 7th?
More room for bigger gains essentiallyA 100 million market cap project is less likely to go x20 than a 1 million one