>LINK Moon imminent I hope you managed to accumulate enough LINK.
it's going back to 0.17
I hope you are right.
I want more motherfucker.
praise the laaaawd Sergey aaaaahhhh
I also have that shit still open in photshop, if you want me to add something to the OP picture pls just say it.I probably forgot some partnerships.
>He thinks chainlink is partnered with any of those companies Fuck off favela monkey
Fucking linkies...
I hope people are smarter than this
they arebeing so retarded that you don't understand that smart contracts are the future of financial automationBRAINLET!
coping this harddon't be mad because you didn't buy any anon :^)
Linkies literally this deluded So how bout that Morgan Stanley partnership right?
LmaoYou favela monkeys showed your hands a long time ago, can't trick any one now
Do I buy chainlink with Ether or bitcoin?
which one is cheaper in the end right now?
only whites and honorary whites are invested into LINK.Planning into the Future is a white mans trait.only retards hold no LINK right now.are you a retard?
Ether is cheaper and faster
buy ETH>send to binance account>buy LINK>withdraw LINK to MEW
Should i buy now or wait for (possible) dip?
Buy.
It only dipped because people sold off their LINK for BTC.
BUY BUY BUY ASAP OR GET LEFT BEHIND ON THE LAUNCHPADthat said, every LINK you buy under a dollar is a good investment that will soon quadruple.
Is this what biz has come too?>honorary whitesKill yourself.
Jew lover get out
Yeah.. underage south Americans and assorted pol trash have token over biz and are shilling for spare change So sad
why so mad poorfag?missed the 30% gains from today?mmh your ID is as red as a wojak.... delicious when poorfags miss out on fresh money.
>tfw have no money to buy more LINKfuck linkbros...
I need another month before this moons just wait for me
Thanks for mooning, im cashing out a Snikers
SYNAGOGUE OF SATAN
basically confirms no partnership>muh white peopleEven /pol/ isn't this retarded.
Oh wow you've come up 30% from the floor after bleeding 75% from the ath I bet you feel like such a great investor!
SoonChainlink is like 2 years away from being a top ten coin buddy.
I can see the future in this coin, so dont call me some bullshit fudder you deluded Linkers.
But lets be honest, Chainlink value is overvalued right now, and like 20 better coins to hold over the next 6 months.
Ill join ship in like a year, spam wojacks along side you then.
he isn't daytrading LINK to increase his positionpoorfag much?The Partnerships are all there.I actually even forgot to add the multi billion dollar pajeet company to the OP pic who tweeted about chainlink a few days ago.2 yearsat that point everyone who holds some nice amount of LINK will be a rich nigga.
I CANT GET INTO BINANCE FUCKING 2 FACTOR IDENTIFICATION REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
confusing swift partnerships with chainlinkhahahahahahaha
I bought at 17 centsI'm pretty happy now
chainlink is partner of SWIFT and you can read yourself what their Job is.
DELUDED LINKIES
chainlink is a technology being incorporated into certain swift services.
anything involving swift will not necessarily impact chainlink, and the SIBOS conference was proof of that.
Are these partnerships even real?
yesEvery interaction by big banks with Blockchain technology will happen through chainlink.