The more I due diligence I do, the more REQ I buy.
>Implying that you bought a coin without FIRST doing your due diligenceJFC
worthless erc20 shittoken
Haha Im never Going to stop buying thiszI bought some at ICO.
Then basically rebought every week or so.Still 100% sure there will be a pump to at least 0.1 or maybe 0.15Which is still so conservative considering it’s market cap and product reach but hey, times are weird!
4278772You don't need req tokens to benefit from the network plus they aren't a store of value
what earth are they use for then?
They are used for the network, but the network is designed in a way that allows for other blockchain technologies to utilize it.
$1 when?
Drop some juicy facts please
it's PayPal but betterwhat more do you need?
Key-word: useLESS
FUD.
Tokens are required to operate a gateway and are burned during operation thereby appreciating in value.
development team already proven with moneytis>only blockchain startup to be vetted by ycombinator, one of the largest and most successful tech incubators in the world (they only accept roughly ~3% of applicants)>realistic goals to be cheaper, more efficient paypal that can be utilized by other blockchain technologies>little to no price action after it hit exchangedThe only issue is that it is only a whitepaper coin at the moment, but the proof of concept is being released before the end of the year, and the development team has shown to be capable.
Compare it to other projects like tenx, omisego ect to see how undervalued it is atm.
Anyone trying to shit on this coin is a $130 portfolio holding 5 I.Q.
pajeet.
I'm not going to throw retarded forecasts out there like Linkies "$50 after Sibos", what I will say is this token will be 0.50c by mid 2018, then up from there.
come on m8$50BYFEBRUARY
Kids.
Perfect example.
Never do drugs.
welp back below ICO guysit's over
I have sold everything.
This thread opened my eyes, the REQ tokens are uselss.
kek
Except they're not...?
Just read this thread.
They are explaining it very well why the REQ tokens are uselss.
Sell now or you will regret later.Neither the burning mechanism nor the staking are making any sense, you don't need any tokens to utilize the payment Network.
;')
you need req to make transactions, they are then burned.
it says this in the white paper.
so are REQ and LINK the same thing just for different industries?
They're completely different.
Req team has stated they will explore using Chainlink for their oracle though.
Whatever.. it's just tanked to shit again
Certain transactions require req tokens, idiots.
Special features like escrow, down payments, require tokens
Link is the centralized pendant to REQ.
But it's kinda the same result.
You don't need any tokens.What else should they write?
Hey, we have a great idea, please give us money and you get useless tokens?
Yeah obvious.
People start realizing how shitty this token is.
40M for a WP project.
We need some legal boundaries to forbid sth like that.
i agree.
the difference here though is yc backing it.
incredibly low acceptance rate of projects so you know they did some vetting and they have a great track record.
In the near future, instead of using a third party, you’ll create your request directly on the blockchain which will enable a seamless payment experience.
This process carries a number of benefits:It will be cheaperIt will be more secure because you won’t share your financial informationIt will be easier to pay, thanks to the blockchain interoperability between the payee app and the payer appAnd this is just the beginning; Request builds upon this concept even further.Request works with every currencyRequest enables accounting in real timeRequest improves financial audit with smart algorithms on the blockchainMost interesting is the fact that Request allows machines to pay each other within a standard frameworkThe network consists of 3 layers.
The core layer includes the most fundamental smart contracts used to create and detect payment requests.
The extensions layer adds taxation and business rules.
Finally, the application layer allows financial organizations to access invoices and facilitate payments.The bottom line is that not only do we know how to implement such a process, but we have already created a working prototype.
Our team has been working on payment networks and blockchain since 2014, and we are backed by ING bank and the YCombinator which provide valuable advice.
To make it big you have to take risks about which coins you think have upside potential.
I'm willing to risk it all on this one.
I literally went all in and am in the top 100 hodlers.
I don't see any better coins out there for several reasons:>Professional team - doesn't fuck around trying to create false hype like OMG, but are instead doing regular updates and recognise the need to be on more exchanges even though they believe DEXs are the future.
They also stated that anyone could DM a team member if they had questions/concerns about the project.>They already have a product and clients - check out moneytis.com, the team has stated that they all clients currently using moneytis will be transferred over to request.
They have also stated that no more time is being spent on moneytis, all time is being spent on request.>Their project is needed.
This is auto auditing and accounting, and opens up a whole new way to pay, rent and get paid using continuous invoicing.
Think about if you're on a salary at work, then every second more money will be going into your account, and money will be coming out for rent, electricity, phones, car repayments, etc.
You won't have to worry about getting large bills and finding the money.>They have a roadmap on how to get companies and governments to use their platform to port their tax systems over to through incentives bounties and taking a large cut of the fees ran through the contracts they create.>They are backed and funded by ING and Ycombinator and they aren't able to tell us the details of either partnership as of yet.>A portion of the tokens used as fees are burnt, and they have stated their will be an opportunity for staking after plasma/casper are implemented.People get rich by backing companies with good fundamentals from ground zero.
I feel like I've got a good chance to make a very good return on this and am going to try and take it all the way.
Feel free to think differently.
People start realizing how shitty this token is.
40M for a WP project.Yeah seems likely that that'd happen all at once, pajeet.
Seriously, this coin has been steadily pumping all week and then tanks right before highly anticipated news?
I'd be willing to bet wales are getting ready to accumulate.
omisego hit 1 bil marketcap with no product and its unlikely it will have a product until years laterjust look at what happened to bitcoin lightning, it took years to work on and still isn't done yet, so imagine how long something that claims to scale up to BILLIONS of transactions/s will take
It's always the mighty whales.
Drop = whale accumuluation timeStagnation = accumuluation timeIncreases = whales accumuluation time
Honestly, you guys have no clue.
You don't even know how big REQ will be.
By this time next year, your life will change dramatically, and for the better.All you have to do is keep holding.
And buy more, while you can.
These prices are a gift, a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity.
We found out about this way too early.
It will be so surreal when you start seeing this in advertisements on television, and on fliers in banks, and when you hear famous news anchors mention it by name.You will feel a genuine sense of pride.
This is what it looks like to buy in the early stages, before it's on anyone else's radar.
This is what it looks like to do your due diligence.
This is what it means to invest in a big thing before it's big.
You will make it.
What does this look like to you?
m8 ive only got 10k REQunless this thing is a BTC level moon my life aint changing at all