we warned you but you would not listen.low marketcap + solid team + pumping with NEO + actually useful + not hyped yetthis coin will easily join the top 30
Listing on Bittrex end of this month too right?
Name?
Loopring (LRC)
Loopring
whoever posted this shit while i was accumulating fucked up bad
dump incoming.
be careful bois.
hmmm should I buy in?
i have 1000 dollars
yeah it literally just dumpedgreat time to buy
that's a rumour so we don't know
Yep, someone took profits and I would do it.
The marketcap is still 50M and the ROI chance is great.
I'm actually quite pissed too.
I had 1k in earlier but was about to move 15 or so this morning.
Some fuckers started shilling it realizing the neo connection and not realizing that they don't have to tell people to profit off this shit.
Idk /biz is usually pretty good about not giving away the game but this time they done fucked up.
Probably because BTC pumped a bit.
4433984why does a dump translate to a great time to buy?I'm a newb.Won't the announcment in 3 days thats going to hurt neo also hurt this?
or will this continue to go up and go up even more when its on bittrex?
Buy low sell high, fuck me you’ll fit right in here!
the normies have arrived...Ok..the news is supposedly good for NEO but all news means dump.
Free best piece of advice you'll ever need: buy the rumour, sell the news.
4434204I'm a newb but i've been watchin coins since sub 2000 btc.neither of you answered my question very well.the price went from .13 cents yesterday to .18 cents why would I buy .18 cents unless it's going to continue going up?
Is it or will it drop back to to what it has been chilling at .13-.14, I would have bought coins earlier but I was waiting for my deposit to clear.I almost bought powr then I realized it was a shitcoin.
I want to get into this It's looking like it may be an easy 5x-10x
The price is stable in the 14 cent to 18 cent range.
During BTC fud/bear markets, LRC will dip into the 15-16 USD cent range.
The future value of this is enormous and if you're in this for the long haul, it won't matter if you buy at 14 cents, 18 cents or 20 cents.
It'll hit $1-2 in 2018 with proper news and 'hype' which is continuing to build each month.
As always DYOR.
I used to own LRC when it was on HitBTCIt is an interesting concept but in order for people to give a fuck, it really needs some hard core shilling by NEO.I've talked to the founders on slack and theyre a bunch of moronic chink faggots.Without DaHongFei actually shilling his involvement, I don't think this coin will go anywhere.That dumb photoshopped e-mail of Da supposedly saying "I confirm I am advisor" doesn't mean shit.The whole minor connection of CoZ will "publish articles" w/ LRC or whatever the fuck is dumb and useless.
That doesn't mean shit.Until they have something of substantial value, I don't think this coin will do anything.
/biz/ made it pump
guess I'll wait thenYeah I don't really understand this mentality here either and I've seen it over and over on here and couldn't tell if it's a meme or not.
As if posting something on biz will affect the coin price.
4434626There's multiple millionaires here, its just a meme that everyone's a poorfag.