Biz rewards thread!ITT we post about all the cool shit we buy with our gains instead of posting pink wojacks or jacking off to pirated Blacked.com videos.
I made 800k in 6 months and have cashed out 150k... Sure maybe I should keep it invested but the market could crash hard, and also I want to have some fun while I'm young.I bought a ton of John Varvatos and Fred Segel clothes.
Varvatos uses some of the most comfortable, airy fabrics I've felt and it's great for casual and semi-formal.
I wore a Fred Segel shirt to a bar last night and a drunk bitch couldn't stop rubbing it.
Bought a bunch of Ralph Lauren and Ted Baker outerwear, an Zenith and Omega watch, and like 8 true religion jeans.I'm moving to Barcelona later this month for 7 weeks.
Got a nice little airbnb there and plan on eating nice foods and meeting some of the locals, maybe have a little spanish fling, if not I'll just bang hookers.I gave my parents 10k in cash, that felt nice.I've eaten at a few michelin star restaurants.
I'll just take a pretty girl out I meet on tinder there and act like it's nothing and it's ME who wants to try and she's just along for the ride.
Guaranteed lay every time, and I get to eat amazing food.I bought an awesome gaming computer, the most upgraded macbook pro, a 1500 computer chair, new desk, 4k monitor, 4k 60 inch tv, a ps4 and like 20 games, new furniture for my pad.
Just have been upgrading my life.What have you bought so far?
Recommendations?
Let's start a high end buy thread :)
i cashed out 220k after tax and put it all up my nose in two months.
and here you are seeking validation from anons.
You are an empty husk.
Money and "nice" clothes won't fix that.
make a million>give your parents $10k to sharelel
Stop buying shit you don't need.
nice trips, how do you even get good cocaine?
I'd probably start trying some but I don't know anyone who could get pure shit.
I'm actually seeking new, cool things to buy.
Whether it be clothing brand recommendations, tech gadgets, vacation packages, etc.
I was hoping to pool together Biz's knowledge since I'm sure there are very interesting people here who have made money.
Sorry you're too low IQ to make it big in a time where it was basically impossible too lose.
No joke but a fleshlight then mod it.
Get the super ribbed version, then put tape around the pink sleeve to make it really tight.
Then tape the bottom cap part so no air can escape.
I promise you that this feels better than anything a woman can do to you.
i wouldnt recommend anons in your position to get into hard drugs.
youll start chasing higher quality and larger quantities.
mix in with the wrong crowd.
then get kidnapped and all your btc stolen.
go to africa and pay some poachers to take you hunting rhinos.
maybe even hunt a few nigs too.
I'd do them but I can't find high quality sources.
I'm going to do any coke that's been stepped on with baby aspirin or whatever the fuck else.o...ok.
I've heard of an island near Australia where you can eat human meat at restaurants, know anything about this?
Here is a good thing to buy: time with a therapist.
He or she can help you figure out why you are trying to fill that void and what that void might be.
ausfag heremanus island
I don't have a void.
I come from a nice family, and well educated, had a great job (I quit), and now just live a baller lifestyle.Just because I want to buy awesome shit and think people on this board will have great ideas, since many of you have probably made as much if not more than me, doesn't mean I have a void.Eventually I will calm down, but right now I just want to fuck and buy shit because I've never had such a high amount of disposable income that I've earned so easily.
manus islandI can't find any information about eating human there.
Does google block search results?have you been?
or tried human?
Become my friendI'll get you the best coke, Amsterdam, antwerp!
i'll go partying with you in Berlin, where the best techno and kinky partys are!
and then fly to Warschau to fuck the hottest bitches around
I live in NYC, it's pretty good here too.
OK.
Enjoy being a "baller".But ask yourself this:.
Why do you feel the need to justify yourself to me, an anonymous person on an anonymous discussion board?
Good partys thoughWe have clubs in berlin that stay open from friday till monday, Yes, more then 48 hours of House and techno, and clubs where people fuck on the dancefloor and run naked, everybody is with 5 people in the bathroom stall doing drugs and fucking.
I know NY is cool, but this kinda shit you probably only find in Some obscure underground room there, here it's normal
Jealousy is fun, isn't it?
Because I needed to bump this thread, and figured I'd respond to your accusation instead of just saying "bump"Look at all we've accomplished so far, we now know where to eat people.
clothes are fucking scam dude,vthat $300 maison margiela t-shirt costs $3 at walmartwe're all anti-materialistic jews here so you won't have much company
nice clothes are definitely not a scam.The scam is that clothes in general is produced for very cheap, despite it's quality.
It probably takes $15 to put a $300 Varvatos shirt on the rack, and like 50 cents or less to put a $10 walmart shirt on the rack.
So either way you're getting scammed.Nice clothes are important.
You don't have to dress like a total chad faggot, but a young male should wear nice clothes.
It really... REALLY helps you get laid.
bump
BOATSSTOPPED
I'm still poor but once I make that much money I plan on buying a brand new 2018 corvette stingray in the black rose color.
I've had my eye on it for a while.
I just want land in a nice areaso I can have a place to escape from all the filthy degenerates
Started at the beggining of this year with literally $50.
Now I have $50,000 and that’s in a european country with $600 monthly average wage.
So far bought an iPhone SE, few good brand clothes so I don’t look like a poorfag anymore, upgraded my PC and bought few smaller things for my parents.In overall I spent around $2000 and I don’t plan to spend much more.
May withdraw 20% though if BTC goes to 10k.
how'd you make your money
Only have 1 grand to play with, whenever I make profit it all goes to kush and other shit I probably don't really need.
Building an 11th to 15th Century Castle.
Century depends on the amount I make.
About 10k from bitcointalk airdrops and the rest from creating my own shitcoin.
Also forgot to say I just turned 18 few months ago so for my age my net worth is already in the top 1% for my age.
At least buy some land and get it power and water line ready.
yes and no, but was offered.
Have not cashed out a dime from crypto so it's always in the back of my mind that I could leave this scam with nothing.
I'm gonna buy the trailer frame and materials to make a custom one of these as a side project in my slow weeks.
Pic related.
But mine will be even comfier.
i lost my life savings so no baller lifestyle for me because im a retard who lost his life savings in shitcoins
exactly.
this is one giant ponzi scheme that will evaporate if governements really decide to drop the hammer.Enjoy it while you can, fellas.
Furthmore, I want to make the inside like a cyberpunk mobile battle-station.
Sort of like pic related, but with a dedicated gaming chair, and neon lighting and shit.
And obviously inside the camper.
Thoughts?
only right way to spend it.
you sound like a 15 year old
.
Fuck you pal.
I can have a comfy teardrop trailer, built with my own two hands.
If I want.
Uppity cunt.
at least buy beyerdynamic headphones, no gaming headphones
noted.
now that was a more pleasant exchange.
will gladly take any other superior Battle-station suggestions if you have any.
a Filco mechanical keyboard
Was thinking of going for a cyberpunk or steampunk theme.
Think this would this fit the bill for the latter?
What gains?
more steampunk build references now.
Satan pls go, literally no way to consume that much snow in that amount of time.
do you have family op?
have you gotten them anything?
lol that's where refugees are sent after being detained at sea and such
heard from a good friend that beyer dynamics are rather for boradcasting/recording than enjoying music.
look into bowers and wilkins headphones
?