As a new fag who started in October, I have to ask, what caused the huge boom in the middle of 2017 where every coin spiked 10-100x in terms of price and volume?
Subsequently, can we count on a boom as large taking place again in 2018?
Was it seasonal?
people bored because bitcoin only doubled in 6 monthsthat was itonce bitocin calms the fuck down maybe we can get some real altcoin gains again because the second a micro alt that we used to love (bitbean, PIVX, ANS) starts to get momentum bitcoin has a 5% up[ day and crushes all the momentum
So people flocked to alts because BTC was too slow % wise?
But BTC spiked too during this time, A LOT.
That doesn't explain why EVERY COIN skyrocketed during this year
% in bitcoin is nothing when shit like bitbean and reddcoin went 100x in a week.
also>implying neets on biz could afford bitcoin when it was 700$>implying we all didn't buy digibyte and verge instead because we're all poor as fuck and ended up making ridiculous gains
By that time many 'new' people to crypto had made mad gainz with ETH and were compounding their wins by reinvesting it in other projects.
Cheap coins https://web.archive.org/web/20170103043616/https://coinmarketcap.com/
Donald Trump and Brexit.The only thing that can take crypto down is a coordinated international effort, with the UK pulling out of the EU and Trump pulling the US out of the TPP the chances of that happening dropped to 0%.Also fears of the stability of the dollar and euro made a lot of people flee to crypto as a better store of value.I can expand on this a lot if you want.
muh god emperor trump made crypto go up!!
!Shut the fuck up retard keep it on your kike loving containment thread
45225564522521Thanks for the answers.
How about the summer?
Did the fact that all the NEET-bros were on vacation with nothing to do but pump coins all day add to it?
Did the fact that all the NEET-bros were on vacation with nothing to do but pump coins all day add to it?There was a month straight of people pumping absolute trash coins on yobit from nobid to 10 sat.someone unironically put like 5 ETH into kidscoin at 9 sat
5 ETHSorry, I mean BTC..
you can still do these gainsjust buy doge at lowest point and wait for the pump
Trump is an idiot, but he is a useful idiot, as I said before nationalist demagogues are a good thing for crypto, if you actually read what I wrote and used your brain you would understand easily.
nationalist demagoguesSuck a dick kike lover.
Hedgefunds, or specifically - their individual members started investing their own money in.
Read about the billionaire who pumped 10% of his money into crypto.
The future for crypto is bright, I'm long BTC, BCC, ETH, XMR and ARK
>tfw bitbean earned me so much moneyThanks based bean
Enterprise Ethereum Aliance news in Spring was the catalyst for it all, look back at the time frame and you'll see
Isn't that his appeal, that and the corporate take-over of public assets going on behind the scenes?
So what are the odds such a boom will happen again?
You're incomprehensibly retarded
Brexit happened in June 2016, what are you talking about?
ICOs became popular for the first time basically,also exchanges trading alts were more available and easier to use (Polo, Bittrex without ID verification) so a lot of pseudo-normies got in