
DELET THISN I WANT CRASHING
shhhh I need more time to accumulate
I see it as well... bought back in a few hours ago when it dipped to 1200.
Btc bouncing off 8000 for the third time, this should be fun.
Fully expecting a top of 1500
Yeah right op no one wants your b-bagsEveryone knows it was a p-p-pump and d-d-umpS-s-ell your bitcoin cash NO SERIOUSLY FUCKING DON'T BUY IT, LET IT GET CHEAPER FIRST YOU MOTHER FUCKER.
bittrex freezes everytime i go there
Ah everyone in this thread is a piece of shit.
I fucking hate you guys, I don't know how much effect this thread in /biz/ will have on actual prices, but I'm scared it will skyrocket now and I didn't accumulate enough.
literally 060% of the volume is on korean exchanges
People are catching on after that last dip to the 800's
t.brainlet, why are we expecting price to go up in short term?
And 40 percent isnt, what's your point exactly
Who else fucked off back to fiat thanks to this retarded civil war?
We don't, we expect it to drop to ZERO NOW GO AWAY FAGGOT
that the majority of holders arent english speaking
>buy right before btc is about to pumpbrainletwojak.gif
Again..... what is your point exactly?
I went to flat 3 days ago I sold everything
That biz doesnt effect the price you fucking dumbasswatch your tone next time kid
he doesn't know its about to jump to 3k tomorrowkek
I can't predict any movements now that BTC is close to ATH and BCH refused to die like it was scheduled.
Due to high value BTC has to move extremely high to generate profits and BCH is too risky and unpredictable to invest into.If I have to choose BTC or BCH, I'm choosing USD or preferably EUR due to 9 cents SEPA transfer via Kraken (I love America but your banks are Zimbabwe tier, get this right ffs americunts it's pissing me off).
BTC pump> massive sell wallok.jpg
4439474Who said anything about /biz effecting the price?
I thought this place was to just talk, who believes a thread here will move the market?
I'm just saying what I see, and you still haven't said what your point was with any of those posts
Read the posts dumbass.
You asked a question.
Look at who I was talking to
This, is a fact.
This is what these threads should have more of.
Look at the facts, move accordingly, make money.
Why do some people get so attached to a coin like it's their favorite football team?
We're all here to make money, leave the coin rivalries for the normies who come in, rise above that bullshit.
4439526Oh, Youre new
no thx
You're literally retarded.
Sorry, I had no idea.
No, just tired of the bullshit here sometimes.
Don't get me wrong, this place has value but there's so much shit to shovel through sometimes.
Really hurts the fee feeslearn to read next time and maybe I wont yell at you
I'm sitting here mad that I didn't try and double dip this thing.
I was actually going to abandon ship but now I'm hodling until 2k.
IS 2.5 BCH ENOUGH TO GET RICH???
I bought at 1040
Welcome to the game
Depends on how long you hold for.Check out this link: https://www.yours.org/content/bitcoin-cash--a-reflection-on-how-far-we-ve-comeIt's been around for 3 months, in that timespan it:> Toppled Ethereum> Surpassed BTC's volume> Made every altcoin in the market bleed red> Gained more than $30BN in one dayIf you know anything about trading, anything that goes up this abruptly has to come down.
It has to, there is no way to avoid that.However, BCH has proven itself to be a real player in the game, and it's not going away.Hold until Coinbase supports it and profit a lot.
Check out the r/btc subreddit for tons of new daily updates and news about the development of the coin.This has a strong and growing community rallying behind it, it's young but it's already the 3rd ranked coin in the marketplace, and can easily gain #2 with just a small price rise.2.5 bch isn't that much, but you'll make it.
https://www.yours.org/content/bitcoin-cash--a-reflection-on-how-far-we-ve-come-f0cfe4e9950fWhoops, did not post proper link