GET IN HERE BEFORE YOU MISS THE NEXT MOON MISSION FAGGOTS
Too late.
I sold half my Monero at $127 expecting it to drop back again too.
The Justing never ends.
it's not really the moon if you're there, pajeet.
Too latelook at the volumeno one even noticed yet
UP $2 SINCE POST

patience is the key to succes
Once bitcoin has fully anonimized transactions xmr is worthless.
Be careful anons, this coin will come dropping down very very hard eventually.
*starts to moon a little louder*
i own a bunch, but this shit needs to wait to moon so i can dump my neo gains into it
XMR and MOD mooning.
Feels good desu.
Buy @ 98$Comfy as fuckkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa i'm gonna make itttttt
oh pajeet, you say the dumbest things all the time.
anonimized transactions btcfucking kekd
no
Oh fuck, when do I short!?
Ill see the pink wojacks in time.
No problem.
I made it anyways anon.Good luck.
i think mods need to put flag of origin in biz.need to know who the chinks and pajeets are
this
shits going to explode when hardware wallets come out to support monero.
people will liquidate from exchanges, causing a shortage in supply.
explode, as tank or rise?
% agree, i've been waiting to withdraw my XMR from exchange to Ledger for a while now.
street, as in toilet or commode?
Would it be worth it to build a miner to start accumulating more xmr?
don't be dumb.
Withdraw your xmr to a safe local wallet while ledger is working on it
Yep.
FOMO will be insane, there isn’t another coin with as many steady holders as monero.
Look at their reddit page its all people that intend on holding untill it hits at least $1000.Theymos (owner of bitcointalk and bitcoin reddit) even said XMR was the only other coin he considered original and usefull enough to hold besides BTC.
How many of you are pajeets getting paid to shill?
wouldn't know buddy, i don't shit in the open like a savage.i use a toliet that was first invented by my ancestors in scotland 5000 years ago.
funny how indians still dont use them 5000 years later.
How poor are you is the question?
"Quote from: theymos on July 07, 2016, 04:21:58 AMI do think that Monero is probably the best altcoin right now, since it actually does something major that Bitcoin doesn't, even if its scaling is terrible and it'll probably be replaced by a Bitcoin sidechain someday.
Achieving Monero-style anonymity for everyone should be a long-term goal of Bitcoin."
bless your heart.
get a load of this retard :D
SOLD RIGHT AT THE TOPFor once everything went right.
Now I just have to dive back in.
What's wrong with the cli wallet?
I made a little over 1.3 million € since 2014 from crypto's.
How poor are you?
just use the monero software wallet?
buckle up!
its not a day trade.cant get much luck with day trades, unless theres a massive pump like bth had.
which is rare.
probably wont happen again.basically have to watch the rates all day.
shits going to explode when hardware wallets come out to support moneroledger will probably have some support for it before eoyat least devs are working hard on it
so much this
Bitcoin will develop to be superior in ano transactions in the next year(s).
Going to be fun to see pink wojacks :).
looks like you invested in btc early oni was unfortunate not too.
i should have
until then, moon mission to 300 USD
next year before then its already centralized, also some ta if monero breaks 138 set your target at 240
is anyone here over 20
I expect $240 end of this month.
Look at how much the total market cap has risen since last time XMR spiked.
It was $64bil when XMR hit $150, this time the total market cap is $230bil.
Yeah after years in crypto I can tell you that TA is close to useless.
I will dump everything if we hit $150.
from crypto'sFrom crypto's what?Too bad you didn't buy yourself an education with that money.
TA nerds, is it looking like it'll drop sub 127 again or should I buy back in now?
4430541ask the guy above he might have some gambling skills
'i get the feeling there's a whole bunch of 14 yr olds larping /bizinvesting their pocket money
Bitcoin will develop to be superior in ano transactions in the next year(s)oh yeahsmartcontracts to replace eth, anonymous transactions to replace monero, some other shit to replace everything elsebut in reality it's the same bitcoin that forks every time it can't reach consensus on any topic
You might as well shake a magic 8 ball
Huh, it came back "All in".
yessssssssssssssssss
Hurrr Durr my ancestors shitted in a toiletyeah probably cause they were ashamed of the size of their micropenises to shit in front of everyone else
no, because it's freezing in the orkney islands
your due for your afternoon nap, run along.din dins is at 5, then your bath, bed time story and in bed by 7 tonite, you've had a big day.
There you have it!
Exactly as scientific as TA and no less reliable, either.
If this holds much longer I don't think I can hold out despite it being at such a high.
purchase goes through and it immediately bombsE-every time, what the fuck.
just assume that will happen and only buy in where you are okay with it because it will likely retrace up later on in the day.
XMR is going to be buzzing like crazy this weekend.
Saudis are in church today trying to figure out what to do with their money.
Can confirm
Yeah I'm ok with it.
I jumped out at a high value, then back in for the same amount of XMR at a lower value.
The difference was slim, I probably should have been a little more greedy.
But I'm still better off than if I'd not noticed it mooning at all, so I'm not too upset.
just bought in more with this mini dip
what if i made a trade that wasn't a losing one?
what would happen to me?
XMR has a lot of good press right now.
I think it will be the number 2 hodl coin for most people over the next few months.
Which means it will go up slowly with a few small bumps.
Just need a few more bankers and politicians to name drop it because it is so dangerous and used by criminals.
That always attracts people
I'm considering moving more into it, only 4 XMR right now.
So hard to choose, ETH is looking like it has a promising 2018 too.
Bitcoin will develop to be superior in ano transactions in the next yearno it won't and monero would still be superior for privacy.
hold both.
MOOOOOOOOODDDDDDSSSSSSS!!
!HesRightYouKnow.pngDo this nao, plz.
you realize that Monero = Cryptonote and its not a stupid BTC fork?So they have to come up with their own cryptography, could takes years, if ever with all the hard fork drama over at BTCMonero will have reached outer solar system by then
This.
There is still work to be done on Monero but the old adage that "Monero is more Bitcoin than Bitcoin" has never been more true.
I put 25% of my portfolio in monero.Will I make it, guys?
Cool, now sell the 75% and invest it in Monero.
TERRORIST BUCKSBUYING MONERO IS LITERALLY BEGGING KIM JONG TO NUKE YOU AND YOUR FAMILYSTICK TO COMPLIANT CRYPTOCURRENCIES!
red id Opinion invalid.
shittedi read that in an indian accentpajeet detected
Hodlings?
I'm been holding since 38 with 25 xmr tokens
Yessss
250$ till eoy
Monero will reach 50% of BTC MC in 2 years (which will be at 2 trillion then)screencap this
love XMR can't fucking stand fluffy pony tho.would gladly pay all my XMR to smash his brony face in.
4434011doneI'd suck his clip clop dick thanks to all the dough hes made me
been holding since $11.
sat through some shitty crashes desu
this
Got pretty angry with that "announcement", but after a while I've understood that it was actually a good thing, scared away lots of the aggressive traders.
Gave the coin more time to develop.