Give your single best piece of advice for being a good leader.
learn how to say no to people
Depends on what your ultimate goal is in terms of country governance.
Buy high, sell low.
Give progressive criticisms, not regressive
Be "literally Hitler"
Love the pain and be an absolut scrupelous asshole when it comes down to destroying people in your way or when going for what you want.
Most people are weak and retarded, we live in a pussy society full of bullshit.
Don't truet anyone and put money and the mission first, burn people if neccessary and dont feel bad for it.
Source: actual real life success
Clearly decide what you want.
Why not invade North Korea and start WW3.Everybody wins!
Never turn the other cheek.
Always hit back.
I don't want this to sound too cheesy, but here it is...Being a leader means giving up the idea of yourself or your own best interests for the collective best interests of those who are following you.
If you can minimize your ego as much as possible, and truly care about those around you, the direction you choose to lead becomes easier to see.
Lol, larping NEET.
The most important thing is: Hire the right people!
Align responsibilities to appropriate people.But that's a bit of a cop out answer, the most important on the job advice is: tailor the way you communicate your strategic imperatives and tactics to the sensibilities of your audience without compromising on the content of the message.In other words - be consistent with what you want, but express it different for each team/situation.4408150These are good
>Delegation is the art of getting second best-Bernard Charles Ecclestone, formerly Britain's Richest Man
bump.
probably the most consistent advice would be to be 6ft+ if youre a man
Don't let emotions get in your way.And, be a good example to everybody.
The three main qualities of a leader, in my view, are:1) Oratory: being able to express your thoughts clearly and unambiguously.2) Having balanced views on contentious issues (e.g.
politics, religion, etc).3) Being able to settle disputes between your team members.
Muh Hitler

Be white.Don't be a woman.
If you are a leader, I imagine you have some main goal you desire to rich in mind, and that’s why you command others.The most fundamental advice I can give you is: you must be willing to sacrifice anything and anyone to reach that goal, even when doing so sounds unethical.
However, it’s usually useful to look like a good person to others, so be careful with that.Also be willing to take risks.
Carefully planned, calculated risks, not random shit you think that might just work.
But be willing to take risks nonetheless.But really, the most important thing is to put your goal above everything else.
Understand that, without reaching that, everything else was meaningless.
You need to overcome or remove any obstacles to make it happen, so be willing to sacrifice all that it takes and never lose sight of the bigger picture.
“reach”, not “rich”
Surround yourself with positive and capable people.Get rid of the opposite.
buy ChainLink @0.50$
speak ye little, listen much
Be respected first by showing you have some sort of skill and leading by example.
Lead from the front
 What does this mean
Buy chainlink
Understand why people have a certain view about something.
All the good intentions in the world are useless without power.
Don't be friends with your employees.
wear a red tie
the standard you walk past and ignore, is the standard you set
Being a good leader automatically happens when you are significantly more capable than the people you are leading.
They will look to you for leadership.
If they don't can them.
If you aren't more capable than the people you are in charge of you don't deserve to be in charge.
Don't give in to the Jews
Pay very close attention to your subjects
avoid getting blackmailed by CIA/Mossad
When you criticize explain how the person can get better or progress rather than just insult or denigrate them.In other words - give feedback rather than just a impressionist statement.Don't just say "you wrote a shit report"Say "your writing doesn't convey clearly what the biggest hindrances to making this process profitable are and the way you structure...etc.
etc."
if you give clear feedback and your employee doesn't improve - fire there ass.Are you sure that not just micromanagement?
Good leadership is getting the best out of people, so that the whole exceeds the sum of it's parts.
Other wise, why lead at all?
Why not do it yourself?I mean no-one is a pantomath.
There will always be a point where even though you're a leader you're outsourcing to the skills of someone who has more capability in that specific domain than you, in fact I think if you've done your job right as a team builder EVERYONE will have specific domains they are stronger than you at, but as a leader you're suppose to leverage all of those people and their skills in a way that is harmonious and most importantly profitable and sustainable.TL;DR - If you're more capable then your employees, doesn't that mean you have shit employees?
Know when to sacrifice yourself but also know when to sacrifice the people under you.
Lead by example.
Take responsibility and do what needs to be done, even if no one follows you.
Second thisThe moment you allow anyone to walk on you, the rest see that as an invitation.
You can be friendly with those beneath you but if your job is to manage them, you can’t be friends.
4412409>your job is to manage them, you can’t be friends.Theoretically, I know it's easier said than done, can you pretend to be their friends?I know it sounds really edgelord but is it worthwhile or useful to play buddy buddy and pretend to be close with your employees, make them think you are genuinely their friend even though if they give you one month of shit performance you'll toss them out faster than a used condom?
Sure but the point is that no one gets a pass and you avoid favoritism.
>one bad month & you’re out As they should be in a high performance environment.
A manager doesn’t need to be an asshole 24/7 but sometimes needs to be an asshole in the moment.
If you really like Chad but Chad keeps fucking up, he gets the same hammer as anyone else would.
Sure but the point is that no one gets a pass and you avoid favoritism.Good point, like a lot of anons above say about 'standards' but also I can see how if you start getting friendly people start seeing it as a pissing contest: who's in closest with the boss.
When that sort of game is distracting them from working.> A manager doesn’t need to be an asshole 24/7 but sometimes needs to be an asshole in the moment.mah nigga!
Don't just say "you wrote a shit report">Say "your writing doesn't convey clearly what the biggest hindrances to making this process profitable are and the way you structure...etc.
etc.
"Ok thanks.
bump.