Ok /biz/, I will make this short: buy some fidget spinner, hold for at least 6 months, no daytrading, no nothing.
You won’t be disappointed.
All you need is PATIENCE.
Do u have what it takes?Buy now, won’t regret it.
I know, I can't believe it's this easy
Tell me more.
The market still wasn’t able to grasp the scope of the American Express partnership with ripple.
The next 5-8 weeks we will see the first larger scale actual usage of XRP for cross border payments by SBI for example.The lockup of 55bln tokens will also happen before end of the year.Though XRP seems to many as a very boring investment, it should definitely fit those who don’t have the time nor the skills to daytrade their asses of.More and more normie money will flow into crypto due to the recent and ongoing BTC bullrun.
Some rumors say that even a coinbase listing of XRP is inevitable.
Good times ahead,whether you like banks or not.
You guys don't really think the price of this thing is actually going to go up more than a few percent do You?
You don't right??
This is a joke thread... has to be... hope some poor anon doesn't think this is serious and waste his hard earned monies on XRP when he could be buying a real crypto that actually goes up in value in a time frame of less than years.
Would a 10x return do it for you?
Because this is what will happen according to various sources.
various sourcesLike the guy who bought at the top and is shilling so he can unload his bags??
If you think this shit can 10x in a short time, you are massively delusional.
I've held this coin for too long and it can't even 2x, too many people dumping bags and too many whales with sell walls to keep prices from rising.
Literally nothing could make this 10x over night, that would require a trillion new dollars flowing into it all at once.
Good luck with your bags anon.
You said short time?
Think of 6-12 months idiot
Still not a long enough time for that to happen shitface.
But whatever, you're probably a newfag and the only other people that will fall for this are also newfags, so fuck em... you'll learn the hard way just like the rest of us did.
xrp has gone 37x since the start of the year
Those were different times.
Things aren't the same as they used to be.
But good luck.
Maybe some of you will make it back alive.
Don’t you think that a 2-5x for normies who are used to their 0,5% annual rates they get from their banks on their accounts is unimaginable?The normies will bring in the BIG money, not some wise ass mouthbreathing ‚muh I’ve seen it all, been through this, been through dat full retard.Imagine a couple in their 40ies to 60ies that scroll round coinbase whatever site they will be able to spend their cash on crypto in a idiot proof way.And buy the time it goes like ‚oh honey look at that, it’s only 20 cents a piece!
Nice Martha, let’s put 25grand in it‘ - this will be the point where everything will go apeshit.
Mark my words, thank me later
xrp will provide the greatest return of any investment in all of human history starting in 5 daysyou've been warned
Dude, why in Five days.
Enlighten us
Any positive news from the Tokyo conference?
Chain link
its larp.
dont worry about it.
all I know is escrow is happening in 2017 so probably decemb
Zerp hodler here.
Been in since March.
And while I do think XRP has a huge future, I am curious as to what "sources" lead you to believe we will see a 10x in *short* order.
lol ripple is a shit coin
Why wait when you can find a 300%/day moon mission.Mercury did a 700% just a few days ago.
If 12 months is short in cryptoterms for you, well....
"If you aren't willing to own a stock for 10 years, don't even think about owning it for 10 minutes."
Higher risk.
Roulette probably has more favourable odds.CFD is something that could happen to 90% of cryptos out there.
The TEZOS investigation could happen to 90% of recent ICO's since june.
Jew coins like BNT can fall and not stop falling.
Pajeet coins like LINK can dump and not stop dumping.Ripple is one of perhaps 3 companies in the crypto space actually able to do what they advertise in the real world, with real estrablishments.No one else comes close in the fintech space.
People for some reason like to shit on the biggest adoption success in the industry because they got dumped on in the FOMO or it has a high market + coin cap.If those are your sole formula for investment you deserve to fail, you deserve to wojack your time away in hasty ICO's with no tangible purpose.
You deserve LINK and all it's under performance.
Ripple and its currency is not a miraculous golden ticket.
It won't turn your 200 NEETBUX into 200 million.
The poor and stupid probably conflate that with a bad investment and shit like..>Mercury did a 700% just a few days ago....as a "good" investment.
Go continue chasing falling knives with your 200 dollars you filthy pajeets.
What people continuously don’t get is the fact that investing 100 bucks won’t make them rich at all.
Simple as that.
well I would agree with you but that already happened with bitcoin.
You could have made good money with AntShares but yeah I get your point
Wrong.
Enlighten us then.