Why aren't you all in on CFD at this very moment?
It still has a fucking 5,000,000 - 7,500,000 market cap.
This will easily make back all your losses
where and how do i buy
install metamask chrome extension>buy ETH on coinbase.com>send ETH to metamask wallet>import metamask wallet to etherdelta.com>buy CFD on etherdelta.com with ETH
This process is inhuman
Yeah just wait until it gets listed on a real exchange.
Etherdelta is too risky, you misclick something once and bam you're poor.
Binance when?
I'm gonna buy it on a real exchange
4242850alright then niggas you can take my bags at $5
The new exchange is not binance, but they are working on binance.
I think its KuCoin or Cryptopia
This pump is insane
let me buy my 250 CFD plz
this is easily a 25 - 30 market cap project.5x - 6x from here with their partnership with klerios and chainlink
I threw a couple ETH at it.
Let’s go 4x bb
Are you FUCKING INSANEyou think this whitepaper ico with no funds (because 'muh fair ico'), partners or proof of concept can get up to the MCap of a project like Request??
?when this dumps itll dump hard
Yes, because it stops being about price valuation, and becomes a game of pass the bags until the penny drops
You are not buying cheap its too late to fud
This will go down just like ethbet, mark my words.ETHBET started same way, bunch of greedy anons hyping and excited about a coin purely because it started with a 1mil marketcap... Now look at itSame thing's going on here, ask anyone to name a good reason to invest in this coin and ALL they will just talk about how low the marketcap is.I'll be avoiding this one
hahahahaha stay poor
What is it's ICO price?
FUD or FOMO, choose your poison.
biz logic at work again.
ICO price was 0.04c
Yeah ethbet pumped too the first day it hit exchanges too for all the same reasons this is pumping.Feel free to screenshot this for when you look at the price again next week.. don't get greedy guys if you bought in ICO make sure you take profits
Why bother FUDing now?
Anyone who buys right now will still, at the very least, make 2x.
The FUD mission isn’t supposed to start for another week or two when the price stops pumping
They are probably waiting on invitations to the comfydo moon party.
The premature FUD is weird.
There's still plenty of time to join us.
Profits are being made as I am typing.
>Hear about Confido>Want quick gains>At 62500 >Try to transfer my eth from shittrex>They won't let me withdraw>Check price tonight after trying to withdraw again>It's at 220000Thanks Shittrex, you are forever on my garbage trading site list you piece of shit.
An easy 4x in one single day and you ruined for me.
Learn ether delta.
It seems autistic and a hassle before you've used it but it actually makes a lot of sense.
You also get on post ico moon missions easily and at half or less the price than when it hits major exchanges.