> just a casual reimplementation in another language> just so hard to find competent devs in a top 20 programming language + blockchain (one of the trendiest fucking subjects in all of tech)> i may actual ditch LINK because of this
The fact rory, a fucking chat moderator, has to share this information in SLACK instead of sergey doing it on the smartcontract twitter account is just a massive red flag So fucking amateur
What does LINK have if they don't have biz.
Dark times ahead
Fake
>investing in developers that use ruby for anything
just letting everyone know this is a fake message that's been around /biz since today!
/bizsuck my dinkle
do it
Won't be a true link marine
>using Go>not using HaskellWhen will developers enter the future?
The fake FUD has really gotten creative I gotta hand it to em
No, Rory definitely said this earlier
GTFO cargo cultist.
You just hop on the dick of whatever trend is popular at the moment.
Tomorrow it will be some new snake oil bullshit.
haskell>Popularu wot
nice just sold my bags at a 70% loss no larpcongrats on this.
Seriously.
blockchain (one of the trendiest fucking subjects in all of tech)You're kidding yourself if you think blockchain developers are easy to come by
It absolutely is.
Thinks haskell is popular>probably can't understand monads and is salty
FAKE
I did not say easy.
They're in the Bay area and blockchain has been popular in tech circles for at least five years.
You're kidding yourself if you think it isn't viable that $250k salary + equity would not land a decent dev.
Where in the Slack is this?
omg its only 2 people it's a scam sold 100k!>omg they're hiring more people because they're incompetent sold 100k!
Programming languages are tools to get things done, not toys to let you masturbate your autism to.
You're kidding yourself if you think it isn't viable that $250k salary + equity would not land a decent dev.You're kidding yourself if you think it is
Go try to hire a developer that knows anything about developing for blockchain, OP.
Let me know how that goes.
When the Haskell meme dies.
It's pinned in the telegram group
FUD before the pump
i like the lack of polish in the projects pr, gives off an underdog vibeill gladly eat my words if link goes the way of confido
lol is this true?
can someone confirm?
did they really pin this?
could someone on slack check out?
What a sad way to look at the craft.
Sincerely hope you're not actually a programmer of you think like this.
answering to myself, they pinned that nonsense :D
wew
Nice, I'll buy your bag.
tfw when on purely functional NixOS machine>:3
meh, better they hire more programmers, its a good sign> been programmer (~6 languages) for a few companies in various markets> almost all of them expect too much from too few programmers> 'create a prototype asap, then you can clean up the code'> prototypes go straight to production> mfw anon we need to add this and this and this, ending up requiring re write anyways to legit, scalable design patterns> one company actually sees the problem ahead of time and encourages scalability, understands the longer development time> product releases on time, on budget, and accepts addon requests elegantly and easilythat company saved a shit ton than the others who lost time on re-write / re-design in order to meet post-launch needs and requeststl;dr Link might be doin it rite.
That said, I dont know shit about Go, but can safely say Ruby is trash newbie stuff they use in school to teach normies who end up graduating not knowing how to code themselves out of a cardboard box (from scratch)> full stack dev, love making proprietary frameworks from scratch
Blockchain programmers are NOT "trendy"VERY few competent blockchain devs exist.
The ones that bill themselves as such are either 1) (90%) Programmers who translated Java and OOP knowledge to Solidity and think they are qualified to build dapps 2) (10%) People who recognize that knowing Solidity is 1% of the battle to being a good dapp developer, people who are competent mathematicians and cryptographers and know about how to write enterprise level secure code with good blockchain practicesYou inevitably have to hire some of the former because the latter are so rare.
But every project needs at least one of the latter, and definitely do not underestimate how difficult it is to find good blockchain dev talent right now.
Most people who graduate with CS degrees are not qualified to work at high-powered startups in general (they are not self-starting, no initiative, no imagination, just codemonkeys) let alone startups in a sector where the knowledge threshold is even higher and brand new
Thank you.
Oh linkies.
What would the world of cryptocurrencies be without you?
What do, we owe the honour.
The promise of Link seemed promising at first.
The premise of 'rent free' was surely innovative and ahead of its time.
But, as time showed us, this coin was nothing more than a pump and dump that inadvertently created the most deranged community of bag holders known to man.
A community that incessantly screeches "rent free" whenever they feel threatened, which is very common.
To be a linkie is to be deranged.
Having lost everything, whether it be your house, marriage, wife's sons college money or life-savings surely takes a toll on the mental serenity of a linkie's mind.
Slight threats critiquing the developers of Chainlink sets the common linkie into a state of neurosis that can only be cured by euthanasia or the eventual revaluing of this godforsaken currency.
However, once the price reaches 10 cents, the value will continue falling.
This crash will be catalyzed by the fact that thousands of wallets will be lost as a mass suicide of linkies, causing the price to dip even further.
Don't be deranged, don't be a linkie.
yoo retard, getting resource in go lang is very easy.
they hiring in SFO not in u r shithole country.
if they throw money they can hire competent programmers in couple of weeks.
also by sergey hiring track record, you can see their teach community manager, he fucking genius.
so no worries
Fudding.every.thread.