Is accounting, finance, or Economics good majors?
I'm not smart enough for STEM so this would be the next best thing.
Is anyone here in one of these majors?
How is it for you ?
I also only have a 110 IQ so I'm not sure if that would be good enough or not.
Does anyone here work as an accountant?
Do you need good soical skills?
How often do you work with others?
Do you need to be Chad to get hired or get a good job?
What would a starting salary be for someone in the Tampa FL area?
meme degreesyeah, no...>I'm not smart enough for STEMSTEM is mostly about hard work, not about smarty pants.
Just how hard are you?
Accounting is much more easy.
My cousin makes $60k in a low COL city with just a bachelor's, so I guess Tampa should be similar.
You can be an average joe and get by with life.
I imagine Chad will start making 6 figures right away, or soon after a few years.
Accounting isn't a meme degree.
Accounting and finance are actually in higher demand than STEM and only pay slightly less.
Hard work is a meme, everyone in STEM that's passing has atleast a 120+ I.Q Genetics make you succeed in life, not hard work.
lol.
Dude, You are fucking perfect for accounting and finance!
This
All jokes aside, in corporatecuck business jobs advancements are due to one of three: brown-noseing, good ol' boy network, or window dressing diversity.
If you are white and can't hold a conversation, business is not for you.
You will also never succeed in life if you take everything /pol/ says as fact (IQ nonsense).
You do not need an IQ of 120 to get a Compsci/engineering degree from USF
So deluded lol
accountant here; studied commerce double major in accounting and finance>How is it for you ?I love my job but I'm in a weird autismo role that barely touches the numbers but has to get real intimate with the concepts, legislation and standards.
Sometimes I check if people aren't doing the wrong thing (they are).> I also only have a 110 IQ so I'm not sure if that would be good enough or not.there are places for u.
Banks have lots of different jobs, and governments have LOTS of brainlets.
audit jobs are becoming easy with all the automation, so mayb that too.
There is a pay ceiling for brainlets desu, but moreso for lack of chadness.
often the mavericks make it on smarts + cockiness.IDK about america but here you have to do a little 6 month course and you're ready to be a finance guy (bank staff, mortgage broker, fin adviser etc)>Do you need good soical skills?Some are needed, but considering I went from dropout, years NEET and didn't talk for so long that I developed a stutter; to acing a job interview and getting employed – I don't think you need that much.
I mite b just lucky tho>How often do you work with others?Depends on where and what you work in.
generally u start off with a lot, but u soon become quite independent.
For instance if you work in the investment advice area you'd start out as a paraplanner which is doing the finer points of asset allocations etc.> Do you need to be Chad to get hired or get a good job?to get hired: git gud at body language.For good money, yes u need chad.imo job interviews are a special sort of bullshit that you will need to fail at 2-5 times before you get it right.
If you feel like a bit of a narcissist, you're probably doing it right.
Hang in there is all I can say – and try to make a list of all the sorts of things they ask "name a time you solved a problem".
There's a thing called the STAR method, use it.>What would a starting salary be for someone in the Tampa FL area?200k starting ;^)
Genetics make you succeed in life, not hard work.Lol, if that's the case, all scientists and engineers would be rich.
I had a friend who thought like you.
He used it as an excuse for being a NEET.
He never tried hard in school (cheating and skipping classes regularly) and thus getting bad grades, never seriously thought about getting a job or his future for that matter, and blamed his problems on everyone else but himself.
AccountingSolid degree but don't expect anything special, will probably need a masters to become a CPA depending where you live>FinanceUnless you go to a top school don't even think about it.
I know too many dude bro idiots who went to shitfuck state university and did finance because they watched the wolf of wall street or something>EconomicsDon't, unless it's in combination with something else (I'm doing a math and econ double major at pic related)
do whatever you like brother dont be to hard on yourself.
go do whatever you like and it will reward you with money and hapiness in the end
You fucking boomer-tier idiot.
>Just follow your dreams and money will follow!It's this bullshit ideology that's currently raping western economies, especially America'sEnjoy when your student loan bubble pops because you'll be responsible for it
Mathematics graduate, I can tell you for a fact it's purely hard work and effort.
High IQ or 'being intelligent' or whatever the fuck you think it is doesn't mean anything, people who think this does will fail guaranteedThere was a guy who couldn't expand brackets in his foundation year and graduated because he put in a LOT of effort, and many of your >tfw to intelligent types who failed first year for thinking they could breeze through like this
TFW Big 4 CPA.. in a third world country.
We get a lot of opportunities for Big 4 positions in developed countries at least, but I fucking hate audit.
Congrats bro
t. angry STEM student
Genetics make you work hard lol
what about the >tfw blessed with intelligence types who are thankful for not having to work as hard but knowing they still have to work?
Genetics and intelligence make stem degrees easy to obtain less hard work needed.
Any dumbass can try their their fucking ass off and pass while the more intelligent people pass with ease lmao
Too stupid for maths on its own?
Thx bb
DELETNice b8
this guy () is absolutely right tho
I got to know a lot of teachers, post men (or whatever they are called in english) and generally average joes through some Mensa events.
They are all VERY intelligent, but they just never could muster up the discipline to eat a bite of the shit every day.
They stopped eating when the smell got to them.Intelligence isn't everything, although I do agree, on average intelligence makes people go further than their average peers.