Where/what is the best way to learn?
I want to get myself clued up and in a knowledgeable position so that when I look at chat I see more than just ree and green
You'll find answers in Moorhouse Pak N Save.
I don't get it
It was said long ago in the Tibetan highlands a wise man once said if you could see into your own asshole you would find the answers
I hate it here
That place in your picture is in my city.
Also maybe you should do your own research and figure it out like the rest of us.
Our pay some pnd pajeet 3,000 a year to have his bags dropped on you.
You live in Christchurch?
Unluggy
Get a jobPay for your living a few years and save some $Pay a one month check to an exchange and get GoxedPay another one month check to another exchangeLoose everything while tradingPay another 1/4 check to an exchange, loose everything againPay a last 1/10 check to an exchange and trade it with a differnt strategy based on what you learned so far.-> Profit
Here's your lesson plan:Buy $100 on coinbase.
Start trading and try to turn it into $200.
If you do it you can put more money in.
If you get down to below $30 try again with another $100.
meme
I don't know.
The colleges aren't going to teach it for another 10 years.
They're teaching the technical aspects of it at a graduate level at some schools.But that's just cryptography.
Crypto is like FOREX on steroids and not regulated by the government, unless you're in shit country.
Lol better than whatever shit hole you came from :)I mean you literally don't know how to read a price chart, says a lot you know.
Dunedin trumps Christchurch any day of the week, fox you shitty town centre then we can compare
Dunedin>goodThese truly are the end of days.
Do the opposite of what you think is right.
The exchanges are regulated, especially in places like japan where btc is legal tender.
The coins are also regulated by their developers/boards.
Let’s not pretend that crypto is the libertarian wet dream we wish it was.
It’s close but not “unregulated unless in shit country”.