Lets say that the universe truly hates Linkies because the tech fails or sergey dies.
How fucked is SWIFT?
Is it me or are they literally getting BTFO by Ripple right now?
How likely is it that SWIFT will go down if they dont provide a blockchain solution to combat ripple?
THeyre fucked.
If they dont adapt itll be netflix v blocokbuster.
SWIFT is already a nobody.
Do you use SWIFT?
How about your friends?
Does anyone you know use SWIFT?
No.
But plenty of people on here have bought XRP at one point.
XRP already > SWIFT in adoption, usage, price, tech, etc.
this logic, lol
SWIFT>nobodykek
This is what i dont get.
Shouldnt they be shitting their pants right now especially with the new development?I mean if SWIFT doesnt provide a blockchain solution Linkies can still hope for a $1 price with actual usage announcements from several blockchain projects like Factom, Request Network, etc.
But SWIFT would be literally dead if they dont provide a blockchain solution.
deluded
Motherfucker, every one of us with a bank account uses SWIFT on a daily basis.
Do you understand what SWIFT is?
I think I used the wrong image lmao.
Its more appropriate to use SWIFT's logo since we are talking about SWIFT's future in this thread.
Is it me or do they literally have no choice but to announce something to combat Ripple at this point?
Honestly, Swift would buyout Ripple and incorporate the tech into their system before Swift was dethroned.
I think a Swift/Ripple partnership is more likely than a buyout though.
Honestly, Swift would buyout Ripple and incorporate the tech into their system before Swift was dethronedWhy dont they do that right now though?
Or at least earlier when Ripple was trashtalking them all fucking day in Twitter.
I dont think Ripple wants to be bought.
All the banks use SWIFT you idiot, probably thousands.
Every bank i worked for used it.
Its a simple messaging protocol but is an industry standard.Banks will never move away from SWIFT because if a sinlge bank decides it wants to use Ripple then it wont be able to communicate with the other banks.Ripple is literally a scam, if it think it can replace SWIFT.> XRP already > SWIFT in adoption, usage, price, tech, etc.pmsl
A little bantz is hardly trash-talking.
And anyways, Swift probably doesn't even feel threatened since they have literally decades of experience as an entrenched and established payments system.
They're already established; they're confident customers will trust and choose them over the newcomer Ripple.As I said, a partnership or buyout would be years down the road because it would depend on how much Ripple grows and how much of a threat it can become to Swift.
I don't think it will ever topple Swift though, Swift is too big.
In my country, when i transfer money to a friend, for say dinner, or drugs or whatever, i fill in a number that used to be called the swift number, goes by a diff name now.
So fuck off.
And it takes 3-5 business days for the banks to actually move that money, even if your friend can use that money right away.
You may not care, but banks want a faster solution.
Face it, the industry is changing and adapting, just like everything else.
Snd the answer to that is link
Dont know what shithole country you live in, but here in UK the money gets transferred in a couple of minutes.
Even sending money abroad is easy just fill in IBAN number and its transferred in 2 days max in Europe.All the scamcoins that want to do money transfers between countries are not necessary unless you are a pedo and sending money to another pedo without being seen.
SWIFT isnt worried about XRP.
if they were, they wouldve bought/partnered w/ XRP.but they didnt.
theyre parterned w/ LINK
Honestly it's good news for linkers.
Ripple partnership with Amex forces swift to do something or marketshare.
FFS they are doing overseas remittances, that's Swift's bread and butter.
I meant lose° marketshare
No, LINK has nothing to do with transferring monetary value.
Do you even know what LINK does?
It's a middleware oracle for communicating with smart contracts.
Totally different from a distributed ledger blockchain currency for moving monetary value.I don't think you understand how it works when you transfer money.
What you, the customer sees, is instantaneous.
But what's actually happening is that you are giving the bank money, and it takes days to move that money on the current and outdated payment rails.
Whoever you're sending the money to may get the money from the bank instantaneously, but they're getting money from that bank before the money you sent is actually processed.
It takes 3-5 business days.
Really.
Look it up, it's important to know what you're talking about.
Totally different from a distributed ledger blockchain currency for moving monetary value.Pretty sure SWIFT would be using Hyperledger for this.
Hyperledger isnt enough though, they also need LINK to work with it which is probably why Sergey made LINK compatible with BTC, ETH, and Hyperledger blockchains.https://www.coindesk.com/swift-selects-hyperledger-tech-cross-border-blockchain-test/https://cointelegraph.com/news/swift-hyperledger-backed-blockchain-project-nets-22-more-banks
They are.
They are using Symbiont as an interm solution until Link is done.Sergey is stress eating because he has Swift breathing down his back waiting.
SWIFT is a customer.
LINK doesn't have/need partners.
so many idiots in this place.
im out
yeah, like you
Money does not get transferred in a couple of minutes.
It takes days and multiple hops through clearing houses before the money actually arrives.
You may be able to spend it instantly, but your bank is trusting that the money will eventually arrive to cover it.
Cool.
Idiots are gone.
We can have a discussion now.
that's why i have 300K Link.
i link ever goes up 50% + .......nearly all of it will be sold.....
the fact that they don't actually have any partnerships right now is what makes me a bit sweaty...it's one thing for big companies to be interested in new tech, but actual adoption...that's a whole other level.
if the months of radio silence we've had is followed by even a tiny bit of bad news, like a big firm they're working with not being interested anymore, we could very well turn into eternal bagholders.
Good, that way all the weak hands will fuck off and miss the real moon
You know that when someone sells, someone else is buying right?
The LINK is changing hands, not disappearing into the ether...