what the FUCK is its problem?!
fuck your bitcoin if you want fuck
shits dead hope you cut your losses from the pump and dump
19gyCmRC6y8kFUuA1nuUhkuL2kmJ1pnDhqThanks
d-d-d-ont worry its iots different this time...m-muh real bitcoin
been posting here about this ching chong scam, get the fuck out you bag holders theyre getting heavier by the minute!!!
!you can always buy back lower cash cucks lololel
dump your BCH and finish this nonsense
Ver will stabilize it long enough until fiat pairs come along from big exchanges and then the money will pour in
ching chong scamVague xenophobia conspiracy.
Doesn't use "Bitcoin" cash.
Won't respond substantively.
Shill detected.Tell me, what's the Chinese scam here?
Has a billion Chinese colluded?
centralized mining chink scam, for Bitmain and Roger to control mining fees.
Uses hostile tactics due to weak egos.
Fuck your chink coin.
I will buy more once it falls to half its current price.
Roger save us we trusted in you ahhhhhhhhhhhh
BCH is about to pump.
Get in now or stay poor
kek
>now is LITERALLY the best time to buy right as BTC tops and is about to crash, the inverse relationship causing BCH to moon>/biz/ panic sells the bottom
Oscillators are bottoming out.
Big volume candles coming in.
Over extended and at support.
This is a no brainer.
Easy 20% gainz
Time to sell!!!!
Always do the opposite of what biz does
nice id, how much bch u got and at what btc ratio senpai?
I'm a BCH marine, hodling since $600, hodled at $2700 and STILL hodling at $1090Although I am really feeling a lot of emotions right now going up that high and then going down so low, we have to hodl.BCH is the future.
dont get emotionally attached to any coin.
Even question your true king once in awhile.Dump your bags bro, you can buy back lower.
Hold both coins but recognize this for nothing more than the latest shady attack on BTC native property.
Dump your cash and buy back later before you lose another 50%.
4388888
Believe man.
Spread the word.
Tell the world about Blockstream's censorship.
Call out the shills, but respond with respectful discussion to those who merely disagree with you.
Big Buyers stepping up.
Last chance for easy gainz /biz/tards
Is this a serious question
not being emotionally attached to arkI'll ride it to 0
What makes you think that this is going to happen?It's dead pum kaput!
Just get ready to buy when it hits another ATH and feed the whales more small fish
WHAT THE FUCK I SOLD AT THE ABSOLUTE BOTTOM AND THE FUCKING SHIT REBOUNDS IN A MATTER OF FUCKING MINUTES WHAT THE FLYING FUCK GODFUCKINGDAMMIT WHY THE FUCK DOES THIS SHIT KEEP FUCKING HAPPENING FOR FUCK SAKESCANTCATCHABREAK CANTCATCHABREAK
its controlled by the korean market (bithumb) and they're dumping it fast, moving into QTUM and others now
4389271Stop selling the bottom anon
Don't forget to buy high, sell low
If you guys are selling now, whales are just accumulating it... wait till this weekend.
Have to follow the whales to make money guys
don't play yourself, "whales accumulating" doesn't always guarantee a price spikewhales will often buy to try and stall price or reverse a dip, it doesn't always work though if the rest of the market isn't interested anymore.
it's nothing for a whale to buy $1M worth of BCH at $1100 and then if it tanks to $970 just sell at a loss and forget about it.
Which is exactly what's going to happen here.BCH has no business being anywhere north of $400
I respect your digits.
How does one properly follow whales?
I'm somewhat new to this.
This is what you get for trading on emotion.
'Whales accumulating'That's when you know to get out
Lol.While I'm not a "HOLD TO ZERO!!!"
kind of guy... (I sold this siht at a loss a long time ago)Now is probably not the right itme to sell.If you were going to sell at a loss, should have done that before you got absolutely destroyed.Now you acutally have a chance for a rebound.Then you have to make a hard choice: sell at smaller loss, or go long.
potentially, long as fuck.
if you're trying to make money, $fct is gonna be mooning soon
he's actually serious
Is this fucker about to pump, for real seen the buy rate go up a bit
a bitOh boy 'a bit'
Seriuosly what should i do?i bought At 1400 Switch back to btc and wait for a new ath?
Why is bcc slowly dying?
chill the fuck out and hold.
its gonna bleed to 1k and when a candle fills under 1k its gonna go down to 800ish and then its gonna moonscreenshot this
But why the fuck bcc slowly bleed out
We just went through a pump, of course it's going to bleed.
What, you think everything should go up forever never stopping?Just hold your shit in you cuck.
Happened before, people are scared and theres no one trading volume, so all it can do is go down.
ignore this retard if he's saying it's going to bleed to $1k then $800, why the fuck would you hold it?
sell it now, and if it goes lower and you have any confidence it'll moon, buy again later, you'll increase your current holding that way.
Personally I think this is in free fall at this point.
Some whales trying to prop it up a bit but it has no market support.
It's destined for sub-$500 at this point.
But hey, do your own research and do whatever you think is right.
Sorry you bought at $1400 but it coudl be worse, I know a guy who bought over $2000 and is still holding
If my indicator if correct, i just went all in on bitcoin so bitcoin cash is sure to moon soon
BCH going down to 800's.
Then to the moons of fucking Saturn.
When do you think it will hit 800?
BTC Is about to rebound and continue a downtrend.BCH will slowly rise during the holidays once the dfficulty stabilizes with the new algorithm.
You wont see a dramatic rise like before, but it will hit 1400 again if you still wish to get out then.
Ofcorse bitcoin will go down.
I just went all in, fuck sakes.
Was going to go all in last night when it was 6800 but was to fucking cuck.
Fuck my life
It's in a bearish trend short term, that's kinda what happens.To those of you freaking out, just be patient.
This isn't a mega moon but the 0.18-0.22 range is attainable after btc sits down.
There is no fucking downtrend you lying mother fucker.
Stop giving people SHIT ADVICE to try and lighten your bags.
MAN THE FUCK UP and sell and move on you cum guzzling bitch.
I hope your right my brother
It's not too late to buy Link
Fucking link, i dont trade in bitcoin, i trade on the exchange and im limited to what coins i can buy in on.
Looking into trading on binance but cant find i decent wallet to use.
Any suggestions please?
Use the 12 hour chart and look at how bitcoin reacts after every large price increase.
I believe it will be k by this time next year, but for the next month or so we might be entering a downtrend.
If this is true it has dire repercussions due to the nature of BCH and miners acting in their own self interests.
NOT YET, CASHFAGS, NOT YET!
it's dead and this is probably your last chance to sell while it's still worth four digits
Congrats on this.
losing $180,000>mehlol okay
due to the nature of BCH and miners acting in their own self interestsThat's all miners.
The system is designed that way for good reason.
How many of you retards actually think bitcoin is in it for the longterm?
Its literally the first iteration of blockchain.
Did you think greyscale TVs where here to stay permanently too, did you?
You fucking retards.It'll fail and fall to superior products, eventually all the wealth will drain out of it to leave it as a hollow husk of what it once was, and that'll happen soon, mark my words.
so errr... wheres the flip my guys.. im all in on bch here waiting haha..
went all in on BCH AAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
12 hours ago a single antminer S9 was earning 20 wallstreetbux a day.Thanks to that massive fake usdt pump, every single antminer S9 is now earning 24 wallstreetbux a day.Reminder that there are a lot of fucking antminers out there.Reminder that every time the DAA re-aligns jews must pay the antminers or freeze their ledger and lose their money.Reminder that the jedi are waiting in the wings for the cleanup.
"eat shit" tattoo
This game is so beautifully complicated
we may just see the jew get fully jewed by an exiled ancap aryan madman and his band of merry misfits in the land of the rising sun.
4390893Just hold faggots, it went up 400% in 1 day in surpassed Ethereum.
It's accumulation phase right now, BCH is for the long term, it's just as rare as Bitcoin as only Bitcoin holders acquired them and are the only ones who can sell them.
Time to buy more while you still can.This is the first Bitcoin fork and an historic one, it's only been around for 3 months you shits and you're crying that it's only #3 in the market cap, noobs.- It's getting added to blockchain soon: https://blog.blockchain.com/2017/11/15/segwit-bitcoin-cash-update/- Adding to Coinbase in January 1st 2018- Everyone knows about Bitcoin Cash now, every mother fucker knows and bitcoin holders are afraid- Oh man everyone is tweeting about it, writing stories about it, new companies are implementing it, and so on.BCH is not over.
It will destroy BTC because Bitcoin Cash can adapt.
I hope the 5 development teams can put their bitcoin cash where their mouth and make some fucking updates to make it moon already.BTC won't be updating shit anytime soon.
BCH blownt the fuck out!!!!
if btc goes into a downtrend it's over for it, you know that right?
the timing was perfect.
Their real competition to it now.
Pic related.
This shit ain't going down.
2018 is the year of the BCH.
Desperate and sad.
All the fuckers who shilled and spread FUD on BTC for this coin FUCK YOU I wish I had bought back BTC when it dipped...
Whales are the same dumbfucks as you guys, they are not neccessary smarter or have a genius masterplan
"Coinbase adding Bitcoin Cash" HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH What's next?
Bitcoin Gold?
BCash is not really bleeding out, itäs returning to its pre-pump level of $300-500.All of the value accumulation over $600 was stage managed from the inside out.
There is no real bleed on BCH until it falls below $600.
If it continues its slow bleed down there, then there are real troubles for its long term viability.The inner circle has terribly mismanaged the handling of the BCash image in the pump and dump.
I would not be at all surprised if they were working the market at odds with each other while the price spiked.
Once BCash bubbled, the gloves came off and they were trying to quietly pick off each other's money.
There is no other explanation for the poor mismanagement.
They may be crooks, but they are experienced.
They know that the unsustainable pump and dump would ruin a huge portion of the users they must rely on.
They knew that a boom and bust in the first 3 months of the coin's life - and at prices far above "significant" for most normal people - would hurt their standing.I think one of them broke ranks and went into business for themselves and fucked the marketplace.
No evidence, but I just do not believe that group of guys is this incompetent - I think someone screwed them before they could do the screwing.
This.
At least the part about $600.It basically only feels like it's bleeding out to those idiots who lost their positions in other coins just to get into a pump already happening.
Bag holders trying to chase back losses.
Pajeet please.You realise undermining a perfectly logical and anticipated move by Coinbase on /biz/ does not affect he market place?
You didn't even provide an argument.
Fuck this shit I'm just gonna weakhands
Source on coinbase add?
Annnnnnnd a new 24 hr low.
1k>the bottomthis shit was $300 for 3 months
4388697At best nothing will happen when bch get on other exchanges, at worst people will selll it or short it.You're delusional if you think this coin is any better than all the bitcoin copycats we've seen before.
Increasing the blocksize is a short term fix, not a long term one.
That's why it's a bad solution from the start.Also remember who is behind bch: Roger Ver; this guy is a scumbag, he supported butcoin unlimited before, and look where is stands now.
This guy will do anything to scam you and try to dethrone bticoin.
bottom should be around 800 usd
pretending you have a choice
Nice arguments you've got there.
You know what price parity is right?
Miners will always mine the most profitable coin, be it bch or btc.
Difficulty will adjust and some mining power will go either way is more profitable.
What matters in the end is which one is the best chain with the best project.Also bch difficulty is manipulated, but that doesn't matter.
I wonder how much financial ressources Roger Ver & Co have left after that pump and the mempool spam attack, but they can't do it an infinite amount of times.One last thing, start thinking for yourself instead of spewing pre-chewed food like the image you have attached.
Don't be a sheep anon.
$800 is still a minimum of 25% pure empty pump.Price went haywire just below $600; nothing above that can be assumed to be reality.
Buy walls or not, nobody can offer an unsustainably high put option to the entire BCH marketplace if there is no foundational value at that level.
BCH will eventually re-adjust below $650, and then the game is on.
If it continues to slip then, then I think even the coolest hands will be starting to sweat.
Even if they do, they're also unlocking a decent amount of BCH which was previously unavailable.
Supply will suddenly increase on BCH, which I don't know how you think will positively impact the price