I have no sympathy for BCH holders.They drew this upon themselves with their supreme naivety.
Just you wait... roger will save us with his pump!
We are the true bitcoin!!!
Satoshis' vision!!
these bags are light weight compared to the burden of not having your sympathy
BCH was the first crypto I bought.
Got on this boat last wednesday, and since I have almost no money to start with and I wanted to learn more about crypto, I went for BCH cuz it was cheaper.Then I saw my meager investment of $300 more than triple in two fucking days.
Shit was fucking insane, so I sold at $2500 but my anxiety told me to buy again as soon as it hit $2000, wishing it could go past $3000.Then I held....
While I still don't know the true despair of cutting losses, I know how crushing it is to know you lost so much potential money.
Right now I'm so burned out I might never try crypto again.
I just wanted steady gains, not this.
At least I managed to more than double my initial investment.
Thanks guys, what a ride.
Fuck you
You learned to never fucking buy something in the process of free-falling.
You'll get better at this.
Best advice I was given is to not get attached to a coin.
Just play the graphs and don't double down like that.
Right now I'm so burned out I might never try crypto again.After B2X fork and sudden cancellation, and the failed flippening yesterday, I feel the same way.
Feels like the bubble will pop soon because of all this drama too.
I feel the opposite.
This drama proved that btc can't be killed like this.
same here, i told my gfs mom to buy bitcoin.
she actaully did it but she said bitcoin was too much and she wanted a full coin so i told her to buy a couple BCH.
she was so proud to own a couple BCH coins.
only 3 tokens a couple days before halloweenwhen it doubled to 600ish i told her to SELL!she didnt because she didnt know how.
i finally met up with her this morning and sold.
she cashed out and isnt getting back into cryptoshe left for good lol almost 3k in a couple weeks.
crazy.
BTC is gonna kill itself if it continues like this, no one will ever adopt such a shitty coin that forks every 5 minutes and shits the bed warring with it's own forks fucking everyone else over in the process.
BTC has lost over 1K in a day multiple times in the last few weeks.
I’m a retard to who makes retarded investments based on no research>the market it unstable and “Drama” is going to end the financial revolutionHow fucking dumb and self centered can one person be
Yeah, after a crazy bull run.
Really makes you think.
Thanks, I just applied for a cash out at my exchange.
Gonna enjoy my $700 with some friends, let some steam off.
Maybe I'll come back when things get more stable.
This is too much for me desu
Why didn't you just research B2X so you would know the fork would be cancelled beforehand
failed flippeningThe fact that you thought it was ever more than a pump and dump before it’s own fork shows you have less than half a brain in the chubby little head of yours
all it took was a DDoS attack to blow up the rocket, it will happen again.
BCH is too much of a risk cause Jihan wont play ethically
PnD's get coins to the number 2 market cap coin regularly why did you think it was anything different
gets it to the number 2 coin cap regularlyIt’s only been around for 3 months and dropped harder than a rock immediately.New fag confirmed go home
4334816thisFrankly, anyone who was around crypto for more than 3 month knew exactly what was happening.Ripple, Neo, Nem, every time the same story, and the newfags who are here again to tell you the world is changing
I've said this before.>remember you're here forever
If coinbase is adding BCH, then it very well could be.
t. newfagkys
btc kill in 13 hours
inb4 roger is satoshi nakamoto
u think this is the end of us?
i was on the verge of selling yesterday, i was just about to sell it when it peaked and then my wife got all pissed off i was stalling our last minute trip to bunnings and i didnt sell.fucking woman cost me thousands.
it will go up again.
once isnt enough for these pump n dump gangs
Fork in 13 hrs, should see another rally then (if not sooner).
Is it really ogre?
Did they blow their load on 1 attempt or are we going to see another strike?
all alts greening indicating confidence it has been settled for now?
why 13?
This has nothing to do with BTC.
Literally anybody can take the code and fork it into a new coin.
This is a group of people trying to hijack Bitcoin.
As a BTC holder you should be smart enough to not believe the bullshit fud.
Unfortunately theres alot of idiots that don't know the first thing about what they just bought, so they panic and dump as soon as they read some fud post on reddit.
As time goes on and BTC increases in value I expect the attacks and shill campaigns will only intensify
"Activation of the new consensus rules will be done on a median time stamp basis on blocks that occur after timestamp 1510600000, which corresponds to November 13th, 2:06 PM GMT."
attacks against BTC will intensifyso... more juicy dips to buy?
good news
I actually like bch more than btc but I have no sympathy for moon kids they deserve to get dumped on
Not gonna lie former btc holder here.
We cant let it get the nuclear codes.
You make me want to buy BCH
 BagHolder, whatchadoin?
You think 3k in a couple weeks is crazy...
I made 1.1MM in seven monthsTell your girlfriend to come over and suck me off and I'll give you .1 BTC
Dancing on the moon in my dreams
They are adding support so people who had it on the exchange before the august fork can claim it.
They will not be listing it for purchase.