How long do i need to baghold this precious coin to reach the Ico price again?
Patience, son.You will be rewarded for it.
Forever
Sorry anon they will never succeed.
Better sell your bags and put in ledger or smthing else
To people worrying about the price - yes it sucks, could you sell and try to make more money elsewhere short-term?
Possibly.
I heard the exact same things with OMG shortly after the token launched, I had a tonne of trading friends that tried to short OMG and missed out big time.Request to me is the most comfortable investment I have ever made.
No BS hype, no FOMO rubbish just a solid team with a fantastic vision who are ahead of the roadmap with their first release right around the corner.As investors we naturally look at other projects and see Confido, Quantstamp etc going 2x+ their ICO and we think that *could* have been me.
We don't look at the other projects trading below ICO, we are imagining things in an ideal world which never happens.Request is solid, it's still a new project and we have absolutely no reason to be worries about our investments.
I wouldn't want my money elsewhere at the moment.
Request will have it's time.
it's being pumped up as we speak.
Stop being a little pussy ass faggot you weak handed fuck.
one day you will all realise that they have 0 chance of successthere is nothing special about request WHATSOEVER
That's anon is a nice motivational speech.
Well done.
I will sell this SHITCOIN at $0.10
same for me.
The price sucks now but I'm confident it will be a good product in the futureThe name and domain pick alone is very good.Request.network ?
couldn't have picked a better name desu.
I hold 100k of this and my bags are so fucking heavy.
Can't wait to get rid of it...
4503396With this attitude it will be forever.
But hey, you only have 100k and i am bagholding 400k since ico.
This shit is burning my whole portfolio right now
as they've stated before, they are doers.
They have a good track-record and are launching the first version of Request before EOY.The game changer will be the Tax module, wait until they implement this shit and see the coin rise like no coin has ever risen
YC and ING is pretty special imo
I don't think any other project is doing continuous payment either.
if they successfully roll this out, business will eat this up.
if it happens I was even thinking about building an extension on Request Network , quit my job and start selling Request Continous Payment systems to companies.
Deluded
What's deluded about my plan?
what isn't?
A: Hey!
This guy is black!
>B: No, he is White!
>A: Why, isn't he black?
^^THIS
It's on a good 12h MACD uptrend now.
LIFT OFF!
I don't understand :(