Why has this guy's autism been peeking lately?
He jurnalist, he just play autism.
Why are you looking for a reason.Autism is a permanent state.
And he is not responsible for that.I believe he gave enough to the world with ethereum to say any shit he wants on twitter.We couldn't say that much from Trump.
what a retarded post
tbqh i respect vitalik more nowhe says what he wants and doesn't give two shits, because he knows hes right and everyone with a brain knows hes right aswellsjw redditors can cry and dump all they want, ETH to the moon
It's peaking.
yes
hes right and everyone with a brain knows hes right aswellthis.Some people are too dumb to realize when they are brainwashed by political correctness.Saying that watching pictures on a computer does more harm than taking drugs is so stupid.
Saying that watching pictures on a computer does more harm than taking drugs is so stupid.Saying this without considering the external context is equally stupid.
Agree.
True Alpha
Anyone who encourages the production of content that destroys innocent life with their consumption deserves to suffer and has no place in society.
None of the excuses you make up to justify your degenerate obsessions will change that.
He's becoming a quirky russian billionaire.
It happens.
And el oh el about political correctness being what's trying to take your precious cheese pizza away from you.
The SJWs are the ones that are try to normalize it.
If you are a pedophile, you belong with them in the tree.
Because he thinks his programming autism means he also has philosophical autism.Literally why is he trying to venture outside of his field?
He shouldn't pontificate like he's got anything insightful to say outside the realm of crypto.
Even within it he says stupid shit.
I bet it make you feels such a good person to design everybody who is not hysterical toward this topic as a pedo himself.You can be against it without losing your logical mind and easing into conformism.
People don't produce cp for profit you ducking idiot, if kids are going to be abused they'll be abused.
No one is going to rape a kid for some shitty slice of a less than one million dollar industry
You don't have to be a pedophile to encourage the abuse of children.
it's going to happen anyway so who cares!
Overconfidence?
To be fair I've only seen one awareness lacking post from him.We couldn't say that much from Trump.Not relevant, and clearly just trying to dog-whistle /pol/tards.
Fuck off.Who said anything about encouraging it?
Who said anything about normalizing it?When you have a mouthpiece there is a tendency to want to use it for, ostensibly, educating the world.
And it can be argued* that people who do have authoritative voices or status that gives them a soapbox have a moral responsibility to use it.
*can be argued.
That's not an endorsement of that argument, nor a dismissal.
Failure to understand that quirk of the English language is what caused this shitstorm.
>people investing in ETH are literally investing in THIS
not understanding decentralizationGo back to >>>/fit/
Everyone defending vitalik would not defend trump for tweeting the same thing, that's for damn sure.