Why the fuck is Ethereum still only $300?
unlimited supply
Scamcoin
Hackcoin
*kills your contract*
forks your dao
They won't fork it bc of this
Been trying to figure this out my self.
I think its just a complete lack of news.
Its to stable, its to predictable.
The dev team is to dependable.
In other words, boring.
Wtf Ethereum had god news all month , except for the kill contract haha
ICOs, they keep selling it, its due to go to $500 soon though.
Because stupid Asians think coins like NEO, QTUM, ETP are going to be *there* version of ETH.Even worse is you have deniers who hold LISK and ETC who are attempting to undermine it.ETHs biggest problem is it's not unversial.
It's very Western friendly.
It also makes it stable though, because the dumbass Koreans,.
Chinese and Japs are not knee deep in it.
43210824321097kekIt's because there are hundreds of thousands of ETH that ICOs are selling piecemeal every time there's a price rise.
Once their reserves are gone, it's moon time.
Because Vitalik is a fucking SJW.
This.
Once that huge ico-bag is sufficiently empty it's going to go crazy.
Might take months though.
It has genuine value unlike shitcoins like all those bitcoins
It's because ICO's hire financial management firms to sell chunks of their stake every time it goes up
their reserves will never run empty aslong as ICOs happen as frequent as now
nice meme.
there'll be less new eth mined than btc.
I have 50 eth ; should i buy 50 more?
Or buy alts.
Just bought some mkr
Oh, they will.
The big ICOs happened during the summer, where shit projects got 200-300k ETH each.
Nowadays ICOs are much smaller.
thats what i fucking said, cunt
Who is this?
Because its a commie coin, and Money Kelley invoked the Trump Curse.
He, and anyone who owns coins associated with him in any way will die of AIDS or something more terrible within 7 weeks.
just dropped another $1000 into eth, wish me luck /biz/ness men.
Good luck.
Remember.
Buy high sell low.
Shhhhhh
fork your mother if you want fork
being this new kys
because ETH is the stable coin in this chaos, it is proving itself low key

ETH being stable is the best thing on crypto.It's not a shit coin.It has stable price.When BTC is being a bitch, I exchange my hodlings for ETH and buy back when it's low enough
le money skelly
I think its just a complete lack of newsNo we'eve had good new all monthETH only goes up when theres no news for some reason
I don't see why faggots are putting their money into Tether to overcome the BTC crash, just put it into Ethereum.
It's less shady too.
eth is a piece of shit.
jews are out, no more free money for vitalik.
eth went from .15 to .04 in 6 months.
eth died completely and forever
its going up right now, btc and bch are still bleeding
I would be happier about it if it weren't for BCH, would just buy cheap BTC for hodling.
Why did everything had to become so complicated in one night?
I'm scared bros.
Bravo, anon.
Great fuckin pic
Look at this thread filled with human trash trying their hardest to FUD ETH which is the greatest cryptocurrency ever conceived.
They make me sick
bch should have stayed sub 300.
Its not a good coin but either is btc.
Neither of them can become a currency with their transfer fees.