next upward leg to 10k begins now, get in early
It was 5000 today retard
ya for under an hour if you didn't buy its too late 10k incoming and by monday bch will be under 500
waited for btc to go sub 7k aud.9k, ready to buy, start process>rockets to 8.6k audI feel sick
BCH IS THE REAL BITCOINWE'RE WINNING AND YOU KNOW IT COWARDS!!
yes, bitcoin cash scam is now almoust over, by monday things coming normal, and Bitcoin is 10 000 end of this year
Is it too late to buy more BTC?
Should I put in another $30 (all I can afford in USD)?
Today pissed me off so much.
All of my spare money was sent as a bank transfer to Coinbase a week ago, and its still confirming at Coinbase.
I didn't think it could possibly take this long.
I would have dumped all into BTC today.
Instead it will be back to the same price it was at before all this, before my money is usable.
ARE YOPU FUCKING KIDDING ME I JUST SOLD
% in alts.
sitting in my positions since before BTG fork.
wtf is going on with this forkery bullshit.
Classic
We've all been there.
Sorry brah.
when BTC is over $100K are you going to really give a shit?zoom out on life, bruv
SOLDfuck your mother if you want fuck
lol 80% of the people on here don't even own 1btc Not worth buying only $30 unless you DCA and buy it often with that amout with no fees on gdax.
Otherwise don't bother
So how much do you recommend someone to buy in USD?
$0
BEND THE KNEE SHITCOIN CASH
Never, Trump will ban Bitcoin for gold because it's used for funding terrorism, human trafficking, and other illicit activities.
Then how do you acquire BTC other than mining?
I was told that mining BTC isn't worth it and I was told it was better for me to enter this by just buying them.Would Congress really ban Bitcoin?
I feel you big dawg, went to buy in at the very bottom and my xfer is still being processed, now it has already gone back to 9k audBut it's ok, gotta take it as a learning curve, be more vigilant next timeWhen we rich af because btc is 100k+ it'll be aight
finish work>see btc at 4.2k uk poundaroos>heh nice, i'll buy it in a minute-4 mins later 4.4k, bought it at this>another 5 mins 4.6-4.7knot bad desu
LOL I ALMOST WENT WEAK IN MY HANDS AND SOLD MY BTCHOLY FUCKING SHIT THIS CRYPTO MARKET IS NUTS GODDAM
I concur.
Crypto scam, not market
BTC is so shit right now, I have high fee transactions taking 5+ hours to send.
Fuck BTC.
This person  is messing with you.
Just buy as much as you can and accumulate over time and don’t stress over the daily or even weekly fluctuations of the price.
You have to think big and long term when it comes to BTC.
Buy the dips with cash and hold it.
Don’t even think about selling for 5+ years.
You’ll be alright.
Think of it this way; when BTC was over $7.5k+ it was out of reach for most consumers.
BTC is unaffordable for most, which puts you in a special class if you own at least 1 BTC.
Just buy it before it hits $10k+ because by then, you will really be SOL
yes, pull all your money out if you still can.
So, I figured since some of you have so much BTC, I might go ahead and ask.I've had a really rough patch and life's really grim right now, any kind soul who'd help me get started with a bit of coin so I could get my life back on track?BTC wallet..1AfBU2wQ1Gr96GFrTtcve5CU9UWgmcJthd
next upward legJUST fuck my shit up senpai
i sold at 5900watched it go down some moregot a burritocame back to 6100 and fomo bought
I might as well keep telling my story in hopes of someone pitying me and helping me out.I got fucked by the system hard, the health care system here in Sweden is beyond bonkers.
I went in for help with a regular depression, and before I knew it I had social services breathing down my neck because of bullshit perpetrated by the health care system.Still, one visit and they knew it was all bullshit, but ever since then I've been labeled, forced meds and basically broken down.Not entirely though, because I still keep me afloat because of my daughter, but it's hard.
It's hard when you've been labeled something you're not because of a health care system that only cares about profit.If you're sitting there with a lot of coins, I swear to god if you help me out I will give my daughter the best life she could possibly hope for.All I'm asking for is a little bit of hope (and coins..)
>already back in the 5000s what a shitty post this was
See The most you'd ever get with begging is pennies and you'd be waiting ages for them to arrive.
>Bitcoin will never be in the 5000s ever again Lol it touched $5800 just a second ago.
I know, but it still doesn't hurt asking.
If I'm lucky, someone with a lot of coins takes pity and helps.
FUCK YOU OP I BOUGHT THE DIP AND NOW IT'S DIPPING EVEN MORESHOULD'VE BOUGHT BCH INSTEAD OF THIS FUCKING JEWCOIN