>November 11- SatoshiPay partnership with Stellar officially announced>November 14- Michael Dowling, the Group CTO and Chief Architect for Blockchain Financial Services at IBM, tweeted that they had showed a successful deposit and withdraw of 2 Singapore dollars(can officially convert XLM directly to Singapore Dollars)>November 16- Stellar ATM showcased at Singapore meetup.
To be deployed in near future.
There is a chance that Stellar will partner with NFT Consult, which is the leading human resources firm in East Africa, covering Uganda, Rwanda, Burundi, Tanzania, South Sudan and Kenya.-https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bOo3y7UnQEE-The reciept in the video is the exact same as the one Michael Dowling's tweets about the Lumen ATM>November 16- XLM gives a response that they will back on Changelly within the week.
On top of all the great news, Boris Reznikov(Partnership Manager)will be speaking at the 500startups meetup scheduled tonight at 6:30PM PST, which can always lead to new partnership agreements.
(I cannot find a live link to this, you are welcome to help me out with that)I think it's well known that /biz/ is full of people trying to shill their bags and a bunch of people giving advice that know fuck all, but every once in a while you find that an Anon has posted a gem, and that's what this board is to me.
I'm not here to spread FOMO or tell you to invest or ask you 'why you hate money', I simply want to give back to the few people in the /biz/ community that have helped me make more money in these past few weeks than I thought possible.
Any additional info or holes found in my research is not only welcome, but appreciated.
deluded lumie
XLM is definitely going places.
Even in the current dip it has put on a solid 20% in the last few weeks and it's straining to break out higher.
Be nice Thanks op Already fomo’d in last night
Recently gave away 2billion XLM as a grant for further development to a specific unknown company.
IBM was only given 5million.
I don't know who this unknown partnership is but might be big.
>In his Telegram message, Beder wrote that neither networks like Raiden nor alternative blockchains like EOS are ready for kin, but he added, "Stellar is indeed one of the directions we're investigating.
"https://www.coindesk.com/kik-might-move-its-ico-tokens-to-a-new-blockchain/
I hope so because I hold some but BTC will probably fuck up any gains that come from it
What can I say, man.
I have confidence in the project.
Same.
I bought 10k at 469 last night during the dip.
Down to about 460 on bittrex now so I'm thinking about getting some more.
parked my gains from the BCH run in lumens, I was definitely not aware of how far it is in the development and adaption this project is before yesterday.
Seems like it's setting up a nice platform at around 450 sats right now, think it's in a good spot to do another run during november
Was thinking the same thing, desu

i had 1 BTC that I'm holding in XLM.
The rest is in BTC or NEO/ARK.
4399549
Does this imply MUFG partnership over NFT Consult??
yeah these guys are super professional, no meme power or stupid skateboard stickers from this team
4399567It certainly does.
Then theres the zelle app.https://www.ibm.com/blogs/insights-on-business/banking/transacting-real-time-ibm-launches-new-payment-systems-zelle/IBM is the networking backbone of most banks.
Have a partnership with them is almost a guarantee to have a chunk of that business pushed to them.
Once it breaks the 500 resistance its off to the moon.
NFT ConsultThat's fantastic, but then what do you make of this?
Just a coincidence I suppose?
I thought it was a pretty solid linkup.
That is a HR company in africa/ asian countries.
MUFG and NFT are separate businesses with separate goals.
The atm is just further working proof of the concept and their partnership with nft consult is just proving they already have some working cases on the downlow.
Big news
Oh, cool.
Well thanks for the explanation.wut
Don't forget about the fact that the amount of coins in circulation just got cut in half on Coinmarketcap...
Yeah, this is a good thing though.