Are there any sites left that allow me to buy bitcoin without ID in the glorious EUSSR?
It defeats the purpose of an anonymous currency if I have to use my passport to buy it
I've tried using coinmama but for some reason even though I only tried to order 100$ worth it still asks for ID verification
Companies have to respect the law.You can still buy an anonymous currency to someone who agree to sell you some.
Just find a middle man.
be right wing>Hurr durr EUSSR>be left wing >Hurr durr the fourth reich Really makes me thinkAlso, it's not an anonymous currency.
It's pseudonymous
It was just a joke my dudeAre there any sites that do not require ID globally?
I don't mind using a VPN if I have too
Kraken Tier 2 unless you're german.
You can only use a bank account with the same name.
Try localbitcoins or look for BTC atms in your area.
4361187Are these bank transfer based or can I use prepaid card details?
You're right, WHERE MY LIBERTARIAN ANARCHISTS AT!?
We need to get rid of governments entirely.
Also I all into Link and Etherumn Gold.But seriously, the vitriol and the polarization of politics nowadays is frightening.
Both sides really are looking at two totally incompatible illusions of reality, and I stress "illusions" because neither is more accurate than the other.
Anycoindirect.eu up to a certain limit.
I agree.
Junker could come right to my home and kick me in the balls and I would still be glad we have a common market and the freedom of movement.
Sepa, Wire or Swift.Fees are 0€, 5€, 10€.
So bank transfers only essentially?Can you use pre paid cards?
It defeats the purpose again if I have to use a bank transferIf there are any outside of the EU I'll just use a VPN
What about buying altcoins anonymously with pre paid cards?
Are there any sites for that?
If you're in any respectable EU country you should have a BTC ATM near you.
I live in fucking Southern Europe and I found a BTC ATM in my city.
You put in cash and your wallet address and they send you the coins.
The fee was 5% which i found tolerable and in line with what online merchants offer
bitcoin atms do exist in europe, m8.
also there is several euro exchanges that sell vouchers that you can anonymously turn into several coins.
I agree.
Junker could come right to my home and kick me in the balls and I would still be glad we have a common market and the freedom of movement.And it only costs you democracy and your national sovereignty.
Awesome trade.
You can buy Bitcoinbon in Austria, which I believe are redeemable anonymously.
However you’re being billed a pretty hefty % above market.
Oh yeah, I forgot I can't vote anymore now
you can vote the eu-parliament and your national parliament
Yeah, I know
4361637I don't have any in my city sadly
Out of luck ther bruh.
Try a local Bitcoin trader.
Are there no American or Asian exchanges I'd be able to use?
I mean you could always mine.
The whole point if crypto is that anyone with a computer can get in.
https://whattomine.com/Instead of buying the coins directly you'd need to invest into a miner instead.
It would take a little longer until you get your value's worth but on the plus side you'd also make a profit constantly once you break even.
Hope you can get cheap electricity though.