The tension in LSK has been building since August.We have the difficulty adjustment, new exchanges, Rebranding announcements on the 22nd, core 1.0, the SDKAnon, this is a unicorn in the making
The lead developer is literally a tranny.
doing nothing.
like normal.
rebranding been happening for years on it but never gets done
Thiz.
Lisk gives me vibes like its gonna be an apple/amazon of blockchain.
30+ employees, working for over a year, $120m in assets.
In contact with Goole and Harvard.
Endless moon juice desu.I'm calling 2018 Lisk is the 2nd most popular platform behind Eth, maybe even flipping eth because JS devs are coming and they're coming in waaaves.they've spent 4 fucking months on it with 2 world class consulting services that help Boeing, Microsoft, etcIts going to be insane.
Watch the live stream on 22nd for them to drop the date
Ark will swallow lisks entire marketcap soon enough.
Lisk is old tech and old news
Nice to have a Core team with no chinks, kikes or streetshitters
i would fuck her in the ass no joke.
And?
If someone is good at coding (and trannies usually are, look at coreboot), does it matter?
Priced in
Old tech lol.
Its not even out yet.
Sidechains are the ultimate scalability and security solution - its very much new tech my friend.Ark is a hippie drug-fueled idealistic messLisk is a juggernaut of german engineering
How much lisk do you think I would need to hold to have 1MIL USD by the end
You'd be stupid to listen to me, but I expect the Lisk to be a unicorn this year and $5-10b if their SDK is received well, used, and (this is key) produces revenue for the company.That means 5,000-10,000 LSK and waiting a year if all those things take place.I also expect you to make the easiest 20% if you buy today
I've been holding for a while, bought and sold a bit.
But on the whole has been a portion of my portfolio since $3
Except your DPoS system is cancer enjoy getting buttfucked by whale cartells
I've been holding since 25 cents and I'll believe in the SDK's release when I fucking see it.
Yes, yes it does matter.
Trannies are mentally ill and emotionally unstable.
What if it kills itself?
And we’re mooning.How’s the view from down there, Little Arkies?