Ausfag here, need to cash out some btc what's the best site to use?
btcmarkets - 1-2 business day cashout
>tetherfinex
btcmarketsI did buy some of my btc through them so at least I have an account and know the site is okay.
Do you know if they offer a decent price?
I know some places tend to give shitty deals when people want to cash out.
Sell yourself on Localbitcoin and you get away with a slightly higher charger cause it's anonymous or use a buyer off the site like I did.Maybe use coinspot too, but havn't brought or sold btc.
Only alts.And btcmarkets is good but haven't used it myself.
Living room of satoshi.
Oh and how much btc you cashing out?
just curious
I have used livingroomofsatoshi a few times.
Had the money in my account on the same day.It has a rewards system and you can cash out 1k without an account or 50k with an account per transaction.
price is relatively decent - theres a 0.7% trading fee
about 3k aud.
Just checked out Localbitcoin, pretty interesting.
ill give you 10k cash per btc and no kyc customer bullshit
That's not a bad offer anon.
Whereabouts are you located?
Minto
Kek, I'm SA.
While I would love to get cash, bit of a distance haha.
nice try ancap
Cash out in Aussie prostitutes, or you are gay.
Just use Coinjar, better yet if you get their Coinjar EFTPOS card you won't even need to cash out.
Just FYI to everyone here actually.
If you cash out your BTC to fiat in bull market like right now (and the tides are about to turn) it will be a breeze and you get a relatively great exchange rate.
However, when BTC is bearish expect to pay hefty premiums for currencies like USD.Remember when you bought BTC on coinbase and you could swear that the price was lower when you hit buy?
Expect the same in reverse for selling.No matter what BTC to FIAT will always net you 10-25% less than you would expect from actual Market Price.
Where in SA are you?
Mt Barker
I found coinjar to be pretty favorable vs the BTC - USD spot price
Come to Adelaide and I'll give ya 9.5k cash Wont even shank you afterwards for my money back
>he thinks you can cash out
kek.
I only need to sell like 2 maybe 3k of btc.
Use coinspot.
It has good rates for selling
BTCmarkets no fee to cashout AUD and you'll have it within 2 days.
Trading fee is OK too.
Cunts best way to avoid tax ?
this
paying tax I really don't know how withdrawing btc will effect my centrelink payments kek.
Anyway I'm cashing out then withdrawing it all so my bank account with be empty af.
Coinjar.com.auprobably isn't the best for fees, i think there is about $100 worth of fees per btc.
i have only just done my first withdrawal to bank account ever.not sure how long it will take, might already be there i haven't checked.Depositing was pretty easy, used Bpay i think, took about a day and a half
+9000 for living room of satoshi.
I just checked my account and its in there.I put the deposit through at about 4pm yesterday.Can confirm, Coinjar only takes 1 day to withdraw.It took me about a day to be fully verified, and 2 days for me to verify my bank account.So if you signed up now, you would get your money on monday or tueday
How's bogan-filled Minto
What's the best way to buy BTC in Aus that doesn't involve a meetup/cramming cash into an envelope/credit card fees?
BTCMarketsCoinjarLocalbitcoin (Find vendor who accepts bank deposits.
But they higher charger per btc cause of no proper verifing)
Cheers fella
4519265Speaking of tax, do you tell the government about your crypto?
kraken works great with NAB (national australian bank).
tested plenty of times.
Bumping as I also need to know for a friend
Lol.
You are probably one of those Australians who actually thinks our whole country isn't entirely comprised of 100% classless , trashy bogans .
And what's better is the chinks who think they are free from this statistic as well.
Look at chinks ffs: trackies, slides with socks , shit sunnies
From what I've researched so far your best bet is opening up an offshore bank account in a country that you think won't provide our cuck government with details of their foreign investor accounts.
+ one Living room Satoshil.
I like to think we have some good folk, but most of them are fucking shit.
But Minto is a true bogan shithole and like 30 minutes away