SPANKCHAIN (spank)Just finished launch, and exchanges imminent>Exchange (large exchanges announcement soon)https://etherdelta.com/#0x42d6622dece394b54999fbd73d108123806f6a18-ETH>websiteSpankchain.com models lined up to start cam whoring>porn star endorsmentKayden Kross porn starIndustry Advisorthey have ties to major porn industries >other advisorsMatt ListonGnosis Joe UrgoDistrict0xOffers 5% fees vs other cam site at 50% feesalready 30 models ready to go, and their fans, the more models and fans the more spank needed>you can stake spankwill be hodled by investorswill be bought by not just crypto investors but by every fapping male out their.porns addicting, this offer anonymous way to pay for cam whoresalso you can make money as one>techThey are developing a wallet that offers micropayment channels for fast instant transactions, also available for other sites, that will eventually use it.This will be hugeDecentralized MarketplaceOur decentralized content marketplace allows models to upload and sell access to their pictures and videos for cryptocurrency.
It is being developed in collaboration with our partners at district0x to provide access to the most advanced blockchain community management tools.Why the Adult Industry?The porn industry is worth approximately $97 billion and is ripe for disruption.
Camsites take a 50% cut of model earnings and paid content networks take 20-30%.
Our technology allows us to charge dramatically lower fees while enhancing the user experience.
Why can’t I just pay with literally any other coin lmao??
find one that offers it and has the support of the porn industry, and models ready to earn money on cam with 45% LESS fees
how does the blockchain make anything cheaper?
only benefit i could see is making anonymous payments
This coin could have been great except it's so poorly thought out.>Proof of spankThats kinda funny, but pretty stupid.
banks not raping
why pay...when we can get it for free
idk man i really dont see a future where we have a crypto currency for every fucking industry out thereit would be far too annoying to manage your 100 walletsi just dont see it
true, but the porn industry makes money regardless
thats the thing, with ether you dont need 100 wallets just one, plus the models will accept any token, but need to convert it to spank
You have no idea how many lonely doomed beta cucks are out there.They're willing to pay $$ to jerk off to whores on cam that give them attention, something to fill in their own void.
its different when youre actually interacting with the person and ask for specific things to be done......that nut is A+
Woulda been better off calling it (Slut)>pic related>spank holder
i've bought up spank on etherdeltaplease don't fuck me spankchain
yeah I've seen some shit.
(OP)We're going to hack this coin and steal all your money kike.
why not invest in it and idk bank off it
accumulation is happening and its not even listed officially yet
volume increasing, dont miss this 10x guys
where buy?