sup bois.
just added some ark and monero today and am planning on holding this portfolio for the next year.
it's not very impressive compared to a lot of the other folios posted here but curious to hear who else would be comfy with this lineup for a 1+ year hold.
no bitcoin or ETH when institutional money will be pumping it to the moon
fair point, if I add another 500-1k it will probably all be eth
I think ARK and NAV both are poor decisions.
Sell your LTC/ARK/NAV for BTC and ETH.
Keep the XMR
people who are super into btc eth and ltc are the boring BUY AMAZON fags of crypto.
just go back to /r/bitcoin and your libertarian forums to hold in your steady cave state and let the leet 10x gainer chads play
 bitcoin / 10
This is perfect.
Go 60/20/20 BTC/ETH/XMR
quick thoughts on why ark and nav are poor choices?
My thoughts are 2-5x over the next year for those.
I have a difficult time believing btc will do that again
this.
invest back in ark mid december
people who are super into btc eth and ltc are the boring BUY AMAZON fags of cryptowe're the people who are making money while everyone spends months complaining about "bad alt markets".
btc should be the majority of every crypto portfolio.
You are the one of many who is still in the red from jumping shitcoin to shitcoin.
BTC went up %1,000 over the year
% of alts will be dead in a year.
Real investors want safe markets.
Only a few coins will survive as crypto goes mainstream.
% maybe, but I think i'd put that more like 2 years.
I'm not looking for huge moons on these coins, I'm just expecting that some of the smaller caps will jump faster than btc/ltc/eth and if they do I'll sell and accumulate the big three.
Don't listen to these fags, more than half of them FOMO on every coin they see on 4chan.
Your portfolio is fine, expect huge returns in 2018, just be patient.
If you zoom out on the graphs and observe each ALT coin by it's BTC value it's fairly obvious only a few alts make for a better investment than BTC.
At the moments you can buy ETH for the same amount it BTC as people who bought ETH at $50 usd.
As for LTC you pay less BTC now than you did in 2015.
In 2015 LTC was .015btc and now costs .008btc.
That is because Bitcoin has consistently outpaced almost every altcoin.
In almost every situation you'd have been better off just buying and holding BTC.
XMR is one of the rare exceptions.
And ETH will eventually gain ground on BTC.
It just may take some time.
ETH essentially has to remain cheap/sub 500usd to facilitate adoption of the platform.
You do this by keeping the barrier to entry low.
If Smart Contracts are to expensive it'll be harder to promote their use.
I imagine once ETH goes POS and delegates can vote on the instituted cost ETH will see large gains against BTC.
Good points.
Being completely honest I think I have a difficult time looking at pure investment vs projects I think are interesting.
Probably to my detriment.
The 30,000ft view is good perspective though.
Yeah ALTS tend to have shiny bells and whistles and are doused in glitter.
They make for a fun compulsive purchase but in the long run they are not a great investment.