Seldom have I ever felt such hatred and disgust as I do now.
The blatant ignorance of those BCH supporters is surreal (excused are those who just wanted to ride the hype train, although they should not wonder if they lose a big chunk of their holdings).They complain about centralisation, yet they support someone who patented a mining exploit, forcing everyone using it to pay royalties, hence directly profiting from mining centralisation.
Segwit was a threat to his reckless business model and BCH was created for the sole purpose of keeping HIS business afloat.I sincerely hope all of you BCH hodlers lose your money for good.
No coiner here, I only trade stocks and forex, can someone tell me what has happened?
All I know is something called BTC cash got dumped after being pumped, but why is this different to any other pump and dump?
making money off increasing mining efficiency is badyou're s a socialist and will loose everything because crypto is a free market8mb blocks increase mining centralisation by less than 1%increasd node centralisation does not outweigh high fees and slow confirmation times.
Node centralisation will be offset by moores law and the implementation of a node rewardincreased fees and slow confirmation times do not increase the store of value properties of bitcoinsegwit is not necessary for off chain scaling.
it is only necessary for blockstream patents and gives incentive for mining cartels to form
No,hardline libertarian who believes that monopolies restric free markets
Also, there has to be a transition away from POW.
It's utterly inefficient, a huge barrier to entry and gives voting rights to people with probably different incentives than the user.
Why should you be able to vote if you're not even needed to have a stake?
The postman should not be able to take decisions on behalf of shareholders.
It did not even dump, it's still much higher, than where I sold it 9 hours ago.
proof of work is superior for a money because the basis of a moneys store of value is in that it is transactable universally.
Proof of stake encourages people to hoard bitcoin reducing transactions and reducing store of value.if you're not a shill you need to ask yourself why you believe btc is bitcoin?
because it retained the name?
if you compared the code of bch to btc without knowing the name no one would believe btc is bitcoin.
additionally you need to ask yourself how you can justify hold btc in this situation when it has no emergency difficulty adjustment There is a certain price for bch that will be threshold that all hashpower leaves the btc blockchain and never returns at which point you will never be able to sellbch will never be below 1500usd again.
A chain death spiral of btc may occur tomorrow when bch fixes it's emergency difficulty adjustment
COREKEK GLOBALISTS WILL BE DEFEATEDIT'S BEEN A LONG TIME COMING, THEY HAVE BEEN TRYING TO DESTROY BITCOIN FOR A LONG TIME NOW
 more blocks until even the slowest guy leaves the partyProof of stake encourages people to hoard bitcoinBTC's deflationary nature does that anyway, which is also a reason why it wont ever be able to survive in our economiesThere I agree, but I see the root of the problem in POW and core's efforts away from it as a solution
wont ever be able to survive in our economiesas a main transactional currency
deflation isn't a problem when a bitcoin is divisible by 10^8high transaction fees and slow confirmation times will reduce store of value
deflation isn't a problem when a bitcoin is divisible by 10^8wtf, do you even econ bro?
?Nobody would spend as they'll get more the longer they abstain from buying, halting credit/money flow and putting people out of business
people wouldn't spend money on useless shit which is a problem for the government not for methe genuine problem of deflation that you can't have constant nominal denominations is solved by 1 bitcoin being divisible by 10^8 or more if need be
It's a problem for fucking everyone.If people stop buying useless shit, than those people selling useless shit get less money, so employees at the useless shit factory get less money, and so they spend less money on useless shit.Eventually this gets to the point where almost no-one spends money on useless shit, losing a ton of jobs, at which point people start cutting the money they spend on useful shit, then essential shit.Enjoy your deflationary death spiral bro.
useless shit like the things people buy to live a comfortable life like cars, minor medical cases, etc.Deflation incentivises people to live as long in discomfort as possible
lol are you retarded?
monopolies happen naturally in the free market, it's called first mover advantage dumbassalso what does socialism have anything to do with monopolies?
it's about democracy in the worker place called worker cooperatives, it has nothing to do with muh monopolies u fucktard, read opposing ideologies from actual people that know what they're talking about instead of relying on biz and /pol/tards for your info
Monopoly =/= first mover advantage.I seriously hope you don't believe this.
why are you invested in crypto if you believe this?
go hold your inflationary fiat you fool.
The collapse of the world population because of the collapse centrally controlled monetary supply is inevitable and I won't be victim to it so I'll buy bch and precious metalswhat do you believe people will die or live in squalor before they sell their bitcoin?
useless shit would be consumer goods not real assets or health
I'm actually studying econ, read Friedman's 'Free to choose' and his 'capitalisme and freedom'.
I think I have at least sufficient understanding of what I'm talking about.
no, but most monopolies are formed by people with first mover advantage.
like jesus fucking christ just look at bitcoin compared to any other crypto, it's #1 just because it was the first one you fucking idiot
that wasn't what i was talking about, i was talking about how u should read opposing ideologiesdon't just fucking read only your ideology, see what other economic schools/political groups have to say or u will look like a complete moron outside of your ideological clique