ITT: we try to justify why we didn't buy the 5400 dip
realistyically bitcoin is worth maybe 3k
Thought it was gonna far a bit more, bought ZEC instead.Also because I only have 3k in crypto all together.
It’s less than a month of my discretionary spending.
Crypto honestly fills the role of gambling for me.
Gives the same feeling.
*30k
Bbbbbbb what ?
what coin?
pennies or dimes ?
what coin r u talking about ?
I don't have any money.
I'm just here for the pink wojaks.
Bought at 5,700 while everyone thought there was a flippening happening.
I like Bitcoin Cash but I still bought the Bitcoin dip.
I will never doubt my bitcoin nigress again
I didn't haved any money
Because it's goign down to 4k.
ITT: we try to justify why we didn't get into crypto until this year
I was trying to save pennies.
Thinking it'd go lower by a few hundred
I was sleeping but I sold all my b-cuckcash for btc@$6300 on the way back upBTC up cuckcash down
i dont get paid for over a week.
A FUCKING WEEK!it's ogre.
I doubt there's more than 100% profit left in Bitcoin, and I don't have enough money that doubling it would make me rich.
>bought more btc at 5900>only had $400feels not quite as bad man
DELETE THIS
I was sleeping...didnt set a buy order.
All in on bch.
I was fucking your mother cuz i wanted to fuck
Traded the outdated Shitcoin for BCH, this new updated miner friendly coin is going placed we're in the accumulation phase meanwhile the whales are blatantly manipulating you all distracting you with muh 10k buttcoin yet you don't realize the fundamental issues with it.It is going to be a bloodbath once everyone starts selling out and going to the new Bitcoin, and we BCH adopters have front row seats.
shh, I'm still accumulating
This is alright my man
I agree, BCH trerwve tausend dorra in 2018, screencap dis
>hanging out with gfI fell for the womeme
not being obsessed and checking prices on ur phone every 20 mins
Realistically.... Realism.... Man you are in the wrong game...
Funny thing is that I was doing that, just thought it would dip more in the moment.
I also fell for the "its going to 4k" meme
It's not.
You look at it as either a working product or a store of value.
So it's either worth 30 cents or $100k+, not anywhere between that.
I bought a new phone and forgot to set up 2fa on it before flying to work.Missed all that easy money on the BCC pump too.
set buy order at 5100>only hit 5400>bought in at 7400>tfw $300 difference cost me 2k per coin
I cant wait to see posts like this for years to come
/biz/ told me that BTC was dead and BCH was going to take it's place and i actually believed you guys.
buy order was set at 5001.99>a billionaire literally cucked mejust fuck my shit up desu senpai
your>unbotheredWhy do you follow this dumb bitch?
I can't even afford enough fractions of a bitcoin for it to be worth it.
I'll probably have better luck going all in on low marketcap sub dollar shitcoins.
>he ddnt sell bcc at ATH>he didnt rebuy btc at ATL and sell at 7989>he didnt rebuy btc when it hit 7700 n he is not going to sell his btc on friday for bcc in preparation for jihan second bcc bumpi up 500k because of jihan and his btc war
Itt: we justify why we're not buying the 930 dip
I was out cucking uber lyft that night....Coinbase account still wasn’t verified with my bank.I was just checking in here on there on the night of the flippening.I’m all verified up, sent documents to kraken....no trades yet.
Shot is pumped too high
but OP I DID buy the dipbought the dip at 1400, 1700, 2200, 5400while you biztards chase shitcoins Im getting fucking rich here hahahhaha
I SAID I'M STILL ACCUMULATING SHUT UP GUYS
Repeat after me:"Buy high, sell low",that's the way we roll.FUD the pumpso, the coin I'll dump.The Lambo I lust,but the wallet JUST.Short the bull,long the bear.Leverage for lull...Dreams into thin air!Even a tiny drop and I fold!No rebounce to my weak hands..."Trend's changing!
Set the strong hold!
",My bad!
It forever descends...The whale is Yellow,the dollar is green.Pink Wojak fellow,hold this bag you're so keen.
25% pump in two days>doubts theres potential for 100% turnoverWell yeah if your only comfortable "holding" for  month like everyone else on /biz/ then sure, you wont be seeing any significant profit
My funds didn't arrive on time.
It was bullshit.
100k+ million circulating coins currently  market cap.4 trillion dollar market cap>the crypto industry would need to grow by a factor of 10 to support thisI can't see this happening.
didn't have fiat ready, it was 2 days after, damn
Was waiting on a bank transfer that came in the day after.
I was watching every minute of it knowing what I'm missing because the "2-4 business days" time actually took a week and a half.
Literally rothschild's pocket change.
larp
AYO *SMACKS LIPS*WHY DINDU BUY DA DIP FOOL?
only bought 25% of my stack at 5450 because "oh it's gonna keep dropping"kill meh
In BCC crash a predicted a 5008$ floor
because if bithumb didn't go down BCH and BTC would have flipped and you couldn't predict it would go down.//thread
I swear to fucking god if the same shit repeats itself from last week and BCH starts skyrocketing instead of my alts I'm going to actually hunt down the retarded chink who made that vaporwear and fuck his mother fuck
It more than doubled in a couple months
cute
the wash traders on bithumb were never going to successfully flip the market
Simple.
there was a risk that a major crash might happen because of BCC.
So I converted to fiat and waited until the coast was clear before moving back into bitcoin.
Missed out on the chance to get cheap bitcoin, but it was worth it to avoid the risk of losing a lot more due of BCC
I was with this chick.
Didn't even smash
MUH FLIPPENINGSATOSHI'S VISIONCHINESE GOVERNMENT BACKINGFUCK
(you)
coinbase is a fucking sack of shit that's why
I did buy it, but on accident.Well, I bought 5500+, because I wanted to buy some alts.
I thought BTC was gonna go much lower.
I didn't buy it because all those assholes kept saying it was going to 4800 lol.
Jokes on you, I bought precisely at 5500 because people here https://discord.gg/MfMw9 predicted that it will raise again and advised to buy.
I still think this might be an elaborate flop flip to get BTC price high one more time then a sudden switch to BCC.
I am not putting money where my mouth is though
nicehe doesn't knowMade my first ever bitcoin purchase at $5800, FeelsGoodMan.jpeg
>didn't buy in at 1900 dip 4 months ago
Because we all know the BCH flip pump is coming again and won't get screwed up this time.
No way in hell I would touch BTC right now.
BCH is ironically a more safe buy right now since it has fallen quite far.
Yeah lemme just catch that falling knife for you, maybe it wont hurt TOO much.
I thought it was going to dieAll those unconfirmed transactions, all the signifigant people who praised BCH, the massive BCH bullrunI should have known to get in when both prices settled for ~1 hour
Market cap of gold is like 40 trillion kek
I hate this bitcorn scam
I had been browsing /biz/ since a few days before the dip.
I immediately picked up on how Bch was a scam and how BTC was on its way to 4-5k before it went back up to ten.
If I knew how to trade bitcoins I woulda put 300 on it and came out with 420.. hehe.
Is it too late?
If I don’t get into this by tomorrow to make at least a bit over 300 I’m going to FOMO myself, aren’t I?
I was a conventional stock trader nocoiner and coin luddite.
I saw the woggening of btc and bch last week, thought okay that's enough i gotta get in.
Took a few days to get an exchange account setup and verified, missed the dip.
Shoulda got in on coins last January but I thought it was too risky at the time.
captcha: Extra Tulipeshmm...
If you cant figure out something as simple as trading crypto in the modern time of freely available information then you should probably leave your hands off this.Everybody can say they "knew X" and maybe you really did but you probably also think you "know Y" and are completely wrong and then you lose tons of money there.
>bought the 5700 dip but was limited to $400 maximum on gemini
dieIt should die.
So many better coins out there, but its only around because its the original.
If crypto ever starts being used as an actual currency and not just a store of value, it will certainly die, or evolve.
Because I thought and still think it's going to 4k
It was those fucking BCH shillers!
Because the flippening was going full force but it was cancelled
If you cant figure out something as simple as trading crypto in the modern timeI literally said I figured out a great deal in only a few days time.
Honestly this is surprisingly easy stuff to figure out.
I’m going in tomorrow, anyone can see we got at least 10k in the near future before anything major happens, I’m just asking anonymous autists for the sake of thread discussion.
$300 is not a lot for me.
It was never going to happen but people are too dumb and get manipulated easily.
Because I bought the 400 dip years ago.
dude If I followed my instinct I would already be up 2500%