>Bitcoiner's acting all high and mighty because of bitcoin pumping and alts dumpng>Only reason Bitcoin is pumping is people expecting to get a free altcoin (Seg2X) during the hardfork>Muh parabolic fundamentals, muh bitcoin maximalismAnyone else tired of this fork bullshit?
Honestly i cant wait for it to end in a week.
nobody wants this fork.
everyones coins value were cut in halfi mean, I sold and rebought, but only with 30% of my stack
Honestly the only thing that would stop this from happening again is one of the fork chains dying and people getting burnt for supporting one chain over the other.
BCash not dying opened this can of worms.
BTC is pumping for the scammiest fucking reasons.
Major FUD is coming soon.
Hodl tight and know that if btc survives this fork it's going to good places.
Hopefully segwit2x doesn't fuck things up too much.
When can we expect some solid FUD?
I want to buy more BTC, my portfolio is too alt-heavy.
% BCH 50% NULS.
LETS DO THIS BABY, CHINK MINERS GONNA MAKE US RICH
BCash not dying opened this can of worms.Fucking this, we need a bancor tier cucking to put a lid on this free money shit, these forks are the uncapped trash ICOs of BTC
Massive incoming fud right before it forks.
If you time it right you could get some good profits on both chains.
https://www.voanews.com/a/north-korea-turns-to-bitcoin-for-cash-amid-increased-international-sanctions/4041563.html
MFW 90% BTC, 9% fiat, 1% linkim going to sleep now and will wake up to literally hundred of dollars more than i dont have now thanks to you guys "trading" your shitcoins left and right.
you are -literally- working for me now.i would say thanks but im not very grateful.
you deserve to lose your money and give it to me.
it is your duty now.good night my good little goys!
BTC will survive and it will be worth $20k in short timeyou are already very salty so consider going all in on King now to prevent more frustration later
You realize that once people get tired of this forking bullshit BTC would have a hard time breaking new ATHs?
Literally every all time high it broke starting August was because of forking politics.
BTC wont be able to keep playing its fork trump card any longer.>"trading" your shitcoins left and right.Yeah because the fork gains this month absolutely outperformed buying ANS and OMG even if you take this alt dip into consideration.
If you bought alts shilled heavily and constantly in the span of months in biz, you'd still be in a significant profit right now compared to holding only BTC.
This is what im talking about.
You bitcoin holders are trying to act like BTC is currently outperforming alts this month because it has better fundamentals when everyone knows its because of the free bitcoin altcoin meme kek.
Only a matter of time before the fork ends and they wont be able to play the same trick for a while or possible never be able to use it anymore.
overblown shitcoin rises in price because of free gibsmedatscoins>yeah baby we are the king haha>can't even use BTC to buy a coffee
4245175you are just salty altcoinersBTC already forked once this year and never stopped reaching athbut your shitcoins are true definition of bubble because they are riding on king's tails of success and nothing more
Listen, I know BTC is a good thing, in fact it's a great thing, but you are acting high and mighty about a product that is:>slow>virtually unusable for small transactions>is only being pumping because of gibsmedats coinsSit down, be humble
BTC already forked once this year and never stopped reaching athForked once, kek.
It already produced 3 forks faggot.
Each time causing its price to pump to new all time highs.
You bitcoin fags are forgetting that each fork excluding BTG will now compete for the hashing power of Bitcoin.
You guys are fucked.>BCash>Bitcoin Gold (Kek nice fundamentals)>Segwit2X>but your shitcoins are true definition of bubble because they are riding on king's tails of success and nothing moreYeah sure, Ethereum and other alts that are actually usable are the real bubble.
Not some coin that is pumping because of "free coins".
Tell me, when you're FOMOing or just want to save money when transferring between exchanges which do you use?
Ethereum or Bitcoin kek.
I know a lot of you fags use Ethereum when you're rushing between exchanges.
Also bitcoin boy, try doing this>Buy $10 worth of Bitcoin like a proper normie you expect to buy-in in the future>Try transferring the $10 worth of Bitcoin you boughtHow much money would be left in your balance?
KEK!!!!!
He's balls deep in BTC.
It has gone to his head.
slowtemporarily>virtually unusable for small transactionstemporarily>is only being pumping because of gibsmedats coinsthat is only your assumption Ethereum and other alts that are actually usable are the real bubble.ETH is currently not usable for anything besides scam ICO operations that have ability to completely clog the network for many hoursIt also has enormous attack surface that already resulted in millions lost during various hacks.On top of that running full node is already more resource-intensive than running BTC full node
that is only your assumptionAnd your assumption is what?
That the pump in price near fork dates are a coincidence and muh parabolic fundamentals?
This just goes to show how deluded you guys are.>ETH is currently not usable for anything besides scam ICO operationsEthereum already handles more transactions than Bitcoin and has significantly cheaper transaction fees.
Hmmmm but you didnt know that didnt you?
Because you dont even bother researching about alts and dismiss them completely as shit.Also, the only reason ETH's use case is stuck with scam ICOs is because of a lack of trusted oracles.
Why do you think everyone is hyped up about ChainLink?
bitcoin is only temporarily slow and unusable for small transactionsThen tell me genius, how will they speed things up?
Bigger blocks, sidechains, or retain everything as is?
KEK do you even know what the fork is about?
Tell me, which chain do you support?
Because no matter which option you pick, BTC is fucked.
Anyone else tired of this fork bullshit?This has only just begun.Soon kindergarten classes will be creating Bitcoin forks as playtime activities.
I had a conversation about Ethereum with a Friendwhat do you think about this "Ether is FUEL for the network.
If it becomes too expensive then it will be redundant "?of course it can be more expensive, There is no hard limit on ETH, And its divideable to 18 decimals, No reason why it cant go to 10k eachEther is used to pay the worldwide ethereum virtual maschine to provide verifiable computations.
Miners are being payed Ether in fees which is the incentive to continue mining.When the switch to "Proof of Stake" comes there will be no mining anymore and because staking does not cost too many computational resources the fee for computation on the blockchain will decrease dramatically .....As the switch to "proof of stake" is planned in the next 12 to 24 months, the ether amount needed to do a transaction would also decrease by a hundredfold, Which is the reason why the price can go up 100x and the chain will not die !!!
!do you not think as a result more and more miners will move away from ETH to other cryptos...?The mining hardware are scrypt ASICs, Which can only be used for scrypt based Blockchains, wont work for BTC, monero, LTC or whateverThe lowest amount of bitcoin is 1 Satoshiwhich is 0.00000001 BTCThe lowest amount of ETH is one Weiwhich is 0.000000000000000001 ETHas for this coming fork on the 16th November the price of cryptos will rise afterwards even if it plummets because most of the major exchanges such as coinbase do support it.
in fact coin base will be hosting bitcoin cash as well next year!!!
I believe it is next January so buy and hold !!!
all free money.... no harm........
It is an upward trend.....
is bitcoin cash a good investment?