I'm looking for some basic TA tips that are related to crypto.
What are the best resources?
http://lmgtfy.com/?q=how+to+kill+yourself
Try a thing called Google
google coils, head and shoulders, double top, double bottom, and trend testing.
learn those, then learn other things after.
google u idiot
I know its offtopic but it really isnt worth creating a new thread.
I was just wonderingLets say hypothetically you have a coin valued at 10000 sats, $1.
Then the price of btc suddenly moons 100%, but your coin stays at constant and stable $1 because no money is leaving it and none is coming in.
Now, no one is selling or buying the coin, but the price in BTC obviously has to fall to 5000sats.
Its all logical and i understand that.
What i dont understand is, if no one is selling and the price is constant in USD, how does the value in BTC fall of your coin?
Is it then the exchange steps in and adjusts the value in BTC?
coils?
nothing comes up.. mis type or is tehre another word for it pls?thanks for advices
people are actively trading 24/7 and with bots.
The moments btc surges people (or their bots) will sell their alts for btc like hotcakes therby driving down the price in sats.The price DOES NOT have to fall 50% in sats, it's just that people sell their alts for btc that causes it to happen.
If no one's buying or selling then you have the same amount of btc but more fiat.
Sometimes you get a double moon.
TA doesn't apply to crypto because of volatility and pump and dump groups.
You just have to continually be on the pulse and use your gut.
Do research.
Know fomo and fud.
Sometimes things have to bleed.
And always buy high, sell low.
Trend lines, support and resistance, you're good to go.
Stay away from indicators, they're useless in the long run.
So that means the team/company that made said coin doubles in marketcap without having any new investors?
Just as the value of your coin in USD doubles?
Doesnt make any sense.
Literally free money for doing nothing
This, TA is a meme anyways.
what?
are you a fucking idiot?
Explain.
No one is selling or buying your coin, no bots, no people, so the value in USD stays the same at $1.
BTC moons.
What happens to the value in BTC of your coin?
All my asking for.
People FOMO into BTC as soon as BTC moons.BTC is the only coin worth holding.
investopedia.comlurk moar faggot
Bitcoinschmitcoin probably best crypto technical analyst, pulls like 200k a yr from his  man Patreon.
Lots of other good ones on YT.
Also just DYOR fag
Also don't bother trading anything but top 25 coins if you are doing TA.
You will end up with a lot of shitcoins if you just buy whatevre you see
guess the coin.
get this fat, disease ridden, pig from my screen pls

Bitcoin?
shit heads.Join Xaviers school.its 4chans stock/crypto room, complete with education channels.https://discord.gg/2GsNAp
Genius of the day

GEE WHIZZ I DIDN'T KNOW WE WERE ON /google/ HAHA SILLY ME LET ME CLICK ON OVER BACK TO /biz/ SO I CAN... wait....... USELESS FUCKING POSTERS POSTING USELESS FUCKING POSTS ON MY BOARD?!?!??!Reported.
thought you were describing the OP pic