Okay /biz/, what do you think I should do.
Currently, I have nothing invested in crypto, been reading a lot about it in the past few days.
Should I buy some btc now and turn it into alts (thinking about NEO ETH LINK and something else) or should I just wait for the fork and but btc then when it's at a dip?
Currently, I have nothing invested in cryptoKeep it that way.
The easy money is done.
Every time someone here makes any money, its because another 9 idiots here lost that money.Odds are you will belong to the later group.
Thanks for the advice but I'm definitely going to invest this month
Buy ETH then, I'll keep your money safe.
been reading a lot about itWhat have you been reading?
Trying to start out as well.
Check out the data dash YouTube channel
As someone who went from 0.71 BTC to 0.48 BTC, can confirm, be very careful OP.
data dashNoice!
Anything else up your sleeves anon??
I'm in the same boat as OPWhat did you do to lost that much?
Calling someone idiots just because they lose money temporarily in these markets is not a very accurate description.Guess what, markets are HARD to read.
You have to devote a lot time to do it correctly.
You might also be inexperienced and know nothing about how markets work (like I did).
You might think you know more than you do (Dunning-Krueger) (like I did).
You might FOMO because you really believe in some technical detail (like I did).NONE of these things makes you an idiot.
I can tell you I put in 9k (all the money I currently own) and I am down to 4k now.
I will soon have a master's degree in CS from a top university.
So I am not fucked or an idiot.
I am only fucked in the short term and I have learnt some pretty valuable lessons doing this.
And I still might end up getting back the money I invested long term.And to OP.
I think there will be another bear market spanning 1-2 years.
That would be a great opportunity to buy I'd say.
Just in the middle of that period.
There has been a lot of growth in these last couple of months.
But it could also be that it will keep on increasing a lot.
I have no idea.
So maybe put in a little right now before the fork.
But don't FOMO like I did and put in all your savings.
Because it really does take some time to learn these things, even if you are quite smart.
Buy BTC, hold until after the fork.Then buy alts.
But pick a few projects you really like because they sound like they will work.Then, and this is the important part, put down your phone and walk away.
Don't day trade as you are too new and are going to screw up over and over again.
Just walk away until you hear a new coin you believe in and then invest new money into it.
You will make it.
If you know the right places.
https://discord.gg/5c4ghCj
Thanks senpaii.
I've been holding bags some exchanging and trying icos and i'm up double to triple with little effort in a since MarchThat's just not good enoughWhat the upcoming fork has done is give me an opportunity to nearly force me to sell all my assets back into BTC for the fork, because why give away free coins?That said I'm not holding anymore even for that day.
When I realized that a huge weight came off my chest.
I wasn't stuck emotionally any more to anything even BTCFrom now on I don't give a fuck about shit except for SALT and LTCLTC I'm using as my tether, why because it's design concept from the beginning was to be the silver to btcs gold, it's faster cheaper undervalued and will mostly climb or have reasonable bottomsSALT I'm stacking because I'm going to take out loans so I'm loading up nowEverything else I'm trading day to day selling at a 5 - ?
?% increase into something else with trading volume at one of the better % drops on the day taking into account the actual asset underlying value as psychological floor for the market.Fuck bag holding unless you personally believe in the company or somethingUnburden yourselves guys
Easy euro-invest in bitcoins and no risk on being scammed in the buying process.WKN: VL3TBC ISIN: DE000VL3TBC7Get into Bitcoin Normies.
What's a wallet?
>LINK
alts are very cheap atm.
expect them to increase in price after fork.