That is great chance to buy the best undervalued token of the market !!
!Token symbol: FUELICO price was 1 ETH = from 3000 to 1275 FUELNOW you can buy 1 ETH = 7400 FUELEtherparty is a platform that removes the complexities and management of creating and executingsmart contracts.
What sets Etherparty apart from the other code-based solution includes:01 NO OTHER TOOLS REQUIREDUsing Etherparty means you won't need to install anything else like Geth, Meteor, or Mistto run Smart Contracts.02 SMART CONTRACT TEMPLATESYour contract drafts are always available and ready to execute.
Log in from anywhere and deploy.03 NO SYNC REQUIREDEtherparty works directly with the Ethereum network so there’s no delay for software to syncto quickly execute a contract.04 USER-CREATED CONTRACTSUsers can create custom contracts to suit their needs.05 LEGALLY BINDING CONTRACTSUsers can access simple legal agreements, add conditionality and deploy and the contractwill be legally binding under the law placed in the contract.06 ENTERPRISE SOLUTIONEtherparty’s enterprise solution allows companies to integrate and upload their own documentsand turn them into a smart contract.
No need to change their current infrastructure.07 FLEXIBILITYParties to the contract can create access for a third-party mediator or arbitrator for contractdisputes when necessary.Etherparty has a working beta product live on the Ethereum Ropsten testnet.
What are the tokens used for and how can token value appreciate?FUEL is the token that powers the Etherparty platform.
Users will pay for access to the platform’s functions, which includes access to the smart contract library, security monitoring tools, and a network monitoring dashboard.Contracts will require FUEL tokens.
Because the price of FUEL may fluctuate, Etherparty will peg contracts to a fixed amount of USD, and adjust the amount of FUEL required to execute the smart contract based on this fixed price.FUEL will serve as access for smart contracts on multiple blockchains, integrating these disparate blockchains into one unified view within the Etherparty platform.As FUEL tokens are required to perform different actions on the platform, the more usage Etherparty has, the more valuable FUEL tokens should beTeamEtherparty has a large team of 23 as it is developed by Vanbex, a blockchain consultancy company since 2013.
Vanbex is a member of the Enterprise Ethereum Alliance.
OpportunitiesThe project is run by a solid team at Vanbex, a blockchain consultancy company since 2013.
Vanbex’s clients include Dash, Aeternity, First Blood, ether.camp, Factom, Storj, etc.The use of smart contract hasn’t even scratched the surface yet.
With the development of dApps and blockchains continuing to solve the scalability issue, It is expected that smart contract usage will experience exponential growth in the coming years.Etherparty’s long term goal is to be blockchain agnostic – they can benefit regardless of which blockchain will emerge as the dominant one.Contract templates and library will continue to grow.
Eventually, many of the corporate functions can be performed using Etherparty, including voting and ballot box contracts, notary services, multi-signature escrow contracts, family trusts, money manager, crowdfunding, timesharing, real estate sales, and supply chain management.
The potential for the project is very large.
it is going to allow people without coding knowledge to create and execute smart contract at the push of a button.This is going to accelerate the blockchain adoption rate of individuals and companies and at the same time, drive a lot of usage of FUEL tokens.As Vanbex Group, the team behind Etherparty, advises enterprises on blockchain technology and applications, they understand what their clients’ needs are.
Therefore, I believe Etherparty has a good chance to succeed.
That is the Black Friday Gift for you retards!!
!Only idiots don`t see the potential of this project .
Make a long presentation of a coin>Don't even mention where to buy it
It is listed to Binance yesterday.
Moon mission is just starting.
yeah, the ceo was charged with cocaine posession and having an affair with the chink in the team.
this is the scam of 2017 biz.
stay alert.
and dont buy that shit coin or you will be burnt.
Agree.
FUEL is a smart contract creator, mass-adaption platform with no comparison at all.The team and backers believe it will reach $1/FUEL
WTF are you talking idiot.
Did you research what is that project.
Don't buy then and stay poor forever.
Great project.
Ark of the eth world