For anyone interested in a really speculative crypto, look into tradecoin.It is listed on novaexchange and has a marketcap of only $8k.The two devs have finalised and tested marsternodes and are due to release them very soon, along with new exchanges.Obviously this is a risky coin, but it could easily 10-50x.Link to the discord:https://discord.gg/6RzcJ5
Announcement this morning from one of the devs
Very interesting, lowest market cap I've ever seen, will be buying some.
Thanks.
Yeah it was the low mc and the fact that the devs are active and working hard on the coin that got my attention.
Its the kind of coin that if you have some spare satoshis free that you just chuck it in this coin and forget about it for a couple of weeks
HUGE SCAM DUDE these devs PnD your ass to Bankruptcy!!!!
If you want a low marketcapcoin that can do 10x and possibly 100x go check out LuxCoin, 5% premine but it still beats ICO shitcoins raising 50million
These Devs seriously walk in and out of the project dissapearing when they dumped all their coins to buy back in low a while later and target new victims, pumping the price back up and then Dumping it again.
Seriously don't get involved unless you want to lose everything to these greedy assholes, everything is fake.
Checked their website: account suspended.No I won't touch this.
4392582Come on mate, you know that's not true.I've been in constant communication with mark and ryan for a little bit now, they are genuinely and fullu committed to this project
Theres a new site currently being made.Ill dig up the screen shot, it actually looks really good!
Mark and/or Ryan detected
Here
Fuck off go shill ur scam somewhere else
Fuck off mate.I clearly stated MORE THAN ONCE that this is a risky buyIt's kinda pathetic that we can't even have one thread on speculative cryptos without idiots like yourself jumping in and screaming scam without even doing any research.
If you want to be convinced that this isnt a scam, go to the discord and ask questionshttps://discord.gg/6RzcJ5
Got myself into a coin yesterday.
6.2m supply, $41k market cap.I felt like risking some cash for what could be potentially huge!https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/zayedcoin/