Alright faggots, Some of you that live on the comfiest side of the planet are getting ready to go sleep, but got hit with the tether scam like a BRICK, and out of panic, are thinking of staying up all night incase of a dump.So... you wanna wake up tomorrow and be up in alts, in case this spreads to the masses?
Put your BTC in XMR right the fuck now.
Scenario 1: BTC experiences a panic dump, XMR as a save haven and small moon/steady price for your holdingsScenario 2: BTC fluctuates between 7.7k-8.3k (more so now than before because it has been for the past 2-3 days)Either way, Monero is your only safe bet right now.
Put in and go to sleep, don't stay up all night fucking worrying.
Agree with this.
Buy the best coin out there.
This is what I did.
Looking like the best move
dont forget about mod as well
fuck off retard, no one fall for this shit.
Monero is on the downtrend from the august pump, wont break 171k and will crash back to 120-110k.
Dont let this fucking idiot fool u
then tell me, whats the possible outcome of this tether bullshit rn?
and what do move your btc into?that's what i fuckin thought, cant name a single coin better than XMR right noweat my ass, faggot
I jumped into BTC to move this shit into fiat while everything crashes and it's taking an hour to move it out of Bittrex.
I hate bitcoin so much, fucking hell.
Im about 90% into monero now.
Keeping my funds in there and eth to weather the storm.
i have over 5000 xmr
4479909what wallet do you use
It's monero-wallet-cli, it's really great actually.
Not sure if it's linux only though.
no one needs to shill XMRif you do your research u will realize it is everything BTC should have beenonly non shitcoin alt out there outside of maybe ETH
mymonero.com is a web walllet run by fluffypony XMRs lead devtrustworthy and reliable
all my .4 xmr is safe thank you op
Doing research on Monero now (been meaning to get in), but this is the same conclusion I'm coming to.
thank you, anon.
unlike all these speculative shit coins people actually use monerothe same use case that set the foundation for btc value originallyxcept monero wont end with funds being confiscated from dnet markets"...and an unknown amount of monero."
ETH is a shitcoin too.