>REQ is in affiliation with ING, an actual monetary firm>lel who cares>OMG is in affiliation with a greasy fast food place>BUY BUY BUY this market is fucking stupid
And Ripple is now bed fellows with American Express.
Look what that did for them.Nothing.The era of gainz are closing.
Ripple is also already valued super high so an upswing would be less like anyway
REQ is in affiliation with INGNope>OMG is in affiliation with a greasy fast food placePartnered.
And also with several big banks :^)REQ is literally just a white paper and nothing else
REQ is just a white paperso whats OMG's product then?
POWR is LITERALLY going to be used in a major city in australia>who gives a fuck>OMG skateboard has an apple sticker on it>goes 15xi fucking hate crypto

This guy got it right.
REQ doesn't even has a partnership with ING, i mean just lul
Omises millions that they process each and every day :^)
This is why you need to research projects and think about where they will be a year from now.
no one of importance has really shilled REQ to the sheep investorsmostly likely money will start following in after the beta is released
They just have regular meeting because of their old company "Moneytis", the don't really care about this shitty WP project.And btw guys, have you checked out their epic github?
Their comittment ratio is disgusting.
lol retards who bought REQ need to neck themselvesGood job being a delusional fuckhead that gets shilled like a true goyim.
Whatever.
just accumulate quietly while it's dirt cheap and enjoy the pink wojaks in a couple weeks once REQ finally takes off and /biz/ once again sold at the bottom.
Why should this shit take off?>Muh we are getting our first proof of concept after we have raised 40M.
why are you fuding?you seem too emotionally invested in this token
Yeah I know this board is retarded.
They'd rather put shekels in a 20x higher valued token that already had its major pre-release-of-product mooning with a worse team and less industry connections than one with a much wider use case and a more clean and better structured concept for how it will work.
Not to mention how shady and retarded OMG's marketing has been.Reminder that YCombinator's extreme aggression will never be as cool to brainlets as a skateboard with some stickers on it.They don't even have the mental fortitude to bother finding out what YCombinator is in the first place.
They know skateboards though.
And stickers.
Stickers of great implied partnerships.
Remember when Omisego was sucked off by McDonald's and now every single OmiseGO coin = 1% share of McDonald's?Remember when Apple agreed to bundle OmiseGo with every apple product and communicated this through a sticker on the bottom of a skateboard?This is how the average crypto investor "thinks".
This is why OmiseGo has more than half a bill marketcap.Omisego actually has some super valuable partnerships that make them worth quite a bit, but they're barely shilling them and no one even pays attention to them it's hilarious.
Floating on skateboard memes instead.
But not on the blockchain, not using the actual OMG token.
They're not any closer to release than Request.
Not anymore.
But i am just trying to open the eyes of some people.
REQ is one of the worst memes.
The only way this shitcoin knows is down and don't come up with the /biz/ meme, hodlSorry that you still believe in REQ
YCombinator's extreme aggression
pajeet... they are releasing the fucking request payment website this year, they are working on continuous payments this year, they are doing everything THIS YEAR.if we don't 50x by christmas i'll be VERY surprised
this only goes live on testnet this year brethren
.5b marketcap by EOY or i fucking kill myself
https://blog.request.network/request-network-project-update-october-27th-2017-1cd981fe131a>Since we’re ahead of the roadmap, we decided to move the “website to interact with Requests” that was initially planned for Q1 2018 to Q4 2017.
The website will also support the first of our use cases: business invoices.
We’re looking forward to sharing a sneak peek of its UI/UX in a few weeks.
digit confirms
Still not on Test Net right?
Will only be relevant after Main Net launch