>http://www.viewfin.com/#smooth-scroll-topGG.Literally new ETH.10b$ mcap next year confirmed.
Oh fuck I'm hype!
I've been telling you fags about this criminally undervalued coin.
Threads always die with few posts and nobody else makes them.
You'd rather shitpost about your NEO bags or some oracle guy who's apparently a big problem
This.
mooning right now, im in
Of the coins i'm holding I think this will be the soonest to genuinely moon and find a new floor.
only one exchangenot going anywhere
feel free to buy it for $50 when it gets listed on btitrex
My miners have been sitting on this since DAG 1 Epoch, nom nom nom, this is beast coin...
I hold a significant position in ETP which I'm unfortunately in the red on currently.
I would buy the dip that started around Nov 1 but I don't really want to take money out of anything else I hold right nowinstead to lower my cost average right now, I've locked my ETP long term to earn interest also mining some ETP as well
what pool are you in
Bags are full.
Cannot wait for some big news as a catalyst for saturn
> wanna get in> HITbtc downlel, talk about fate
Could had been the next NEO if it weren't for the China fud, but as it is I don't have high hopes for it, but who knows.
damn, I was waitng for this to get below 3 USD again.
Had to FOMO now, well its going to be worth it, one of the safest crypto bets ATM
only 500 ETP, will I make it?
Platform for businesses instead of developers coupled with oracles.
Very high on ETP.
Even if you just wanted a nice flip the entry price right now is very good.
>bitfinex withdrawal is taking longer than usualThis is what greed does to you.
In sandpool, even with the fee, it is better!
It got through 30 minutes ago.
Still, I'm concerned about the fate of ETP with all the bitfinex fud.
It's pretty much the only exchange on which it is traded.
It's pretty much the only exchange on which it is traded.there is also hitbtc, but it is a scammy exchange too
They are listed on HitBTC as well.
Also they plan to release on a new exchange each month.
Don't let that hold you back.
hitbtc is a piece of shit tho.