So this pajeet is recommending BCH up to $1400 to his readers as a buy, recommending to put down $500-1,5k
It's a good recommendation.
Zoom out and look at the BCH curve.
It has extremely strong support at this price.
If it was going to tank it already would have.
Then once it pulls back to $600 remember to buy the rest
I thought STORJ was the new coin.
Or is there more than one?
STORJ together with all the toher Predictiomarket coins are utter shit.
There's a Predictionmarket crypto coming that is licensed and has a product and is supppppaaaa cheappp with a 5 million marketcap on its launch on the exchanges (assuming the price is the same as ICO)
It's fake report
Btw Teeka also said to have no Stop-Loss inb4 teeka pumps BCH for readers...
How is it fake?
Nice fud corecuck, its real
When is ZEN going to moon, you pajeet fuck?
-2 years according to his report on it..
Pajeet BCash is a lock, lads.
Moon in minutes.
Ganesh wills it.
how to determine the exact moment the moon is over?
thats how i always get screwed.. i keep thinking it's just gonna be a small dip and suddenly a big fucking red candle that goes straight down before i have time to sell
moon is never over.
There's no return flight.
You stay mooned and pull donuts in your lambo killing time until all the hot bitches turn up.
If you reach the moon and then dip back you never mooned at all: you just Nevada sound staged.
nigger it was over pretty quick yesterday and the day before justing me in the process.
Learn some basic TA, its not gonna make you a daytrader but it will help significantly with determining highs lows, drops, breakouts and corrections.
That was a fake moon landing.
You got Nevada'd.
any recommended sites to get started?
Try youtube and investopedia.
Just get started with: support lines, resistance lines, trend channels and basic patterns.
Also try to keep in mind that this market is heavily volatile and you shouldn't expect to perfectly call the top, take less profits if you're not sure.
Still beats making a loss.
If you feel like you missed out wait it out cause chances are you're gonna get a new entry presented to you in a matter of days/weeks.. look at NEO it dropped to like 15$ or something and a lot of people FOMO'd on that... BTC went over 4k and back to 3k... went to 7.8k and then back to 5.8k ... patience is key.. plenty of opportunity
thank you.
RSI and bollinger bands can help you with that
just day trade with like $10-30
Wow.. nice to actually see some uncensored information cause he's right, the information to investors/participants of BTC has completely dried up and i'm seriously considering stepping out of the cryptocurrency world.
We need a forty second ADD videohttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Iv1HJJyJwlQ
sold all of his coins before the biggest bull run in history and just tells storys to convince you of his perspective>this guys a genius, guys read this
Pajeet should shit in the strees and not into a blog.
What a fucking idiot haha
How does one day trade exactly?
Buy a coin and then when it goes up, sell it for tether?
Rinse and repeat?
Idc BTC could go up bigtime and I miss out, but all you people care about is making money.
The fact that BTC has become utter shit doesn't seem to bother any of you.
The fact that BTC has become utter shit doesn't seem to bother any of you.wow really makes me think