Quantstamp had an announcement postponed due to thanks giving expect one within the next dat or 2, its at a decent price rn slowing climbing back up.
Anyone selling?
Is the pump done or do you think it's gonna start back up in a day or two?Really tempted to sell, bought in at 2200.
lol, no don't sell, buy more.
This shit will be at least .30 - .40 cents in a couple days.
Slowly buying more
Volume still strong so I guess this is a good sign.
the volume is rising, ta's looking good.
I'd say hold.
smartest thing you can do is selling your ETH now at ATH for more QSP
4522065Fuck off pajeets
.1 quantstamp has been sent to your address under the proof of pajeet protocol.
Thank you for your efforts!
100 million volume>retards still calling this a pajeet pump and dumbfuck off back to your obsidian and link containment threadsalso the news was posted already, partnership with some VC firm where vitalik and gavin wood are advisors but bigger news is supposed to be tomorrow
hope your right man, missed wtc, missed powr, really need to x4 here to catapult me into 40k the volume is just so good looking, looks like wtc all over again
slowing climbing back up.In what planet do you fucking live?
It's been in steady decline all day
SHOULD I SELL?
Glorified linter on blockchain>Proof of pajeetWhere is the demand going to come from for this token?
Auditors get paid with it, smart contract owners use it to pay.
That's it.
Absolutely justed goddam this fucker is going to zero at this rate fucking chinks delaying news to dump
Was there no cap on the ico?
Fucking sell orders are never ending
Made the mistake of not selling before going to sleep.
Woke up to this.
Got banned from telegram so I'm blind.
Time to sell at a 30% loss before I get chainlinked I guess.
are you the dude from the last thread i'm the guy that panic bought high and panic sold low and went to the clubi bought back in at 2200 like a retard should i sell?
i think things are starting to turn around, it seems unlikely that this won't pump one more time with how much volume exchanged at the athtoo many bagholders not to pump again one more time to unload right???
Dam that team is fucking stacked
At this point cling to anon's hopes and wait, why the fuck should you buy high and sell low
did power have a similar 40% pullback after its pump?
i've been justed once more
This just is soon starting to approach LINK levels.
Fuck why didn’t I sell god damnitI always do this.
Just keep holding as I refresh blockfolio and see my profits.Wake up to find it has tanked.
Every single fucking time
chill and wait for announcements.It should return to ATH at minimum.Power had similar situation - only its highs/lows were a bit less dramatic, thats all
Please just fucking pump to 1800 again so I can get out with minimal damage.
>due to thanksgivingwell shit, i didnt see thanksgiving coming either.
sneaky bastard!
MOOOOOOOOOOOOOOONWE'RE MOONINGWE'RE BACK IN BUSINESS BOYS
lol that's bullshit.
There's no thanksgiving or breaks in the crypto world pajeets
Making our comeback right now!
I FUCKING PANIC SOLD AT 1650 FUCKING KILL ME I WANT TO DIESOMEONE STOP ME FROM FOMOING BACK IN
never panic sell.
NEVERONLY when you know that the product is SHITQuantstamp is DEFINITELY not shit - i dont know if it is genious or golden, but it is definitely legit and worth more than 100 million Marketcap.Storms will come, waves will shake us - but we, MEN, stay steady in the face of danger, we keep our course, we endure and in the end we fucking WIN (moon moon)
 dude this should recover at max a few days.
Why did you sell?
I subject myself to panic selling a lot but not anymore.
I lost 90% (more than 10k) of my capital with panicking and Fomoing 2 weeks ago during bitcon cash/btc battle.I thought I was gonna die, I had so so many hopes on crypto.That day (minus 10k, 500 usd in my account) I noticed an anomaly (and made a thread here ) in binance - HUUGE spreads for several ETH pairs.That day I made my 10k back, made more than 200-300 trades - it was a miracle, NEVER have I seen such spread again.That day changed me - no more FOMO, no more shaky hands - be strong, endure, profit, be the fucking man.
i used to but i have many experiences of coins just never recovering and going lower and lower, link and req being the latest
1 - The annnouncement is likely that Quantstamp will be listed on Bittrex.2 - Palm Beach Confidential (PBC) is also considering recommending Quantstamp.
We should assume any PBC rumours are false at this time in my opinion.I think they choose only established coins do they not?
What matters is that other retards believe in them, so we can sell these bags at profit and get out
Cant decide - sell now and rebuy later after a small drop or leave this project forever...
EVERYBODY - DONT SELL, HOOOLD STEADY.
IF YOU HOLD, THIS WILL REACH THE MOON, GO
There's supposed to be a "big" announcement Friday.
Should pump a bit.
Reaching ATH is guaranteed now.
Lets hope for new highs the following days/weeks.
We are winning guys - keep buying.I sold my Modum and rebought, will continue doing so, go
FUCK OFF BINANCE BOT JUST TANKED 8% IN 15 MINUTES U FUCKING BOT HATE YOU YOU PIECE OF SHIT FUCK U
buy buy buy buy buy