Are you ready?Get your BCH shields.You will need them.
>he thinks it's real
He doesn't like making money
trade your BCH before the kike does.I am thinking $3k
Were you asleep the last 24 hours?
I made the easiest 1K in my life buying low and selling high over and over.
It is definitely going to jump up again.
Estimated Next Difficulty: 995,069,619,485 (-27.07%)https://bitcoinwisdom.com/bitcoin/difficultyHow in the fuck are they going to slay it when the difficulty is actually about to decrease?Why are they not slaying it already, it will get only harder after the adjustment.
Wasn't dragonslayer just a tweet from some noname?
Funny how FUD works.
https://fork.lol/pow/retarget
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qJh6EQ5gv7g
https://fork.lol/pow/retargetNo hay banda.How is this going to work when the difficulty is about to drop?
What percentage does it say the difficulty is going to drop by?
If you wait half an hour, does that percentage go up or down?What does this imply about what that percentage would be at the time of the DA?What percentage is necessary in order for 90%+ of the hash power vacating the chain to cause a permanent freeze of the ledger?
??
Fucking normies and anons.Anyone who thinks it will happen today and suddenly is an idiot.1) BTC difficulty will stay the same as it is now.
Price of BCH is starting to rise and over the next week, miners switch over because of the profitability.
Meanwhile BTC loses hash power and it will snowball.2) If no.1 does not happen.
BTC will survive, but will still slowly lose value to BCH.No imminent dragoning however is possible.I swear, on most days I think anons are normies.
No imminent dragoning however is possible.Unless say a bunch of old school holders got together to plan a speculative attack and rapidly raise the price differential between BCH and BTC *right as* the difficulty adjustment kicks in.
Like say, oh I don't know.
Roger Ver, Calvin Ayre, Craig Wright and Jihan Wu, perhaps?
Make sure to talk to Oziach to claim your platebody after the dragon is slain.
Raising the price suddenly would do nothing.
It will just correct back down within an hour.Most of these guys already have their majority coins in BCH.
Roger said it publicly already.These guys manipulating the prices is just conspiracies.
They are investors not masterminds.
You guys are all a bunch of idiots.
Hash rate is swinging between BTC and BCH all the time.
If BCH becomes a bit more profitable to mine, miners switch over, BCH difficulty increases until BTC is more profitable to mine, miners switch back, BCH difficulty decreases, etc etc etc.
Nothing is going to change.
Wtf are you all doing betting money on shit while you literally have no clue how it actually works.
good goy!
We shall see soon enough.
Less than 8 hours to difficulty adjustment.
https://fork.lol/pow/retargetIf there's an attack, that's when it will happen.
Assuming an equilibrium, this is accurate.
The equilibrium is not a given though.
Diff will drop, there is no consensus among miners.
I believe one quarter of the miners is loyal to BTCore, while others may be loyal to BCH or swinging with the profit.
DIfficulty will adjust to 75 %, which means BTCore can be slowed down to at most three times the desired conformation time.
We normies/anons here are mostly dicussing whether immediate dragoning/flippnan is possible.
I believe we agree on that point anyway.
I'm confused, how can the BTC difficulty go down this adjustment?
Didn't the last adjustment happen while a large percentage of hashpower had gone to BCH?
Check fork.lol.
There is almost no adjustment in store today.
Timing is crucial, first hashpower was pumped, then adjustment happened, only after that miners left for BCH.
BCH gonna get dumped for BTG, good luck holding your bags OP
Interesting.
There's a fairly widespread misconception then that the next difficulty adjustment is going to hurt BTC, and I'm starting to wonder i that has anything to do with the current BCH pump.
Might be a good time to sell and buy back in lower.
Or not, I dunno.
Gold is scum
I'm sure a lot of anons on this board are normies ( i see all sorts of behavior), fucks me how they found it, I lurked on 4chans for years and only posted a bit in the past 2 years but I only found this board a month ago for fuck sakes, so I have no idea how they are finding this place
thats what people were saying about BCH too, and look at where BCH is now.
BTG is the next BCH.
Get in now or get rekt.
Except its not nearly the same, and in reality its Core forking all these useless shitcoins to undermine the one true king BCH.
Gold, silver, diamond.
Fuck off Luke