,000 unconfirmed BTC transactionsSay it with me: BCH IS THE REAL BITCOIN
give kek your digits and BCH will be BTC tonight
Had to wait like 2 hours last night to get 1st confirmation with premium fee
Welcome to the fun of Jihan and co trying to kill off the competition
look at Jihan trying to kill Bitcoin by making a superior productFuck off, commi-cuck.
This is fucked.
Waiting a couple of hrs to get this shitcoin onto local bitcoins to dump on some sucker even with $10 in fees.
What an idiot.
Do you understand that BCH would have the same problems if it was as popular as Bitcoin?
mb blocks so 8x more transactions.
You dumb or what?
and 8 x more centralisation as the bandwidth required to run a node becomes out of reach for everyone except corporate entities just as Jihad and Vermin intend.Centralised bitcoin based upon micro transactions means it becomes a censorable, glorified visa or PayPal just as the kikes and their chink partners are aiming for.
Jihan it's a literal chinese communist with ties to the CCP, nice projecting though
Did you just describe bitcoin segwit?
Off-chain transactions will centralize and make bitcoin way more easily censorable than miner centralization every could hope to do, bitcoin corecuck is the kike bankster bitcoin subversion
Yeah cos miners have to spend so much money to host a couple of GB blockchain.
It will cripple them if it becomes 100GB.
Not like you can get a 128GB SD card for 100 odd bucks.
Did you just describe bitcoin segwit?He clearly described the 8MB blocksize BCH uses, segwit increases usable space in the block without increasing block size >Off-chain transactions will centralize and make bitcoin way more easily censorable than miner centralization every could hope to doIt doesn't, try to explain why it does>PROTIP: You can't>bitcoin corecuck is the kike bankster bitcoin subversionKeep projecting communist chinkwhore The chain is way over 100 GB right now fucking newfag, 8MB blocks will make it increase 100GB every few weeksAnd it's not about the storage, it's about the bandwidth illiterate chink
If BCH had as much network usage and transactions per second as BTC there would probably be like 70,000 unconfirmed transactions.Both networks are shit and unscalable, its the problem with how Bitcoin is designed; a higher block size is not the end-all solution
Yes.
Bitcoin is designed to run on as decentralised a network as possible.
This is a core principle that will not be sacrificed to satisfy greater transaction processing speed.
That is the trade-off given the bandwidth currently available to many independent users.
As bandwidth capacity increases to users in the future so can block size.
However the chinks and kikes pushing bitcoin cash hate decentralisation because that means control is in the hands of a greater number of smaller entities.
That is not the way kikes and gooks operate.
They want the power to change the rules of the network to maximise their profit or shut it down completely if it becomes to large a threat to established currencies and financial markets.
They will gladly sacrifice the core principle of network decentralisation by forcing the false narrative that bitcoin MUST compete with the centralised payment networks such as visa etc to survive through demanding larger block sizes.
Kek, nobody will buy your retarded propaganda, it's literally 100% the opposite.
PRAISE KEK
PRAISE KEK
k unconfirmed now ;)
BCH IS THE REAL BITCOIN
You idiot, the less useful it is for transactions the less people will be interested in it and the less decentralised it will be.
I can't wait in a year from now when either the BTC marines are made a joke or when they defend 30 hour confirmation times.
literal chinese communistHe is literally a capitalist though
Confirmed for not knowing what youy are talking about.
8MB is the blocksize limit, it doesn't mean that every block will be exactly 8MBs.
max blocks 8mb over 10 minutes>bandwidth problemkek
Uuuuuuuh..it's just that,no..it's not...
muh digital goldGet the fuck off of ledddit you tard
https://www.reddit.com/r/btc/comments/7c7w8j/binance_adds_bchusdt_bcheth_and_bchbnb_trading/BCH as a base currency is inching closer by the hour.
I don’t want to be “that guy,” but look at ETH.
More transactions than BTC and BCH combined, with now backlog, and plans to massively scale up the network with sharding.
Money skeleton actually thought this out.
Disclaimer: I hold all 3.
Bitcoin's Immutabil though
you buy ETH cose plan to use it for something, yes?
Putting the word ponzi next to a picture of the money skeleton doesn’t make it so.
Chobani company is mostly owned by one hirsute K*rd, is that a ponzi?
It’s only an application of greater fool theory, as are any of these other cryptos.
Remember Satoshi and the Winklevoss twins combined own about one eighth of the coins on both chains.
100,000 unconfirmed BTC transactionsKewl, I'll add another 10,000 transactions for 1.00 worth of BTC with 0.00000001 in fees just to make BCH look like a decent project
XLM would take a second to process all those transactions.
HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
It only took me 4 hours to transfer bitcoin from coinbase to my wallet this morning.
bitcoin cash will fade into the dust as a new coin that has not entered the market will surge into first
years from nowin the meantime i'll take my 10x bch gains
This is an obvious manipulation.Half of these transactions are for like CENTS where transaction fees are 10x bigger than the transaction value itself.Don't fall for this.
it's the BTC advocates that are doing this manipulation, to stop people from panic selling their btc for bchcoinbase has been blocking btc transactions outright
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHH I BOUGHT AT .23AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Bitcoin will win
it sure willbitcoin > bitcoin corecuck
Not like that.
You gotta do it like this:BITCOIN WILL WIN!
YOU FUCKING CUNT, YOU STOLE MUH DUBS AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
CASH WHALE CASH WHALE STOP THE CRASH WHALE!
Dumb ass chinks can't keep up the attack forever