Alright fags, lemme hear it... Lambo by 2019 or nah?
Damn that's a lot of money in meme coins, what did you start with?
Good choice with LoMo and CND
Define meme coins?
Started with $35k 4 months ago.
Portfolio been down -60%+ twice on shitcoins..
Paid my school fees now.
Thanks.
I think LoMo is severely undervalued.
judging by their userbase size and project.
I hope your bags are full.
I'd say those are all meme coins except FCT
have been accumulating for a while now.
the CMO just teased today there will be some big news coming in 2 days.
they have never done this before so it might be big.
hope it doesnt turn out to be like NEO.
Hold Blocknet, someone's been accumulating for the past few days in chunks.
I'm expecting it to breakout soon when the ui launches
no bitcoin
heard some rumors about CND, easy x10 i imagine.
Gonna HODL Block till I die..
I don't think the normies really understand the impact this project will have on the crypto-sphere once it launches.I just wish I had a fuckn masternode ;(
Good choice with LMC, only coin I'm certain of it has a chance to become a billion dollar company.
While all companies are only having ideas so far, LMC actually shuts up and builds before they speak
All shitcoins that will eventually bleed out and never moon again.
Good job faggot.
Can you get the Shit coins directly on Blockfolio ?
I have the app but I have only used it to watch the coins.
Thanks for sharing
yep, just click the handy '+' on the top right and you can add whatever shitcoin you like
Fix me please
buy low mcap coins.
you dont deserve that 60k
Sell BCH at peak and buy LMC before news comes out,
never heard about any of that shit.if you're lucky you will be cleaning a lambo after you lose 60k with shit coins
I have no idea what im doing.
came back to NEO mooning (didnt even know the name had changed), swapped most out when it started going down.I started with 100€ when ETH was like 70€ months ago.
Buy ALIS (hold until end of Dec for the start of big % returns, will possibly make it to the top 75 MK and is the Japanese version of STEEM) and ODN (sell dec 3rd as it will pump before this due to the new platform release).
Sell VTC and buy ALIS.
ODN too but that's for an easy flip on the 3rd-4th Dec. ALIS is a long-term hold (6months for 10-15x).
Get out of POWR if you are in profit.
The bull is tired now.
Smart money already left