Am I on the right track to becoming rich enough to quit my job and become a neckeard recluse?All helpful advice welcome.
If your XRP or SALT takes off, maybe.
Whats the point in holding one LTC and .1 ETH?
That might buy a new Xbox someday.
This might be hard for you, but you’re never gonna make it anon, unless you get lucky with low mkcap coins that pump 20x in a day.
I have 40k and I’m afraid that I’m not going to make it.
Dude buy OMG
What's good about OMG?
Why?
Nothing shows that OMG isn’t anything else but overhyped coin with skateboard pictures.
I was just dabbling with coinbase and bought them.
Didn't really know what I was doing.
Kept them for nostalgias sake in 5 years time
no ARKo i am laffin
What's so good about ARK?
I have £57k in BTC and nothing else mate.
I recommend you just buy as much BTC as cheaply as you can, steadily accumulate.
buy Ark and buy OMG, also sell ETH and XRP (what to you want from crypto?
a slowly 2x over 1 year?)
Ark could be the next ETH, thats possible 100x
What are your personal predictions/hopes for bitcoin?
I'm going to pump £500 or so per month in to cryptos, half of that will stay in bitcoin.
Ark is on my radar and will be my next purchase.
In USD terms, I believe it will be between 100-200k within the next 5 years, so I will probably cash 90% of my BTC out when I have enough to be a GBP millionaire.As you're putting in a relatively small amount per month, you are probably better off going with at least some alt coins as they offer the possibility of much higher returns, but obviously with a higher risk.
Good that you're putting in 50% of that into BTC though, it always pays to have BTC on hand.
I wish you luck on your crypto journey anon.
dump the ripple its trash
Add Coss and odn.
Coss is ground floor of an incredible enterprise, can 30x from here is the team delivers, meanwhile you get dividends in the form of alts.
Odn will moon in December
Anything else I should stick on my buy list?
If it dips back below $90, I recommend Monero as a long-term hold.
Also I second ODN, it has colossal potential if the team delivers.
I genuinely forgot I have 10k of it staking at the moment, I'm just sitting on it for a few months and will check on the price probably early next year.
Didn't palm springs give ripple as their nov pick?