
no its 4 peopleall billionaires now
You can't be serious
Michael Cera is Satoshi Nakamoto
Herrro I'm Satoshikun
I'm SatoshiCheck em
Yeah but he's pretending to be the guy claiming he's Satoshi but no one believes him.
It's quite the master plan.
Everyone hates him and now he can continue his new masterworks.
im sotoshi nakamoto dubs
He might be, he's got the qualifications/skills/ability to be so who knows.
Unless he wants to prove we'll never know.
Hal Finney was satoshi
Yes
I think it's some actor paid by the CIA/FBI (creators of btc btw)
nigga please
Satoshi was multiple people.
Two are dead.
Craig was one of them.
You retards realize he wants people to believe he is not Satoshi, right?
He was forced to come out, for reasons unknown.He doesn't want one person to be put on a pedestal to lead bitcoin.
He is happy the masses don't believe him.
nope this is the real satoshi
Bitcoin should be centralized on a few high end servers and implement inflation.Not what I remember from the white paper
Exactly why Craig supports Bitcoin Cash.
Blockstream is attempting to control Bitcoin although the idea itself is fucking stupid because there are alternatives that will always be cheaper and faster than some banking layer shitcoin (simple economics state that when you have to pay 2 fees you're going to be paying more fees - 1 to the miner, 1 to the cryptokikes)It literally will never work, fuck knows how Blockstream even got funding for their shitty idea.
Bitcoin Cash will be THE ONE.
It's probably 2-3 people.
Nick Szabo being the main architect.
Yes, he was one of the original team
Bitcoin should be centralized>implement inflationwhen did he say this?
This guy is the biggest fraud in the game.
Pretended to be Satoshi and now pumped and dumped BCH on all the people here stupid enough to fall for it.
Everyone who has done any research knows that Satoshi is Nick Szabo
Nick was mostly Satoshi but brought in Hal to help with the programming.
Yep.
There is only one practical aspect of cryptocurrency that distinguishes cryptocurrency from a fart in a bottle: exchange.The Blockstream vision of Bitcoin is basically cryptocurrency without convenient and cheap exchange.
In other words, pure Ponzi that they will try to use to defraud multibillionaires.
The twat quotes Ayn Rand.
He's just a sociopath.
some gay talk.
The audience actually clapped.
Can you imagine?
Clapping Craig Wright... Disgusting.
i've seen all of the videos with him in iti didn't hear him say anything about that
Only White Males save the world from Kike enslavement and ask for nothing in return, not even recognition.This is the real reason the Jews attempt to genocide the White race.
A huwhite Male?
Bitcoin was created by the CIA to launder their dirty drug money etc.
fund their black ops.
They still use it to fund ops I'm sure, hell they probably even run one of the big exchanges.Thanks CIA.
satoshi nakamoto is in this picture(hint: its the guy on the far right)
Heh:^)
this.
Real SN is dead IRL.
Not a car crash or government thing.
He had a serious illness that took his life too soon.
DYOR.
That being said his "trust" is guided by his partner with the guidance of a few of the men who are rumored to be SN.
To put into perspective none of his original coins, forked coins, have been sold and it was his wish to keep it that way.
His partner/widow has a large sum of Bitcoin (in July it was 11th largest but it's probably not in the Top 25 anymore ) which has been used to help ETH, DASH, LTC, ANTSHARES, NEM, GNT, LISK, ARK, and a I think one of the Charity ICOs.
Pretty much DYOR and see the connections between the 3-4 "rumored" Satoshis and she has gone in on their projects - aside from Wright who has gone into a lot of projects as an investor and advisor.
dude, Hal just helped with the programming.
Satoshi was and is Nick.
Clarifying - the Satoshi Bitcoins + Forked Coins / etc.
Is technically his partners as a trust - but there are specific rules about selling it that might come in effect years from now.
She herself got into Cryptocurrency near the end of his life and has a set amount of coins to use at her discretion but is in no way trying to gain fame in the crypto world.
Most of her life now is helping others who have had his disease.
Except he doesn't have the politeness Satoshi had.
This guy has a big mouth, how can one believe he was Satoshi when Satoshi was such a nice dude?
433655843362424336723
setoshy made chane lynk?
White Paper = multiple people are SN1/2 the Coins = 1 SN , 1st Transactions DYOR , if you go to the campus where the real SN taught there is a clue to the name.
Chainlink is the first real shot at mainstream smart contracts, which were envisioned by Szabo in the 90s.Sergey's "smartcontract.com" website was also registered in 2008, a few months before Satoshi launched bitcoin, so make of it what you will.
Dude, I think chainlink has potential but this is fukcing nuts.
crazy conspiracy theory
There is no theory, everything I stated is fact.
No.
Dave Kleiman RIP was SN.
hes right check the domain registration.and i dont even own any links
If he is he could easily prove it by signing a genesis key ,he’s a fraud
Also , I'm not anti Nick in these debates.
Far from it.
Generally, I'm not a person who believes in idolizing anyone ( especially in this new world that can be cult like ) .
But Nick, for all of his contributions, has not let Crypto ( as a financial institution ) influence his life.
Instead he lets his life influence Crypto.
When people talk about SN's vision , I think NICK was the major influence in that even if he isn't exactly SN.
The better players in the movement have Nick's ideology.
Others have Wrights.
There are benefits to both , but I side with Nick and SN.
If this is as successful as many of us hope it is.
He deserves to be regarded as a pioneer - in the same way that historic figures have.
Why are you trying to be cryptic?
you know that it does not make your guess any more correct.
Who do you think it was?
I assume Hal?
We don't become better hoarders of information if we are given it.
Read about the founders of modern Cryptology and their views on learning methods.
An Example : Someone in here just gave a huge clue as to why Palm Beach Confidential is so powerful.
If you spend 30 minutes searching for it , you'll not only have gained the knowledge but you have become stronger as a problem solver / searcher.
you think its Dave Kleiman?also you are a bit of a dick.
you think me googling your shitty clues will make me a better problem solver?
You obviously rate yourself a lot but, just like the rest of us, are guessing.
It's fucking obvious Nick Szabo is Satoshi.
What a coincidence that he asked for help to implement Bitgold just before Bitcoin appeared.
Hal Finney probably helped him with the implementation.
Satoshi vanished as Hals health declined.
It all fits just perfectly.
this is what I think too.
plus a bunch of other evidence.
4337116Wright's claims in private ( I don't bother to read his public interviews ) involve him trying to create an online casino token that couldn't be replicated and stored offline.
This idea of his wasn't solved by him , and once it was discovered to have more power than online casino currency - Bitcoin came about.
( he went to the leader of the Cypherpunk Community first and that person advised him to research BitGold and the white paper came about through the leader & Nick ) DYOR and figure out who created the community of cypherpunks and an earlier version of Bitcoin.
Then ask.
Maybe Dave was involved when Hal couldn't carry the torch?
And in horrible fate his own immune system failed.
Was their a connection to Cypherpunks and Dave that would have been valuable to continuing the vision?
DYOR , Cypherpunks.
I'm happy that you think I'm a dick.
It made my day.
Satoshi is the Chinese government trying to collapse the fiat currency of all other countries
Satoshi is dead, it was the guy that promised 10 000 BTC to this guy.The brother of Satoshi is still alive, maybe he has the key.Trip confirm.
No he was paid by nTrust.
15 million.
They wanted to sell his failing companies patents to Google.
It failed and now he's just keeping up the sham.https://splinternews.com/why-craig-wright-so-desperately-wanted-to-be-bitcoin-cr-1793857666
kekNeed to edit video of him speaking japanese with subtitles about being satoshi/inventing bitcoin
reasons unknownHe was paid and a PR firm was hired to promote his bullshit.
See article above
NSA.
http://groups.csail.mit.edu/mac/classes/6.805/articles/money/nsamint/nsamint.htm
Mommyy milkkyy milkyy
4337414For real.
Who is this?
Yes, this.
All Satoshi's posts were made during the day in Australian timezones and he wrote with Australian English.
I've seen what he is talking about, you definitely didn't see everything this guy put out.
great, so you can send me a link of it then and i can watch what you both meanbecause i have seen all the videos and read many many posts and articles written by dr wright
so what you're telling me is, a massive shitposter created bitcoin.
dunno... if u find out lemme know