Do you think that bitcoin will ever actually enter bear market again, unless it gets some unexpected FUD?Is there any reason to wait for a dip before buying in?I sold most of my position in bitcoin at $7700 just before it plumetted.Was going to buy back in at around $5500, which I know it dipped to for a few seconds.Was this the dip?
Is that the best we're going to get?
It seems to be on a steady uptrend once again.
>Do you think that bitcoin will ever actually enter bear market againYeah, but not this time.
I expect the dip in 1-2 days, but either way I'm going all in this weekend.
Any reason for the dip, or just the usual weekend dip?Thinking of ditching a lot of alt positions and going into bitcoin for the longrun, since they just keep bleeding when bitcoin goes up, and fucking plummeting when bitcoin goes down.
Are you seriously suggesting bitcoin will only go up from here without a pullback?
its going to 4900 before it goes to 10k
BTC will reach 100K in 2020
I hope not, but that's what it looks like.I am no expert in trading or analyzing graphs, but I think most people will agree TA isn't reliable in crypto anyway.Alts really need a 3rd bull run, they've been getting destroyed for far too long.
BTC just had the pullback.
After the Big Bang episode that airs in a couple weeks it will rocket.
ta doesnt work in cryptoTA is an umbrella term... of course some worksAnd the Alt bubble popped in July, dont expect anythinglol RIP naive soul
I don't think alts were a bubble.
Also, alt market valuation almost tripled from July to September.
Then it had a pullback due to bitcoin's forks, I think it's about time for alts to have another run up, maybe up to $150MM this time.
deluded bizraelis.
we will soon enter bear market.
bitcoin will dip
The brawl isn't finished yetUsual weekend dipBear trapUsual FUD about "Bitcoin can't scale"
did they die?
That pictureAmericans really are this stupid
Usual FUD about "Bitcoin can't scale"Kek, FUD...... it really cant scale you dumb faggot.
yes dude, dip ended when the BCH fork went through and nothing happened.
December is going to be crazy for BTC when CME launches the futures.
2018 will make 2017 look like chump change.
That's clearly European beer FFS!
Do you think that bitcoin will ever actually enter bear market againNo ofcourse not.
We finally figured out how to give everyone literally infinite money.
Just invest in bitcoin, it's that simple.
This single mom is earning six figures working from home with one simple trickfucking retard.
wha-what its russian beer!
yes it is!
Thinks investing generates infinite money out of thin air>Calls someone else a retardwew lad.
thinking electricity makes sparky sparky as soon as it touches any waterJUST LIKE MY VIDEO GAMES
can't understand even the most obvious sarcasm>calls someone else a retard
the "fucking retard" at the end really accentuates the sarcasm.
My bad for assuming there are people on 4chan without autism.
That's why theres a clear break between "fucking retard" and the rest of the text.
Everyone understood this except youAlso, unironically believing that bitcoin might never "enter bear market again" is pretty much the same as believing what you said here 
Bear market for a coin the size of bitcoin requires some serious FUD.
It has overcome FUD time and time again, multiple China bans, two potential flippenings.
It is very much possible that there won't be a bear market for the foreseeable future.When I say bear market, I mean substantial dips, not 10-15%.
bitcoin will grow forever despite crashing roughly every 2 years for the last 8 yearssee 
TA is created for old school commodities.
It's not applicable to crypto, which has unique dynamics and price movements.
Let's just agree that and move on.
bitcoin will be at $10000 minimum by JANits already trading at 13000 in zimbabwe and things arent even that bad there
Put your money where your mouth is and try this.
bitcoin will never dip again.
bitcoin will be 1 million in december
crashing every 2 years for the last 8 yearsWhat the fuck are you talking about?
There was a huge crash in 2013, then it was pretty much on a steady uptrend without major crashes up until 2017, where like I mentioned earlier, China and "flippening" caused fear.
OY VEY SHOA THE FED :D
Bitcoin next stop is 10k.
Screencap this.
Sell your shitcoins, Grab a beer and a hooker and live the Jew-life.
I don't need to.
Because I'm not a retard who doesn't understand how basic concepts like voltage, resistance and ground works.Water has a dielectric strength of about 80MV/m.
Meaning 230v like an electrical outlet can zap you from a whopping 0.2 milimeters awayThere was a huge crash in 2013no there were 2.
And one in 2011 as well>then it was pretty much on a steady uptrend without major crashes up until 2017fucking lol, the 2013 crash didn't bottom out for 2 years.Again, what you're saying is this,  but unironically
4384972 u are such a fucking retarded brainlet.
just shut down ur pc and dont come back here.
It's been retracing about 50% of the move every 8-12 weeks now.
This is like the 4th time it happens.
The moves are getting smaller in percentage because the market cap is so high, therefore the dips are getting smaller.
But trends still exist.
That is what technical analysis is all about.
The head and shoulders pattern still works for identifying dips.
Cycles work.
The pennant continuation pattern is still present.
Most importantly, support and resistance are live and well.
The only big difference between crypto and stocks is that pumps are fast and dumps are slow in crypto, whereas the opposite is true in stocks.
But technical analysis, that is the art of predicting the price from market action, is live and well.
Of course ta is pretty much useless if you don't back it with a fundamental thesis.
But it is essential for timing your entry.
I see TA as clues to what could happen, not what will happen.
You could argue simply looking at a price graph is TA in a fashion.
You guys don't realise that BTC is going to stagnate for ages until a ETF is released when CME releases futures.
All this crazy volatility is going to be a thing of the past.