have we lost steam?time to to dump?
I just bought in so probably yeah
I hope so.
I wanna get in at 12
Steam is working fine for me
It's a shitcoin with no use case.
Dump it for good and never look back
XMR is what BTC always wanted to be
Found the Verge bagholder
lmao /bizz/ just hold.
It did good today.
Normal growth.
This isnt a P&D.
The Americans are sleeping, it went up like 10% in the last 12 hours, relax.Koreans will start pumping it again soon.
This isn't a pump and dump, just hold.
lol
What was bitcoin's original use case?
Maybe you forgot.
Oh well, I'm not gonna try to save a convoluted poorfag.
Best of luck to you.
So glad this isn’t pumping hard anymore so I can quietly accumulate more.
When the FUD starts, it's time to buy.
Monero has good steady growth but this has been unsustainable.
I fully expect it to have a correction before it continues it's trend of small steady growth.
Right now it's all FOMO and as soon as a few big sells happen, everybody will jump ship.
I fucking hate this photo
Is the only coin with private account balances noob
I am not joking.
XMR will form a cup and handle much like BCH did before it's insane bullrun.
XMR will be .032 by the end of next week.
BATTLE ROYALE!
% of Bids come in at purchase level.
As if this was all about the speculators and the shape of the graph.
Just wait until it fully replaces bitcoin on the darknet.
This.
Its like these newfag cucks who bought BTC in 2017 have no idea why people purchased BTC in 2014.
Fucking idiots.
Y u hate me nigger
I sold at 174 will get back in later when it levels around 150 next week.
Not leaking your ipmthats for sure
150 next weekLmao
Just sold for some profits and set my buy order to .01778.
Wish me luck!
ta in btc value instead of fiatlmao
Who cares?
This is a natural cycle that you can target
Don't go chasing waterfalls.
Awww... you're cute
XMR is the only coin I'm serious about buying for use.
Everything else is me trying to grind out a paycheck.
you are not gonna make it
I sold 7XMR - still holding 40.
Get over yourself
?
lol I thought biz is the one place where I can espace the fucking poorfaqs.
320 here, gtfo
Fucking coinbase with the 7 day transaction time, I wanted to get into monero but won't be able to until next week I think I've missed it guys :( at least I've made it into powr and hst
Like I said>Get over yourselfMy net worth is above $200k - and only 7% is crypto.
Not a huge net worth, but it's more fungible than crypto
Monero is fungible.
There fungible, then there's more fungible
I'm liking these trips but maybe thats because 40% of my portfolio is Monero.
Fucking add a debit card, instant transactions.
And a 50$ limit per weekI'm not trying to drop 3k on shit but 50$ isn't buying much
4516075Oh yay.
Even higher transaction fees.
use gemini guys cmon
Dump now, regret later
>alt coin bullrun halted because the retards are P+D'ing BCH againFuck I hate this market
I'm in Monero and Bitcoin Cash and I've never been more comfy in my life
Bitcoin Cashi'm not touching this shit with a 10 foot polewhatever jihan does goes against everything i believe in cryptofor the same reason i'm knee deep in monero
 Im 50/50 monero bitcoin cash, if you are letting some misguided sense of morality get in the way of making profits then crypto is not for you
if you are letting some misguided sense of morality get in the way of making profits then crypto is not for youi can make profit with margin trading every time they pnd iti just don't want to own it
You are way late OP, the run was a PnD.
We already moved on to BCH
We already moved on to BCHand that pnd is already in dump phase so you shilling to unload you bags?
trips have spoken
n make profit with margin trading every time they pnd itI got into Bitcoin in 2012.
BTC is now against everything I believe in crypto and I won't touch it with a 10 foot pole.
BCH keeps the original Bitcoin dream alive.
We'll both see how our choices pan out.
I'm not worried at all.
BCH seems very similar to BTC to me, very very minor differences.
It's like a half-assed litecoin more than anything.
Monero seems like the cryptocurrency that's closest to fulfilling the cypherpunk dream if you ask me, moreso than bitcoin ever was.
It really looks to me like what bitcoin was trying to be in the first place.
BCH is what Bitcoin was intended to be: a coin that can massively scale to allow the most widespread use/growth as possible.
The faster it can grow, the faster it destroys the corrupt banks and severely impacts nations and the planet.I like Monero and my preferred privacy coin, it's #2 in my portfolio after BCH.
Monero scales 8x worse than BCH does though due to the transaction sizes (tradeoff for enhanced privacy).
4519184Hey asswipes, this is a MONERO thread, not a "shill BCH" thread.
Monero scales 8x worse than BCH does though due to the transaction sizes (tradeoff for enhanced privacy)Good thing is they are constantly improving.
Shit, they even have "criticism Sundays" or whatever its called where they have a giant reddit thread about what they think is the worst thing about Monero and they then address those issuesIt's hands-down the best altcoin out there, possibly the best cryptocurrency in existence, and I am very seriously considering flipping my entire bitcoin stack for monero and making it the main portion of my portfolio
Join the club.
it's really ironic how the coin designed for criminals has the most civil community
Have you gone ahead and pulled the trigger and flipped your portfolio majority over to XMR yet?
I'm procrastinating massively...it's hard to conceive of a portfolio without majority (or any) BTC...
% Moneo checking in.
Is it time to buy back in lads?
I already switched.
I trade to gain XMR ETH and LTC.bitcoin i don't care about anymore.
Where did you guys buy your monero?
Kraken is fucked and bitfinex is having troubles with fiat transactions.
What do?t.
Poorfag
Why is kraken fucked?
I bought BTC and then exchanged it through shapeshift
To buy-in Kraken is very good.
It's its trading engine that sucks ass.
You could just use shapeshift to convert to monero or use buttrex
Is litebit decent to buy ?
fees are really high.
Just go for bittrex
It's an error message more than 60 percent of the time, plus it doesn't let me verify so I can't buy
I used the xmr/eth market on binance
Bittrex, maybe there's better options but it just werked.
Kraken is fuckedwhy?i recently moved my monero from bitfinex to kraken because they don't use usdtwas it a mistake?
there's allways that T.A guy coming along every thread, spewing his shit ideas arround
Okay seriously is this a minor bounce back or is now the time to put more in???
coin designed for criminalsWho said it was the coin designed for criminals?
Just because people want privacy and their balances not to show to anybody doesn't mean they must be criminals.Yes, it can be used dam well for criminal purposes.
Doesn't mean that was the intention of creating the coin.
there's big news coming next week.
it has been hovering around 160 for like 8 hours now