Is there any group in crypto more insufferable than Asians?
They're like yellow Jews.
So many of them are scam artists like pic related and they're so smug about it.
Word of warning - Never follow their advice.
It'd be like following Mr.Rosenburgs advice.
They puppet you goyim and laugh about it behind your back.
Did you lose money on some chinkcoin?
Go back to /pol/ and bitch more, faggot.
Hello Mr.Yang.
Nope, never took investment advice of any squinter.
Just happened upon pic relateds channel and twitter page.
"Herro give us 20 bitcoin and we invest for you!
We wery good!
Please sir give us bitcoin so we make you wery wery rich man!".
Been noticing this pattern with many asians.
my friend and I split Asian Whale Club to expose that guy as a fraud.
He was only wrong on a few things in the last month.
1.
QTUM - he pumps it hard, it never does shit2.
CVC - i guess it had a spike, but it didn't blow the house down 3.
Ripple - dumbass thought it'd go to a dollar at SWELLWas right about 1.
VERT - was big on it early2.
POT - the early pump was his group3.
GRS - told everyone to buy at 10 cents and hold until 75 cents 4.
Dubai 5.
Ripple - called PBC 6.
Walton & Neo pumping the night before NO2x.
Kinda right about?
1.
He would try to predict drops of BTC and told people to go into FIAT a few times.
Was only about 50% accurate about that.
GOOD : He seems to be part of multiple Whale Groups and just Telegrams their pumpsHe also has access to exchanges adding coins before everyone.
BAD : I don't know.
I always think he's going to fuck me with a buy that goes nowhere.
We didn't invest that often into his stuff.
But if you put in .1 BTC into everything that he made , you'd be up about 2 BTC right now.
But you could easily be down .25 if you weren't glued to your Telegram at 3 AM.
no coin is more "asian" than Bitcoin.
It's literally controlled by chinese miners and exchanges.
Exactly.
He's a mediocre trader at best.
You give him a shit ton of bitcoin, he makes standard calls, loses a shit ton, one comes back decently and then he thinks he's some sort of God.
He never refers back to his shit calls either.
This guy has a hideous surgery job on his eyes
this guy is woman at nights.
Their pump and dump is godtier desuhttps://discord.gg/Yh96D8v