How can modum not be valued higher?The CEO was an engineer at Go Pro, one guy worked for 7 years as the Vice President of fucking IBM, and another one guy is currently Head of Packaging at Novartis.
2018 this coin will be top 20 easy.
I agree thus I have purchased.
Big things for this.
Lol pajeet relax you got that shit for 3 cents ico price.
You already x100 what else want.
Get fucked with your ICO's.
You can't expect high value when a company just started.
this pajeet got it for 1 dollar during ico
1-2 week gains coins > 2-3month gains coins.
It might be sad but such is the state of crypto right now, and since everybody seems to be aware of this, everyone thinks they can just get back into modum or link or req or whatever later before it moons after getting their short term gains elsewhere, and they're probably right.
ICO price was 1usd
This will get to about 200 million market cap meaning 6-7x from here.
MOD is a security.
They will share small % of their income with holders.
They should be make huge profits right now to justify the current price, which is right now purely based on hopes for the future.
So I don't think it is undervalued much.
Although the hype could pump it to 3-4$ even
I think it was 20% or something, anyonw knows the exact %?
Should be at $10 by now if it weren't for fork drama.
Volume has picked up.
WTC bagholders looking for next big 5x coin.
MOD is it.
Bullshit.
The profit sharing right of the stock shares were transferred over to the token.
All profit, that isn't re-invested into the company, gets paid out to token holders.
A small %?
The percentage is rather big and to justify current price of the token they would only need to make a profit of maybe 2 million usd a year.
In the stock world dividends equal like 1-2% of the company value each year.
For this to be true for modum they will only need to make dividends equal to 400k and profit 2 million usd
It would be considered a security by the Dewey Test so if you are an ameritard you are fucked.
So is NEO then
MODUM will present along with NEO Da HongFei next week.
They probably struck a deal with some chinese companyieshttp://www.swissnexchina.org/en/event/future-of-moneyseries-coming-to-china/
OK smart guys but are they good at crypto?
"good at crypto"do you know how retarded you sound?
nice FUD boi
This coin is going to go up 300x in the next week or so you will see a big bump today too
anybody that belives modum will deliver some giant growth in the next months is a lunaticthey are a swiss AG and not some startup you would find in the USthey started out in 2016 with around 100k € already as company capital and increased that sincedo you check before you buy something you regret
nice FUD.
this is the crypto market not the NY stock exchange.
people are going to get in on the ground floor plus there outs a lot of news coming before December.
Just calling it as I see it you can miss out.
up 20% as we post on this degenerate board
must>accumulate>more>mod
I was got interested in this project a few days ago, it seems like a strong team and project to me.
It's a green day so i'm not buying but when it falls a bit i'm probably going to buy some
You just know this is gonna mega moon, question is whether is it EOY or Q1 2018
here we go boys
Notice how MOD rocketships and WTC plummetsIt's because WTC people are getting tired of holding bags
It's supposed to get pumped and dumped today at 7pm est.
let's hope so.
Get in before then
MOD and WTC are both solid long term projects.
Moonkids looking for that "ez 5x" should look elsewhere.
Lol I love MOD but it's not gonna 300x.
Even 10x is a stretch at this point
MOD's time to shine will be Q1 2018.
10-15$ by February
Sauce????
Lmao what the fuck are you guys complaining about, Mod is almost at its ath and got added to Binance just now
Yeah I meant 300%
Wtf do action cameras and pill bottles have to do with crypto?
read about the fucking project if you want to know what sensor technology and pill bottles have to do with the project.
it's for fucking medicine transportation and climate control you ignoramus
selling at $5 what about you guys