The push to 3k continues
I'm taking profit.
There's another coin that looks more promising now.
Market cap on QSP is pf hi now.
I FUCKING SOLD AT 2.2PLEASE TELL ME IT'S GONNA DIP BACK TO 2K ONE MORE TIMEPLEASEwhat coin if it never dips i need something else or i'll neck myself
it might it might notit probably wont
are you the guy from the last threadi'm the brainlet that kept buying high and selling low that got back in at 2.15 and said i was going to the club but it was too early to leave for the club so i sold at 2.2 to buy back in at 2050 but it fucking mooned please god let this 2050 order be filled
GVT m8
Ahahahahahahahaha you fucking goon
yeah that's meidk what to tell you dude, you play a dangerous game when you try and swing these high volume FOMO coins
What was ICO Price?
Woahhh quick rundown right next to power which made thatt insanse run could it be b8
Price is fallicious since you cannot properly audit through a blockchain anonmously.
Its worthless.
we don't give a fuck, power is even more worthless but pumped 10x and still has a market cap 3x higherjust follow the fomo and don't think, investing in solid projects will just get you shit on, i used to be a linkie and now i just chase pumps to get hte money back
Lol wut are you even saying?
?
fuck i'm really hating life right now
I'm tellin ya.Get in GVT now dude.
It's going to pop hard.
Supply on exchanges is low.
People are gonna hold this one.
Price is going to rocket.
i dunno, i have really bad luck with low volume coins but i'll probably end up buying in anyways
what does it do?
Did u ever find a mentor bucko
Big fintech that merges stocks, and crypto portfolio management.
As well a platform for brokers and exchanges.There's some big smart money behind it.
Including crypto good guy Charlie Shrem
reminder that threads like in pic are indication that coin will shoot, while shilling threads like this is indication coin is pumped and ready to be dumped
Nothing of value in this coin, it is just a standard token generator.On top of that, it is based around a phone app.says it all really.
Dude.
Def check out gvt this thing is fucking bananas.
It's like striking oil.
I'm estatic.
its easy .40cent with current trend/volume.
if news is good, it is another power coin .
not even close to POWR.
you're right, it'll exceed POWR gains
done power ups, now doing Quants
very easy moon.
linkies could make back their losses in one weekend if they weren't so delusional.
sad!
Fomod at 2630JUST
wait a couple of hours it'll hit 27 I feel
should i buy back now at a loss or will it go even lower
there is truly no hope for you
i went to the club but there were too many people there and i got uncomfortable and leftsome girl asked me what i thought of her yoga pants and all i could say was "y-you too"i hope i can buy the dip
this project shouldn't be a token.
it's just a code linter.definite scam.also insanely high market cap right off the bat should be a red flag.
yeah dude it's doing 100 mill in volume on binance alone it's the work of your pajeet pump and dump groupi've been telling people like you to fuck off since it was trading at 1k yesterday
did you sell the top at 2.6 or are you still holding?
it is disconcerting seeing that 7 btc buy wall at 2320 get sold into so easy, my buy at 2050 might actually fill, i'm thinking of lowering to 1900
i'm still holding friendit would have to tank a lot before im near the red
where do you expect it to go?
why haven't i heard of this until now?
good coins don't get shilled on /biz/, there was one thread on it yesterday but 90% of the people said it was a scam because of the presale bonuses, well it's up 110% on 100 million in volume, still very few threads on it today just me and this other dude it seems it's amazing a coin could get this kind of action over two days and have 1 thread with two dudes in iti just noticed the massive spike in volume yesterday on binance and did some research and it paid off, i think it could hit 4k by the weekend after a retrace but i'm not sure what to buy back in at after selling at 2200
Sold my small stack at .0035 ETH thinking it will dip but it never did and I was left behind kek.
Same, I was so close to fud'ing out and this turned out to be my best move this month.
I'm going long on it now fuck yeah boys
i like the idea, but same with POWR i just don't get the valuation so high.might try a short term play
Yeah I don't know.
Unlike POWR I think this team has a road map that ends before 2019 but idk.
QSP has real utility if ETHs smart contracts take off and I think they will.
Most my positions involve some sort of smart contract synergy because that's a problem older than bitcoin with huge and untapped industry potential