Biz, what the fuck.
I thought we were supposed to be the bleeding edge source of news for ChainLink?
What are those reddit fags talking about?
They were saying something about news being released this december.
The news is supposed to be about results and shit and they are expecting the team to announce more during that time.What do these normies mean?https://www.reddit.com/r/LINKTrader/comments/7cqtx5/link_swift/
this shit has already been posted retard
Whats the december news?
They are expecting a surprise partnership announcement with "results".
What results?
I thought there wont be any news until 2018?
Good news lowers the LINK price, so we better all hope for no good news.
that rory retard dont know what hy type.
he just saying what ever those swift.smart ..etc is real that removed.
nothing more than that
But they were talking about something in December?
What is that.
We don't need to talk about it.
Everyone has done their research and agreed it will be $1 by summer 2018.
priced in already

But what is the december news?
PoC results from Swift
listed on gdax :^)
The link to the site were posted here as soon as someone found it, then it got removed and people fudded, saying it didn't exist etc.
Not our fault that you're late to the party.
have some rare OC from my friend
Wait so what should we expect?
I was talking about the "December news".
You fags keep saying that there probably wont be any news until 2018.
>bleeding edge source of newsThis place is a cespool of weak handed underage b& tards and NEETS, gambling away breadcrumps on virtual coins
SmartContract and SWIFTs test thing is over in December I think so they'll probably state something about itor not cause this team doesn't know how to announce anything
So they could possibly announce the next stage with SWIFT gpi?
Let's just hope the news is that there is no news and we get more time to Accumulate.
Be patient make some memes buy it sell it we don't give a fuck we know what it is we know what it's worth just chill out.
possiblywho knowsthis could all be nothing and well see the coin drop even furtherits all speculation after all
Shut your fuxdjdnd iddjsnanaahhhahahahaha your godam diggitsahahahaha ginks jdjd jdjsmdn that's it
woah take it easy man
Dropping further would really need Some bad news though, like Sergey posting Some vitalik style tweetsI see it hovering around this price for a while and then moon through the sky, only 2% of this coin is in circulation, let that sink in!
really I don't care about the current price cause if REQ every decides to move I can use those gains to get a dedicated PC for a LINK nodetoo bad REQ wont fucking move up at all
Sorry just Got done working out and I think the supermail vitalities kicking in
buying supplements from a water filter salesmany tho?
When the fuck is it mooning though?
Im getting really tired of BTC pumping for the stupid reasons like free coins.
Spam him out LINK on bittrex
is there a link marines telegram?
There's literally nothing but shitcoins between LINK and the top 10. not one thing that serves any kind of unique purpose
How do we aggressively market this thing to the clueless money?
This market is driven by retard hype and we are getting cucked so hard right now.
I know its only been 1.5 months since LINK has been tradeable but damn it really deserves to be in the top 10 based on its use case and potential partnerships.
There are literally only shitcoins between LINK and #1THE KING WILL FALL
Besides ARK
I'll trust him over you, Pajeet.
At least he can write in English
Amazing picture my friend, really like that you left in Aaron PaulAlso anyone know what rank I am at 6400 LINKS?
I own 51.600 LINK and feel like not making it, anons.
Holding this is just frustrating due to the big amounts of opportunity costs with LINK always swinging yet you can't really efficiently daytrade without knowing if and when it takes off due to the risk of totally missing out after holding tight like a motherfucker.
Also so many other good projects mooning like shit all the time, yet it sit here with my LINK that do absolute nothing because the team doesn't communicate in a proper way or even cares about getting this sucker away from binance to a non retarded exchange.
what's mooning atm?
everything you're not holding and nothing you will buy
I think they're trying to FUD.They're trying to create the expectation of news and announcements, and then when there aren't any the price will tank.Don't fall for it.
I own almost the exact same amount - 51XXX.You're gonna make it with patience.
Nothing is mooning atm, and LINK is still one of the most undervalued cryptos.
It doesn't even take bank partnerships, Bittrex alone is gonna make this baby blow up.
??
?Many things are mooning.
Just look at the fucking CMC website.
Also many things have mooned since s2x was canceled.
This artificial understatement no hype/no communication marketing "strategy" for an otherwise very good project is just the biggest pain in the ass I've ever seen in crypto so far.
The fact that OMG mooned after official mcdonalds post proves this wrong.
It even fucking mooned on ”confirming the official partnership” after that.