Are gay men just as interested in investing as regular men or are they more risk averse like women?
Real talk, any fagbros like me in here?
Probably the same as other men.
I'm gay and all in on crypto.
go suck a dick
Let me guess, LINK?
Well at least we know OP is a fag
Op is a faggot
faggots aren't men
this is biz anon lol
I think they are more interested in buttholes and ball sacks.
Considering how many gay guys I know are recreational MDMA users I'm inclined to think their is a high correlation between being gay and being a risk taker.
i just want to invest in sucking dick of a cute boy 24/7how do i make it /biz/?
4288455it feels great anons, try putting a sharpie in your pooper once and you'll never go back to being straight.
come on bros try it.
Yeah, we're hereweird topic though
I was just wondering whether gay people are more like men or women when it comes to investing and risk-taking in general kek
I'm all in LTC
Probably more like men because they're mentrannies are probably more like women
Nice, just bought 100k.
Probably promiscuous gay AIDS man who got too many unprotected anal creampies would go all in on cryptos the most.
forgot to say, according to the pic faggots are bigger risk takers, makes sense, you do catch HIV a lot
Sounds like something you would read on /x/.
tfw gay woman and have about $10k on LINK for meme purposes
Show tits
based lesbroI want to hate lesbians but they're all so chill
 This is so fucking retarded, WHat abotu bisexuality?
Or men who smashed women all their life, then when they hit their 50s just started smashing men only?For the OP, I'd imagine there's a few gaybros in here, although they're prob weird, as the gay scene is very sociable, so must gay fellas have decent social skills and wouldnt really visit boards on 4chan.
Anomalies everywhere though
I would argue some are less risk adverse, ala high HIV infection rate.
I would argue that higher E levels and lower T levels make someone risk averse.
if a gay man like me, ends up wanting to fuck a gay woman am i still gay?
should i go all in on LINK?
Homosexuality is gay
I'd be right happy to.
you faggots know whats coming for you, no
>tfw gay>tfw 12mm in crypto>tfw take my boyfriend out to michelin star restaurants and nice vacations 24/7I also hooked up with a hot str8 escort cuz he was hot.
feels good that I'll always be able to afford expensive hot escorts even when I get old :3
enjoy aids and a life of suffering FAG
No it's not you fag.
having anal sex with the #1 risk group for AIDS>getting oldchoose one faggot
Why are you getting escorts when you have a boyfriend you degenerate
Thats like saying you can be satisfied with just one dick anon.
No, stupidAnd you probably should.
Gay crypto investor here.
Made a couple hundred k this year.
My wardrobe is on point these days.
It seems like i take on approx.
the same amount of risk as you straights, possibly more.
I wouldn’t say I’m a much better investor than you fine gentlemen, but I’ve probably been in the crypto space for longer than most.
but i want dicks and pussies.
i want every sexual thing in the world.nice, congrats.
its oo-ooooorgy time
I'm skeptical of that picture but yours are some weak arguments m8.
He's talking generally.
Of course there will be outliers.
And in my opinion bisexuality confirms it further since bisexuals have twice the partner pool.
This is why i hate fags and it was so hard to find a defect boy friendo.
then you're just bi, like meand yes I'd say bi people are gay
Join the collaborated pump group where are we discuss what coin we will pump next.
When you get here we have 2.5 million dollars to pump with.
Here is the link to the private telegram group t.me/joinchat/G4Y8Q0Po447v3x6EK2oqNQIll see you there
Is everyone in your pump and dump discord group gay too?
lmao
/x/
I use protection and usually go for fresh escortsnothing's gonna stop me from sucking dick for a long time ^_^
im gay as shit anon, currently have about 15k invested in crypto
>tfw when /biz/ is gay as shit
It makes sense somehow, but why are there no mainstream research about that?inb4 (((they))) want to supress it
they're all so chillWtf, all lesbos I've ever encountered were rabid feminazis and radical left activists.
I have 30k in cryptogay as fuck
4290553i fucking knew it, everyone in biz was gay all along.
20% of all successful traders are gay.
And 98% have hiv/aids from gay butt sex bravo faggots bravo
I thought it was 10%.
Are you counting closet fags as well?