It is currently 22.5% more profitable to mine BCH.However hash power is barely changing over.
Bitcoin cash miners are keeping btc difficulty high on purpose.Something's Gonna happen, /biz/.
Hehehe.
No.Shhhhh.
because BTC difficulty doesn't adjust for two more weeksonce they hit the right percentages, they'll strike and finally rid us of coreshit and (((blockstream)))
another attempt in the next 1-2 months
Oh shit.That would aggravate the effect of a speculative attack in the markets.BCH goes upBTC goes down.Profit deficit bounces not just from zero to the new mean, but from an artificially depressed prior mean pouring salt on the wounds.Someone needs to do the math to figure out just how hard core could get fucked by a nightmare difficulty adjustment scenario.
Could this honestly permanently freeze the chain for years?
If it happens it has to happen before eoy
they're prepared to go all out for the flippenning the miners are the heros that will save crypto from the corecuck beasts
fuck i hope so, nothing will make me happier than seing the disgusting corecucks have their funds completely fucking frozen forever
Bcash cucks are getting increasingly desperate and delusional.
Miners are smart.
They have seen the market plays being made by the BCash whales and have lost trust in them.
Why mine a token that is only attractive to a small cadre of self-interested speculators who have shown their willingness to pump prices before taking their own profits off the table?
Miners know there is a chance that, if they mine BCash, they may be left holding bags when the inner circle finally decides to exit the game for good.
pajeets ever more frequent and poorly paid0.02 rupees added to your account
anon, I...I'm sorry to have to tell you this, but BCH whales...ARE the miners
top fucking kek imagine being this clueless
No segwitchain cannot be killed.Core is supported/funded by CIA and Bilderberg group.They can and have access to 500% more hashpower than has ever been seen on BTC.
They can just turn it up when they please.Also (((they))) have Billions of USD, if success of bitcoin is measured in USD, CIA BilderbergCoin wins before the fight begun.
Some, not all.
Are you saying Jihan is running +50% of the BCash mining already?
If so, it is game over for holders already.
they know 22.5% profitable when the value is going to drop 50% in the next month
yeah lolminers ARE the BCash whales lmao.They have the greatest incentive of all to prevent lightning networks from turning countless transactions into one sum transaction off-chain.
Lightning networks would be very bad for them and 1mb blocks make people transact much less on-chain in general pre-lightning which is also bad for both them and BTC overall.Forking to BCH was the miner friendly choice and iirc only 1-2 mining pool owners of the big pools and farms are for bitcoin core and against bitcoin cash, and probably because they're either brainlets, bribed or threatened.
BTC gonna get cucked so hard in less than 2 weeks lol
bilderberg>ciathats enough reason to say fuck off to core
my money is on Roger "Munitions Madman" Ver over bilderberg's (((blockstream)))
miners ARE the BCash whales lmao.Ah, I see why this post got so many strange reactions now.You're right in that sense.
When I said "BCash whales" I simply meant that circle of high profile top investors like McAfee, Kim.com, etc.
Not the top level miner dudes like Jihan and Andresen, who will go down with the sinking ship.
this, anyone who support these globalists should be hanged for treason
If the Chinese gov't is involved with BCH, there's no way they would allow BTC to win.
Reminder that Coinbase is still hasn't released its customers' BCH.
Wait, so Roger Ver is moving to Bitcoin Cash, and he owns bitcoin.com?
So he could essentially rebrand "Bitcoin Cash" to "Bitcoin" overnight?
anbody see that huge buy wall at $1266?
that is definitely the bottom
He has been trying exactly that for three months...Problem is the non-affiliated media coverage, which has to distinguish between the two, are still calling Bitcoin Bitcoin, and the majority of exchanges who list his token as BCash or Bitcoin Cash.Honestly, the "attempting to steal the bitcoin branding" play was never going to work out for them, and it is now the number one thing making their whole operation look like a scam.
They should cultivate the "BCash" name and try to restore trust.
he's currently using bitcoin.com to shill normies into getting cash instead of core
Japan and Russian mining tech & operations will destroy Jihan.
The difficulty is high because there are barely any transactions.
Do you even understand how the system works?
If people actually started using BCH it would change, but right now it's not really that profitable to mine.
Easier job != better paying job.
Those walls have been put up and down all night.
They are not real buy orders, just market psychology.
Wait until the japanese and russians wake up
Should rebrand as NormCoin, then.
get it through your fucking thick headshashrate follows price, not the other way around
nah I've been watching, this one was the biggest I've seen.
Stop with this core shilling of BcashHonestly, you wanna identify a shill, wait for them to say "Bcash".
Yeah everyone who thinks BCH is a shtcoin scam from a bunch of criminals and chinks is a corecuck shill, ofcourse....
Kill yourself shill.
Once bch becomes more valuable than rotschild coin btc it will be know as just Bitcoin.
BTC is the normie redditorcoin, admit it, you voted for hillary?
admit it, you clapped for jeb
bro selling doesn't matter it's a store of value :D digital gold :D
You fucking retarded simpleton
yeah, they have been putting them up and down all night, on multiple exchanges.
They're just there to condition people into thinking a certain resistance is a certainty.
MY BODY IS READY
Kill yourself, shill.
They move a lot.
If it hits 1266 it will go down to 1200
4374582three posts>rothschild>Hillary>JebInteresting as fuck.
Who posts like this?
those .4 bags getting heavy, faggot?
I'm not talking about traders 200 bch walls it was over 1000 from 1266 all the way back and the candle jumped 5% in a minute
CIAWhats the CIA Link?
the globalist centralized banker shitcoin known as BTC must diei got in between 0.05 and 0.1 faggot
BTC IS DROPPING
in-q-tel
The difficulty is high because there are barely any transactions.The difficulty is determined by the amount of hashing power, not the number of transactions
in-q-telWhat
nope difficulty is determined on block rate
It's a CIA front, they also funded google among other things.
BTC was hijacked years ago, just deal with it.
Which isn't modified by transaction count.
Just by hashpower.
For the third time: Yes.
Those have been getting put up and down all night on a bunch of exchanges.
They are not authentic buy orders, they are psychology.
God damn there are some slow fags on this board.
hashpower is determined by profitability which is determined by (block coinbase+fees in satoshis) / (block difficulty) * (exchange rate in USD)
Bcash winning is inevitable.
Put yourselves in the miners shoes.
You hold 10-30x more BCH than you hold BTC, and you have the ability to pump BCH to BTC's ath levels using a combination of hashrate denial and dumping of BTC at its peak.
You have the biggest whales on your side, you're looking at a 100x gain of your millions at minimum.
You'd have to be fucking dumb not to make it happen, espescially against an opponent who's already handicapped themselves, and a market that's so easily fomo-ed (see 2 days ago)
>people not mining our coin is a good thingthey're not mining because the new DAA isn't as exploitable
Could this honestly permanently freeze the chain for years?No.
It will just drive tx fees through the roof (Imagine 0.1 BTC tx fees)
newfag retard, enjoy your 1 month transaction times
Profitability is determined on whether the are enough blocks for everyone or not, you can't squeeze a dried fruit.
https://s.tradingview.com/x/xfy6CFIF/
Gavin Andresen went to the CIA.
He supports BCH.
He talked with CIA and then he got forcefully kicked out of the BTC development team.
What does that tell you you retarded fucking subhuman corecuck
I'm with you bud.You're right that the block time will rise enormously, perhaps even one block per day.Once things get bad enough, Core folks will institute an emergency consensus change in the difficulty algorithm & block size (I bet they would copy BCH).
All told, my guess would be that almost everyone's BTC could get locked in for an entire month while shit gets figured out.During that time a lot of merchants will switch to alternative coins.
It is this final event that would actually solidify the flippening.
It tells me that if you want to say BTC is controlled by the CIA and not BCH you're a fucking subhuman cashcuck,
everyone should just move to LTCJeesh.. it doesn't suffer from any core issues.and atomic swaps, super low fees, and lightning make it better than bitcoin cash
subhuman cash cuckhow tedious is this pajeet shit
Reminder that once BCH's difficulty increases it's very inefficient at correcting down.
After a pump all someone has to do is dump a LOT and it's fucked.
Bitmex is dumping bchhttps://twitter.com/allenscottoshi/status/930731677579726848
http://dcg.co/portfolio/http://dcg.co/who-we-are/
Kill yourself you fucking sub-60 iq moron
hash power is barely changing over.Remember that mining rewards need to be confirmed 100 times before they can be used.It could mean that the miners are not confident that after 100 blocks their BCH will be worth as much as it is now.
how tedious is this pajeet shitExtremely.
If BTC is controlled by the CIA, then BCH is controlled by the Chinese CIA, or CCIA
Another traiterous website, i hope they go down in a fire
Miners clearing mempool to drop the coins they earn by doing so after it to ultimately kill the core blockade
it's very inefficient at correcting downThis is true, except that Jihan seems to be keeping some hashrate on BCH regardless, and the blocks are big so every transaction gets signed.
peanut butter>essential oilsyou can total squeeze dried fruit.And yes i know a peanuts isn't classified as a fruit, but it is considered a "fruit" while its "fruiting".
True story, wordplay and such.
Quality post.
https://twitter.com/SatoshiLite/status/929657935868788737couldn't of said it better..
small sized dog with big size attitudetoo bad its just another segwit shitcoin
He talked with CIA and then he got forcefully kicked out of the BTC development team.
What does that tell you you retarded fucking subhuman corecuckIt tells me that BTC is no friend of the CIA, and Andresen moved to BCH to continue his insider work for the agency.
You seem mighty confused by something so simple.
core cuck talks to CIA>core cuck gets thrown out from core>former core cuck is now cash cuck????
?> core is owned by CIA Jesus....
total lie>bitcoin tx fees: $5-$25>litecoin tx fees: pennies
BTC has major brand loyalty at this point.
No chinkcoin cash is going to replace it so easily
why lie?litecoin has the lowest fees out of all the major coins
lol he was selling firecrackers on ebay.. that shit wasnt that powerfull.. just a little more than a fucking recreational firework.. also the yakuza story is all bs..
BCH is still using fee calculators in their wallet based on the shitcoin BTC, it's no wonder they're high.
The fact is you can send most transactions for a fraction of a cent.
4375225The BCH mempool is clearing on every block, therefor no fee competition.
Pay the lowest possible fee and it will go through.
thinking this is about feesits about inputs you fucking moronif you get a bunch of small payments into your account and you try to move them you pay out the ass for fees because every input counts as a certain amount of bytes, no matter the amount of coinssomething like dash or ethereum would work better because they dont run on this retarded system
Wrong NOOB.
Remember these are the same Chinese miners that use ASICBOOST which means it's roughly 20 percent easier for them to mine bcash than core.
So the profitability is around the same.
Yeah, BCH will dip 50% and will not be more profitable to mine.
The end> You just got REKT
Oh wait more profitable to mine BCH.
Never mind