Good time to buy REQ?
Of course you faggot
I'm waiting for ~0.00016 ETH to buy more.
Bump
Serious question, how high do you think REQ will go in the long run?
It's never a good time to buy RE'Q
Shoot up to a buck later this year.
If the product is good.
$8-10 easy.
If they succeed?
Anywhere from $1 to $10.Shoot up to a buck later this year.I guarantee this won't happen.>$8-10 easy.Not easy at all.
More like if everything aligns perfectly and REQ gets insane amount of hype.
Possible, but unlikely.
Hahaha.
This is the next Level pajeet here.
We srly need a new race for you.
1 dollar?
Mr pajeet are you able to do basic mathe?
If yes, please explain how a valuation of nearly 630M is justified?
This.
REQ is a good project and good projects don't need shilling.
We will make it if the devs succeed, not if some ranjeet endlessly shills the token on /biz/.
valuation of nearly 630M is justified?Meanwhile, a skateboard gets 1 bil
this scam coin going back to .0001 ethpnd is over
REQ tokens burn, estimated supply in 2025 would be under 50 million tokens, so yeah this shit could easily go over $200, but I don't expect tards here to understand.
$1 in a year.
source?
I should have said in 2018.
I would guess $2-$5 by end of 2018.
WHY DOES IT KEEP DUMPING WHERE ARE THE FUCKING PAJEETS I'LL KILL THEM REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Not sure about the estimated supply, or how you would even estimate something that isn't being used yet.
But the burn mechanism is real and is in the white paper.
dude calm down.
if you aren't confy in this hold just sell.
I'll be happy to take over your bags.
lololololhow is request going to be used if everyone is holding their tokensthink about it
Good projectUntil someone like Visa or Paypal decides to just implement their own and destroy them.
You forgetting that a McDonald's logo and a Skateboard sticker a "value" of 800 million and nothing even vaguely resembling a working product?
Mother fucker, how is it a pump and dump without ever pumping?
It just went up with the rest of the alts and dumped with them too.
so true paypal or visa will just create their own bitcoin or eth too
Yeah, except why haven't they?Maybe there are other barriers to entry?
4289182pajeet please, make yourself less obvious
staking + token burn I am going to be a node operator.
Because /biz/ doesn't get out of His nutshell.
OMG has multi M and B partnerships already.
And it's not like omnisego wouldn't excist right?
REQ has a long long way go, but 630M wont happen this or next year.
B
stop stalking me
 Reason1.
There's currently no need to blockchains are shit for managing the amount of transactions that they go through per second (20k or so).
Maybe offchain applications similar to lightning networks might work but it's still questionable.2.
Why do they need to be first movers, make some small guy beta test and prove consumers actually want the product.
Then they can simply buy request up, or make their own.
Whichever is cheaper.
This.
If you don't think a multi B Business isn't already looking for an opportunity to take a step into the blockchain, then you are all deluded pajeets.
The can either bis the tech up or even the team, or maybe they have already developed a ton of shit.
REQ will never overtake PayPal and 100% has zero use case in audit.
The big 4s are taking REQ to next shitter.
What else has REQ then?
Might co excist with a decent valuation.
this this thisif you own req your retard
look, it's speaking.
go back to your designated shitting streets
I actually worked in a billion euro IT company that has offices and datacenters all over europe.
Germany, france poland,spainI was a devops IT engineer there and had to resolve tickets from customers.I received tickets having to do with servers connecting to clients MIST browser as early as March.
Our company had a blockchain research facility and they did work with Ethereum and tested their own shit.Anyway ReQ has grounding in the corporate world and outsourcing is a big thing now.
No body wants to develop their own blockchian tech if someone else already has a decent working product.Req will probably succeed and be huge is what I'm guessing.
REQ fees will be like 0.05% good luck expecting Visa and Paypal to compete with that LMAO.
I run a biz and would use REQ AS SOON AS IT'S AVAILABLE AND INCREASE MY BIZ PROFITS AN EASY 20K A YEAR.
It's a speculation in a speculation right now.
Speculationception.
>And then one day a multi B comes up and buys the tech of REQ.
Sorry lovely investors, REQ is worth 0$ now.We will see where this is going.
I don't see it anywhere near a 630M valuation like these42894524289138Pajeets
i will fight little bitch
oh anyone invested in REQ, join this discord for req share holders : https://discord.gg/2SWFgJ
Dunno.
Project is solid.I'm looking to become a node operator and maybe even quit my job and start trying to sell REQ to businesses.
People here don't realize how much PayPal seizes from your business and how much it hurts, because most people here are street shitters and nerd virgins hoping to make windfall gains gambling on worthless pump and dumps.
people complaining about a 1 billion dollar valuation, omg went from 40 million mc to 1 billion in 6 weeks, request has just as much or little depnding on how you look at it as omg then.
This.
I work in a fintech and partnerships are the future.
No-one wants to build their own shit when you can outsource to a partner who is doing state of the art shit and you can squeeze some juicy SLAs out of them.
It allows you to concentrate on where your expertise are.
Most people's opinions on large financial companies are garbage because they don't know how inefficient large financial corporates are.
They assume because they have money they have the expertise to do what first movers do.
The majority of the first mover team will probably have left the big corporate long ago.
Then people assume they can throw money at the problem.
That's how you go bankrupt.
4290245I also think these pajeets on biz don't understand how smart and skilled you have to be to develop these kind of toolsI've been on a Redhat course given by a litteral Pajeet.
Yes, a fucking pajeet.
He told me that, over in INDIA where Redhat is being developed.
There's only about 20 people out of the 900 pajeets that work there that actually do decent work and can develop complicated things.
Yeah outsourcing and SLA is huge.
We had to pay a 90k euro fine once because our team buddy didn't resolve an issue within 6 hours.
Everything and all is outsourced.
Money is almost never a problem.
Quality product is.
Seems like REQ is rising and it's all thx to meI've held some for weeks, nothing good happens.I sold my bags at a loss today, instant 10% increase.
Woah
 weekspatience is how you win.I will hold my share for atleast a year and stake em or become a node operator.
and get passive income that way
You can also achieve a hell of a lot with a small team.
A friend of a colleague has a 2 man team and basically achieved what kubernetes is trying to do.
He can move all his apps between Amazon and azure automatically and without any down time.
He can basically decide what platform is cheaper on a given day and move there.
These are the type of devs that crypto has.
Bleeding edge.
The best.
That's what people can't get their tiny brains around and where the FUD comes from.
I am concerned with the utility of the REQ token itself.
Quite poor incentive to hold it, except for the "burn".
Burn AND Plasma proof-of-stake.
req only worth hold for person using it.
no point speculation since price constant.
I had no idea about the POS part.
Just found it in the paper, thanks.
Valuable then.
I am concerned with the utility of the REQ token itself.
Quite poor incentive to hold it, except for the "burn".Did you even read the white paper?
It is used for all Request fees.
fucking NICE.
Currently also working with Terraform and moving to Amazon from Rackspace cuz it's cheaper.eventually i'll quit my job and become a crypto master node operator.
#confy
For people who think Visa/whatever big company will just adopt blockchain out of the blue... WRONG.
The reason they don't use blockchain already is because they thrive off of the fees that they currently make, which then help them hire and survive as a business.
Dropping their fees to .5% or less would be suicide for their current operation standard.This is why Request and OMG both will continue to grow.
They are ACTUALLY useful in the real world.
People are already inquiring about using Request asap when it's ready.
You seem clued in anon.
Rare in these parts.
What do you think of RLC?
I'm really excited about the tech but not sure about the utility if the token.
REQ is probably the best whitepaper I have ever read and I have looked through 5 or 6 at least
https://www.fork.lol/>the best EVER read>looked through 5 or 6
lol I've been thinking about getting RLC too, mainly because REQ is partnered up with them.Already got some 0x.
My plan is pretty simple.I used to try and day trade but it's just stressy and consuming so I want to try doing one trade a month max.
mainly collect good stuff and sell them in a half year or year from now.Will be putting 25% of my montly fiat into cryptos for atleast another half year.Then I also start the monthly cashing out parts in a year from now.I hold about 100k req but I might get even more I'm not sure.
I also want to get more XMR so.
Paypal: 85bln marketcap, fleeces businesses with ridiculous transaction fees.
Request: 10x less transaction fees, will work better, won't lock your fucking account for no reason.
Pajeets "I can't see how REQ would ever have a billion dollar market cap.
fudfudfud waaaaaaaaa reeeeeeeeeee!
"Me: comfy, lmao
holy shit, anyone else here holding LINK and lurking the fud threads?
same fucking talking points, same stupid shit, again and again and again.
esp this one, "why wont they just build their own?"
lmao, fucking fudders its still low enough, you arent missing out just yet
Are you me?
Yeah I've decided to put 1k per month into long term holds since there's no point in having anything but your emergency fund in a bank.
Day trading is a full time job that I don't enjoy.
I have a job (if you could call tech r&d a job and not just playtime) that I do enjoy and I get to make crypto gains on the side.
Caught REQ at the bottom and now hoping to do the same with RLC, MOD.
Long holds, easy life.
That's a pretty smart little niche there anon.
Hope you succeed, because there is potential.