Got out as soon as I noticed it was prime time in Asia and this shit wasn't moving a bit.This shit relies on bitcoin crashing violently in order to pump.
Don't expect legit growth.Can't stay @ 1k.
Well of course it's crashing now but the few times it broke 1k it came back to 9xx immediately.
Why is this?
No one knows.Don't buy, cut losses and abandon the ship I repeat, CUT LOSSES AND QUIT.
.139?Be safe child.
Fuck off fakeass whale
>tfw longed bch @1015 usd
HAHAHABtg is doing well tho
Korean pump of BCH is ending.
no mommy pls no
Fear uh?0,141 stable while BTC lose almost $150
BCH in sats>BTC in fiatYou real smart friend
dead cat bounce
> BCH will overtake BTC
lol you're dumb.
never seen a micro dump and pump during a longer pump when meeting great sell-off resistance in order to increase total wealth and use it to keep accumulating until next sell wall.
It already happened in the 1k - 900 USD range two times some 5 and 3 hours ago and now it¨'s happening again.
Noticed how the sell wall got much bigger than the buy wall?
Notice how when it hit 950 the sell walls and buy walls are suddenly balanced again?Today has made me respect the intelligence of whales and disrespect the average "crypto trader" even more than I already did.If they ever run out of BTC to buy BCH for they'll just drop hashing power from BTC, forcing the BTC network to stall resulting in panick BTC selloffs at every exchange.
Either way, the BCH whale miner oligarchy cabal wins.It's already over.
For BTC.
Big miners and pool runners are the rulers of any POW cryptocurrency.
Scam

BCC $930-940 stableBTC right now barely holding the $6600 supportBetter now?
Scam or not, that's how proof of work coins work.
In the end, I hope ETH overtakes them all when it becomes proof of stake.
You can't both have the power to work against a network's wellbeing and not have invested a lot in the wellbeing of the network with proof of stake.With proof of work, you can sell all your coins for another coin and then just hasta la vista baby, or even do as Jihan has declared he has done for a while, mine the bigger coin and immediately use all mining fee proceeds to buy the coin he shills and wants to have the crown.
In this case, he's done the latter and is now in the stage of doing the former.
Yes much less retarded