>Bitconnect scammers being ‘hacked’ and cashing out before the collapse >Tether “”hacked”” and FUD at all time high>Bitfinex looking prime for a mtgox 2.0>BCH planning another network takeover attack at the weekend when btc difficulty locks inMeanwhile we sit on top of an unnatural high with support that makes no fucking sense.This is actually it, im sure of it.. Black Friday weekend will be the POP.
Cash out now if you know what’s best for you there is just way too much risk staying in crypto right now and I’m not getting caught in the rush to exit while bcc kills btc network again and 200k unconfirmed transactions pile up
Wouldn't that mean that now is the perfect time to buy Shitcoin Cash?
Chaos is a ladder.
or buy bch short btcI just realised shorting btc when it crashes will crash the derivatives market
Dash, LTC, ETH
get in Monero now.
BTH had its go.Only Monero will come out of this
What you retards don't understand is that smart people knew this correction was going to happen before any of the "FUD, Tether 'hack', bitfinex, BCH" stuff.So you have to ask yourself if some of these events are coordinated to make sure that this correction happens.
Use your fucking brains you pajeets.
I don’t trust my money in any crypto right now anon.Everyone is so used to seeing btc bounce and buying the dip but when the ride ends and it finally doesn’t bounce it’ll take everything down with it atleast for the short term
BTC will fluctuate...big dips, big advances...but it always has risen in price amidst this chaos....it's ruled by algorithm.
There is no CFO who could get addicted to strippers and cocaine to fuck it up.
For you Shitheel Cucked bankers that continually dis BTC, you should be accumulating it like Falcon bank in Switzerland.
BTC and blockchain tech is like the steam engine and the internet......the world will never be the same.
indicating the people buying the previous dips wont buy the next dipthe market is not a mythical beast tht acts on whims, it's just people buying and selling shit
I second this and ltc too.
Tell that to the people that bagheld at 1k for 3 years just to break even.. if you look at btc outside the spectrum of this year it’s a completely different beast, people have became too complacent and too confident in bitcoin to constantly provide gains but Bch has already showed us how it can cripple the entire network so easily and it will almost certainly take advantage of the difficulty lock in this weekend to do it again..
I can almost gaurentee it.Not to mention bitfinex struggling to manage all of the imaginary dollars that are funding margins and fueling pumps and the fact we have a 1bil+ Crypto ponzi scheme in bitconnect that could implode any minute
GUYS 10K BY THE WEEKEND!!!!!
WEEEEEEEEEEE
Good TA but not sure why your RSI trend line goes that far back, it's obvious that this last peak was lower than the one before it.
dont know why i did either 2bqh family
Oh wow, man you are really fucking smart.
I honestly thought we would never see another correction.
Is the sun going to rise tomorrow you fucking retard?
yeah well look at all the denial at biz.
It's a no brainer unless you are 90% of biz
You guys are so fucking stupid btc difficulty is going to decrease.
https://bitcoinwisdom.com/bitcoin/difficulty
I should've bought this fucking thing after the 1k bubble popped.This bubble won't deflate unless some HUGE event that damages the public perception of bitcoin happens.
Meanwhile we sit on top of an unnatural high with support that makes no fucking sense.So you are a brainlet that doesnt understand how much money is actually flowing into btc?
most significant exchange at danger of mt gox'ing>warning signs all over the place million dollars out of thin air with ZERO legal liability to pay out the tethers - meaning BFX could exit scam with their money and leave tetherbears broke>ico scams such as confido being done professionally for millions>ponzi schemes worth half a billion dollars And you expect with all this shit the SEC and FBI won't have anything to do between now and when CME opens bitcoin markets that can severely damage bitcoin's image?
biz is filled with retards and kids with 50 bucks worth of bitcoin lol.
They have probably entered after the last correction.
*Chaosh
The Flight To Safety in Monero just started.
Not denying the risk for a correction, but we need to stop comparing this to mt gox.
The value of the stolen Mt Gox funds is now between 6 and 7 billion.
Ponzi schemes have always existed, that itself wont hurt crypto's image.
The scam ICOs will get reprimanded and likely forced to pay back the money they received.
So really the only severe issue is the tethers, and even then its not mt gox scale.
One thing to consider was how new bitcoin was back then, that was some incredible adversity for the young btc but it ultimately rebounded.
Do you think it will take as long to recover this time when the trust factor is higher?
huge if huge
There's some desperate FUD in this thread
BTC has survived way worse than this and come back to make new ATH.
Wasn't China banning it and the closing of the highest volume exchanges Huobi and OKcoin closing supposed to kill bitcoin a few months ago?
The only way BTC will die is if it gets hacked.
That's it.
Fiat currency sucks and most of the whole world instinctively understand this especially in shithole countries.
the Bitfinex cold storage wallet lost 15,000 BTC today alone
Why do retards on /biz/ think that people here purposefully fud coins in the top 100?
I can understand small coins, but this is plain retarded.
There is no money in /biz/.It absolutely should be compared to Mt Gox, tether alone is 700 million, that if they pulled an exit, would disappear.
There were 830 million dollars exchanged in the past 24 hours on Bitfinex, so you can suspect that there would be a pretty good likelihood that at LEAST 5 billion dollars are being held on Bitfinex right now.
Government regulation doesn't apply to crypto long term.
I don't think bitcoin will ever die.
I think the most likely scenario is that bitcoin enters a new bear market and accumulation phase for a few years and all the shitcoins get weeded out.
After it'll go on the last parabolic stage where it reaches mass adoptionsource?
https://bitinfocharts.com/bitcoin/address/3D2oetdNuZUqQHPJmcMDDHYoqkyNVsFk9r
Don't forget>CMA market futures soon, and actual sophisticated traders with endless capital to short BTC
im planning a huge short with leverage, sweating bullets but i think this is my time to go for it.
Elaborate.Isn't this a deflationary event as BTC will be generated faster and sold faster.This.
People keep comparing this to the docom bubble but those companies only collapsed when they had to report their quarterly results and everyone could see clear as day a that they weren't worth a damn.
BTC has no earnings or fundamentals, this bubble could last much longer than people think.
My response to this is how many times can they really afford to dump BTC to cause a drop in price.
There is only ever going to be 21 million coins.
That's it.
If they were stupid enough to do this.
I would rejoice in a fit of joy while I bought up all my discount BTC and simply waited it mooned to new heights.
Hell that's what I'm waiting for now.
If logarithmic regression is a BTC price discovery fundamental, then it is not a bubble.
The wild variations above and below the log chart are just the result of imperfect human emotions, like fear and greed.Don't forget there will already be many algo trading bits that are trading along the logarithmic progression.
So even if it wasn't a certainty of BTC price, they help it become a self-fulfilling prophecy.
let's do it, fellow nigger.
>There's some desperate FUD in this thread.Not baseless FUD... you're just a fomo crypto-virgin, who just buys bitcoin because every normie is doing the same.Some of us know the history of bitfinex.
Some of us invested Trendon Shavers ponzi scheme endorsed by Raphael Nicolle (owner of bitfinex).
Owner of bitfinex has a juicy history of running ponzi schemes.
He endorsed, masterminded, orchestrated many ponzi's during his short-lived career on bitcoin talk.
Find the username pirateat40.Some of us lost money during the bitfinex hack but majority of us didn't got compensated.
Instead we received fraudulent dollars printed by bitfinex sister company Tether.
If you believe bitfinex has 100-200% in reserve.
I have a bridge to sell ya.
You know what... nvm.
You don't deserve to be red-pilled.
I rather see you lose money.
Not in a bubble?April 2017Bitfinex lost it's banking partner - Creation of Tethers - Bitcoin started it's bull-rally.
All in the same month....must be coincidence, right?
Nothing suspicious right?----------------------------------------------------------------I am the Chief Executive Officer for iFinex Inc. (“iFinex”), BFXNA Inc. (“BFXNA”), BFXWW Inc. (“BFXWW”), and Tether Limited (“Tether”).
I have personal knowledge of the facts set forth below, and if called and sworn as a witness, I could and would testify competently thereto.iFinex, through its subsidiaries BFXNA and BFXWW, owns and operates a leading global Virtual Currency platform called Bitfinex.http://article78againstnydfs.com/docs/317-cv-01882-BitfinexCase/09-DeclarationJKVanDerVelde/9-main.pdf
"Indeed, because the only money received from and sent to customers is U.S.dollars, Wells Fargo’s decision will completely cripple plaintiffs’ ability to process worldwidecustomers’ requests to transfer U.S. dollars that belong to them, and will bring plaintiffs’business to a standstill.
"Wow, it's in the document itself.
They can't get the fucking money out.
THEY ARE LITERALLY FUCKED.
What can a simple goy like me do to escape this nightmare?
Sell now?
When is this shit going to blow up?
its exponential growth with a 2500% variance but that was before bitcoin stopped scaling.
You can't fit that kind of trend when the properties aren't consistent.
It's scary to think how high bch could go if it inherits all the demand btc squandered with its lack of scaling
risky mode: get into BCHsafe mode: get into Monero
But BCH looks way oversold right now, it has like 100 transactions per block and the price is $1200.
I checked BTC's history and it had 2000 transactions per block when it was $1200 per coin.
you are too late to get in monero sorry.
wait for the dip now
I meant to say overbought*
BCH is getting added to a bunch of exchanges real soon.
Please help us with this.https://www.change.org/p/bitfinex-com-suspend-bitfinex-platform-until-usdt-goes-through-audit
This meme couldn't be more appropriate here.
Of course BTC will be attacked and dip, you weak nervous children.
I will take the chance and buy more when it dips.