Seriously considering going all in on ETH, anyone else?>“Billionaire and ex-fund manager Mike Novogratz has restated his belief that bitcoin will end the year at $10,000, adding that ethereum could close at $500.“
Hmm....then fuck btc all in eth..what about monero
I put all my BTC into ETH for the possibly growth to 500+ and DOGE for its bi-yearly jump in price.Its looking to be a very very very comfy christmas
serious question time, will eth even drop at all anymore before eoy?
Yeah.
Why can't it go back to 300 just 1 more time?
Monero is a good hedge to BTC and is undervalued till people realize it's power of truly anonymous digital money, and has is the only coin I've seen in the charts to resist the Bitcoin curse of tanking everything else with it.
Perfect time to buy DESU.
>Handles more transactions than every other blockchain combined.>Transactions cost between 0.1-5 cents.>Has more developers than any other blockchain ecosystem>Has more industry connections than any other ecosystem>Raiden launching less than a month>Plasma concept demo came out todayThink that's a pretty safe bet mate.
Or I stay all in eth.
Watch btc and bch fight and watch everything except eth tank then pick up btc for the 10k run
Too wishfull we are I fear.
Might just bite the bullet at current price, 1 eth is already a stretch for me.
ETH is fine.
It's listed as one of the 3 on Normiebase (((Coinbase))): BTC, ETH, and LTC.
It'll attract normie money as interest is gonna go fucking nuts over the course of 2018.
BCH is gonna get listed in the new year on Coinbase.
That's gonna skyrocket Q1 2018 as well.
4516605feels good man
Coinbase isn't Jewish
Congrats on this seriously
True.
Still Normiebase tho.
Bitcoin cash is being listed on coinbde?
Is it designed as a currency though?
I thought it was for other shit
https://support.coinbase.com/customer/portal/articles/2853600-bitcoin-cash---frequently-asked-questionsJanuary 1st.
Good time to pick up a little.
It's a smart contracts platform.
Much more useful.
For now, Coinbase plans on supporting bitcoin cash withdrawals.There is no assurance people are going to be able to buy BCH.
Also it's funny you think a sudden increase in supply of BCH that was previously locked up is a good thing for it
I am kind of drunk and would take anything what I say with a large grain of salt.
Honestly I don't touch anything "bitcoin X Y or Z".
If BTC doesn't completely crash out I think ETH has a great chance to really whip up and close that gap again.
Awareness with normies is already in place and I don't think much "next bitcoin" status was lost mid year.
Thanks to BTC mooning since then ETH seems primed for a good dose of FOMO.
It gives the norman really great selling points to impress their friends with as well.
Their will probably be better moon missions but as long as the market holds together ETH seems pretty safe to me
ETH triple in 3 months .
RDN is going to make it mainstream