Such a good project.
Thoughts on price by EOY?
I think ChainLink will also go up because Confido is using it !
$100 by EOY, IMO.
Website looks great!
confido.io
Buy the dip!
buy the dip>low marketcap>proffesional team
4464839even tho I lost to confidont, I can genuinely laugh about it
The market cap is insanely low atm and all indicators say it's vastly oversold.
A great buying opportunity.
>place super low buy order, it will never get filled anywhofuck
TA whale here, we are entering elliiot wave 2 soon, I expect the fib retraces on this to take it straight to 100x from here
Is this the /comfyido/ difference?
Team is quiet on social media, but that just means they're cooking something up!
Saw a guy post his Blockfolio here with 74,499 CFD, 99% of his portfolio.
RIP in peace...
F
%cfd%link
F
you guys making fun.
I would like to see how you feel when you lose 90-100k.
This isn't funny.
People lost their savings and much more.
Stop acting like a 5 year old.
Welp, you should only invest in what money your willing to lose.
Who does that, putting their whole saving in crypto...fucking retards.
What's the deal with this coin?
Looks like people lost a lot of money.
God damn this shit.
This is not good for us as a community.
RIP for anyone who invested.
calm as a baby, just bought 10k more
They made a really retarded decision and they're paying for it now.
I hope they learn something.
people have addictions, and they can't control themselves.
I guess it's their fault at the end of the day but this isn't anything funny to laugh about.
People got scammed and lost so much money.
They say, go into crypto where banks can't screw you over, and then this shit happens.
Crypto currency loses its credibility at the same time.
F
its hilarious ackchually
The show must go on.
Onto the next shitcoin.
it's pretty funny
investing 100k in shitcointhey deserve it
...y-yyea who'd put all their moms money that she saved for 10 years into crypto...
I bought btc with it :3
I just checked the price for Confido on coinmarketcap, and you guys weren't kidding about it being low in price right now.The team and idea also looks solid, like you said.Just bought about 4.500 USD worth, thanks for the tip guys!So, who else /comfydo/ here?
ahahaha I was the one who posted the comfydo post
Man, someone is going to read this thread and actually buy this coin.
You should be ashamed.
WHERE CAN I BUY THIS?WHEN LAMBO LAND?
i lold so hard
least we can do for the fallen brothers who didn't sell at 7x,10x,15x,20x
JOOST'D
Its a cheap lottery ticket if they get their shit together.
it well moon moon verry verry soon sirples buy bich lasagna
dont worry, its all priced in.hodl
Same thing can be said for anything, from gambling to stocks, a few people that are terrible with money will not taint the image of cryptocurrencies.
The victims are not to blame.
They got scammed by bad people.
The bad people did a bad thing.
The scammers are the problem, the they should be punished.