Guys, here is new low supply gold mine.
Possibly 50x from now.
current circ supply 450,000 , yes you heard it right.
Fucking low.
current market cap about 150k.
not yet listed in cmc, just added to ED.
working product, they will be live next week.
they constructing their own hotel chains as well, where you can pay with TIO's along with their patterned airhob payments.
User are also able to book flights, hotel rooms, trains, etc and pay with Tio Cryptocurrency with options to choose from a network of over 600,000 Hotels, Flights, and trains worldwide.Here is their website https://tokens.tiotourguides.com/#HomePlatform launch in 6 days https://tiotourguides.com/Tweet about binance listing.
https://twitter.com/TioTourGuides/status/925677807052644352btw, my accumulation done, DYOR and get in, wait for CMC listing and binance.
LOL'Hey guys buy a coin that went 4x already in the last week'
nice fud.
btw I am waiting for their platform launch and binance listing in a week
Them's the facts.
Might be worth it once it drops back down, but not right now.
,000 until November 2018 after that they inflate the amount of tokens?
Asking, not spreading FUD.
tweet says nothing about binance.keep shilling
Yep, they'll let loose another 16million in 2018.But honestly... why would you post your room booking on some weird site that pays you in highly fluctuating digi-currency when you could post it on airbnb and get 100x more views and payment in stable USD?
dude, we are not talking about fundamentals here, long term, since market cap is just 120 m, they got 2mill vc funding.
legit project.
I am thinking to wait cmc and binance..etc listing to make 3-4x from now.
https://twitter.com/TioTourGuides/status/925677807052644352look it again, on tweet image, there is exchange listing bitbtc and binance below 450k token msg.
I asked them in chat, they mentioned they working with binance and yobit to get listed soon.
I am not asking you to buy retard, dyor.
like get it otherwise move on with next moon.
From the white paper it sounds like the CEO pulled 2mm from her trust fund.
Before this the CEO decides to switch careers from physical therapist to buying ore mines?
Who the fuck does that.
It honestly sounds like the 2mm just came from her trust fund and not VC.Might be fun to play with for a few days tho, I'll give you that.
4438515dude, they are legit project, looks serious approach toward project.
look at this, these guys are not white paper guys.
they building hotel network in Asia.
he first resort of the chain, a 30 room resort style hotel is currently being built inland, North of Bangkok and is at about 70% done, expected to be completed during the first quarter of 2018.
The Other chain is a 320 room Hotel on Koh Samui's Beach, for which a negotiation is being done for the land .
We are targeting 20 different Budget Hotels across S.E Asia alone.
Holders of Tio Token will be able to walk in and pay with Tio at any one of these hotels.
And why didn't you post about this during the ico?No one will buy your icobags now.
they building hotel network in Asia.
god dammit the pajeet grammar is disgusting in this one
lol, I did not buy in ico, got couple of eth in ed.
anyway stay poor foggots.
fomo in buy in 2x when it hit binance.
This looks like pure indian shit hahahahaha.
Fucking fiver logos lmao
no fucking way will i put my money in this shit lmfao
u deserve to be poor faggot.
easy 3x when it hit binance, good luck with u r link/req bag holding.