have I got a coin for you
In the cryptopocalypse, doge will be the last coin standing.Screendoge this.
ID j0ONot falling for your tricks schlomo
Screendoge this.LOLBut in all seriousness, I just bought 300k dogecoins, not gonna sell them for low this time, I set up a sell order for 100 satoshis
I have 250k and seriously considering doubling down.
no more money for me to spend on dogecoins though.
But I also have NLC2 and BTC in a hardware wallet.NLC2 is also a long term buy, they don't want to be on a big exchange yet, but when they do and people get to know it, then it will be big.It's literally the only coin that people are using besides bitcoin.
And the crypto daily guy on youtube also likes it

bought 1,000,000 doge years ago when it was mooning>slow descent into worthlessness after the meme dies>now worth less than $100, stopped giving a fuck>gave them all to some rando on the internet>years pass>doge rises again>now those coins are worth over $1,000
 In Doge we trustbut you didn'tyou deserve it
MFW
Why do the DOGE charts always look so fucked up?
Is this coin completely controlled by a bot or something?
since its such a low value in satoshiif it was flying between 89-112 sats like some other low value coins, the graph would look a little smooth.
But since it only goes up and down by a few sats throughout the periods you set on the candles, the graph looks very rigid, and you get a lot of doji candles.
real talk tho, dogecoin is amazingfast, fee is literally 1 doge.
It's incredibly useful for sending precise amounts and microtransactions.
DOGE has probably been kept alive by it's prolific use as an altcoin basepair.
DOGE is still being used and still has great uses, I don't think the satoshi value is very significant to it's community anyway.
infinitely inflationaryyeah nope.
Kek, well said op
ya'll want some cheap ODN?
I can sell u some
At this point, I'm just going to say fuck the market in general and just amass doge.
DOGE is set for a bull run, like it does every few months.
Smart money is soaking it up right now.
Indeed, strong rumor of a pump signaled by volume on Oct 29th.
Holding 240k ish doge.
i will never sell my doggos
Dogecoin is closer to the satoshi vision than Btrash
does it have any future as a currency though?
Probably not