Is Bitcore (BTX) the final nail in the coffin for Bitcoin Cash?
Bitcore is faster than Bitcoin Cash and has a larger blocksize 20 MB (Bitcore) vs. 8 MB (Bitcoin Cash).
It's had Segwit and Bloom Online from the get go and it's only trading at $40.
Why waste $1000 on an inferior coin such as Bitcoin Cash?
In addition, Bitcore has a 3% airdrop every Monday, as long as you own some Bitcore coins in your wallet and register the address on www.Bitcore.cc.
The airdrops will increase to 4% next month, 5% in January, 6% in February and continue to increase by 1% each month until the coins have been fully distributed.
That's free money every Monday.
Also, the official circulating supply of BTX is actually up to 11,419,386 now, but CoinMarketCap hasn't updated this yet.
This makes the actual marketcap around $180,000,000, so as soon as CMC update this, BTX will jump straight into the Top 100 at around #36.
Oh, and did I mention it's being listed on three new exchanges?
HitBTC later today, followed by Bit-z and Tradesatoshi.
If you got justed by Bitcoin Cash, this is your last chance to get back on top.
Regardless off what any of these coins are called they are all shit coins.
We have faster transactions, cheaper transactions and better tech on 100's of shitcoins then Bcash.
The reason bitcoin will always be king is because it was first and is trusted and has thousands of shops that accept it .
Not because of its tech.
Scam
normies dont care about your shitcoins, notbitcoins, and eth is going to die becuase they are communist pedo horsefuckers and ugly as shitdespite all your meme tech talk its a fucking popularity contest
 being this desperate
the cringe
people like you>namely a rich chinese magnate
segwitYou say that like its a good thing
So there was a free airdrop in April?https://steemit.com/crypto-news/@xwerk/bitcore-btx-free-coins-for-btc-holders-weekly-airdrops-until-november-or-worth-usd10-coinAnd now another free airdrop in november?https://steemit.com/crypto-news/@xwerk/bitcore-btx-guide-the-2nd-snapshot-for-btc-hodlers-free-btx-or-how-it-worksDoes that mean if i did nothing.
(just hodl btc) I got both?Has there been any other freeairdrop coins that i missed.?
I have been holding BTC since 2015
i love tradesatoshi, little shitty exchange to trade low volume coins
shhhh, don't let the normies know
Ahahaahah