I put together a small portfolio of alts to put away for 1-2 years.
Give me one more coin to sink 1 ETH into.I know I'm probably not going to get rich off these, but if I can make a few thousand I would walk away happy.
Ark and link are shit.
You are an idiot
POWR?
there is a small coin called "Bitcoin" you may want to consider, you retarded miserable cunt
>Centra
Definitely POWR
-2 years then better buy DGB...
modum
BAT, LINKYou're welcome
Kyber
How do I buy other coins besides eth and bitcoin?
I can buy them from coinbase but there's no option to buy other coins from there
COSS
You buy other coins with Bitcoin, on other exchanges, newfag.
use one of the coin markets like bittrex or binance.
you transfer the coins from coinbase to those markets to buy
DOGENo sorry, I meant "XVG"
Which coin market do you recommend?
Req, if they deliver the roadmap they will be a powerhouse in 2 years.
But really, sell Centra.
iExec.
People will tell you it's a shitcoin.
Do your homework, look at other "similar" projects, look at the price/market cap.
It's a 50x in the next 2 years for sure
Not having POWR as a long term hold is a big mistake.
Coss and odn, high risk but high reward
honestly, use both.
there are different coins on both of them.
STORJ and XRP
Sell everything and invest it all on butconnect
I like Binance.
Lots of people use Bittrex as well.
buys tokens not alts.>doesn't hold related alts to maincoins>buy etc you idiot.
iExec is good.
I have 20k, but somehow they also have a gay retarded Chainlink-like "rarely any marketing" policy like full morons.
I somehow always have the luck to only buy coins where the devs are not interested in any marketing or trying to create hype.
REQ.
Read the whitepaper, roadmap, and updates, you'll be convinced.
Great investment for your time frame there
OP here.Definitely copping some REQ - that's a no brainier.
Don't know about POWR, even if I wanted to it's at like +30% right now.How about SUB?
It seems like a great idea, easy for normies to understand and a no brainer like req.
certain websites are already mining btc/eth through other people's computers like the pirate Bay.
Since you're looking to invest in "one more thing" and then sit on it for a while, this is easy: ASTRO.
You'll collect ETH dividends as the fund invests to capture the upside of new ICO opportunities and certain other kinds of market dislocation.It's currently trading on ED for only about 1.5x ICO price, so you can pick up some shares now before it pops higher on a real exchange, before dividend in late December, etc.
A proper long term alt portfolio would be something like:Ethereum / Monero / Stellar Lumens
If you have under $10K you should have no long term holds, you should be trying to acquire more bitcoin by whatever means, most alts realistically are shitcoins with no future, so hold only the big cryptos and trade everything else.
This.
Hold 2k RLC.
These niggas need to learn to market their product.
I've got most of my bones in FUN atmLooking forward to when it hits $1 in March
4450656This and nothing else