What's a good alt to put my BCH winnings into after all this fuckery tonight?
LINK.
You won't fucking regret it.
Big news literally this week.
depends on how quick this all blows oversalt for december gainsreq for Q1 gainslink for Q2 gains
xrp
LINK, REQ or if you want to play save - ETH
Loving all the bag holders suggesting literally the worst coins in existence.
Buy BTC dumbass, it's about to rocket upward now that BCH is dead.
You're fucking welcome.
NEO for medium-term gains ($100-ish by year end)
How in fuck is BCH dead?
Which news?
Have a link for these future link news?
REQ
GRS for a quick 50%
XMR.
Can't say what, literally found out this morning, hopefully it'll be official in the next 48 hours.
This isn't a shill, I gave OP an answer, I'm hodling comfy.
Screencap this.
EPY
VTC, XMR
COSS if you want to 100x
I have 8k Link.
Should I buy more or is the news already priced in?
Definitely not priced in, again I can't tell you what to do or not to do, I got this news literally FRESH as possible, it will need to go through several departmental heads before its 100%.
But it is promising.
Guys you need to buy Bitcoin cash now, you can still get like 4 bitcoins for your old CoreSegwitJewCoin if you catch my drift.
Please, I went in all on 0.26 and belive in the floppening, thanks for showing me the light biz it really made me think and even the logo is green so it can only go up.
Just get some Bitcoin cash guys you got the pole position in buying it before the "normies" have to get in at a 2:1 ratio, yes 2:1 you will see so if you wanna be rich get in now
why the fuckdo you think random people will trust anon
RCNy have an existing business (https://www.ripio.com/en/) and customers to easily sell this to.
Thats huge for adoption.
Thats why OMG is what it is.
Do you deny this?The ICO pre-sale had NO BONUSES.
Do some googling please.
But even if there were, what does Tim Draper have to gain from making 10% on 10 Million?
When you're in the billions you're only concerned with making 100s of millions.
Thats why they invest in ICO and HOLD.
Maybe he'll dump some when its 3-400M market cap, probably not till its nearing a billion (est.
Q1 2019) or more.Its a little pumped right now but may not go much lower.
Long term it won't matter.Market cap= 67 Million.What problem it solves: A global peer-to-peer credit network based on co-signed smart contracts.With RCN you aren't limited to just borrowing crypto (btc,eth etc) you can borrow any currency in the world.
(USD,CAD,YEN)The RCN team has over 15 developers and genius advisors such as Sergio Lerner the cofounder of rootstock.Key investors= Bilionaire Tim Draper; The guy that found skype in 2005 and sold his share for 1 billion USD recently, the guy that bought 30,000bitcoin from the us goverment during the silk road closure.Bilioniare Lu Guanqiu ceo of the company Fenbushi Capital;Once called “China’s Elon Musk” for buying out an American hybrid-electric car company,Lu Guanqiu is the founder of Wanxiang Group, one of China’s largest automotive parts manufacturers.^ These guys do not fuck around google there history.This coin was added on bittrex A WEEK AFTER being released.
Name one coin recently that was added to bitterx instnatly?
This coin is serious...do you think these billionaires would invest in this coin if it wasn't going to literally 50x?
Follow the smart money /biz/ It literally is around ICO price.
Definitely not priced inDeluded larping faggot.
The market for alternate finance gained popularity in recent years.
A finding by Transparency Market Research suggests that “the opportunity in the global peer-to-peer market will be worth $897.85 billion by the year 2024, from $26.16 billion in 2015.
The market is anticipated to rise at a whopping CAGR [Compound Annual Growth Rate] of 48.2% between 2016 and 2024.”>While Research and Markets estimates the global P2P lending market to grow at a CAGR of 53.06% during the five year period between 2016 and 2020.
Morgan Stanley in a report in 2015 predicted that such marketplace lending would command $150 billion to $490 billion globally by 2020.>http://www.nasdaq.com/article/the-rise-of-peertopeer-p2p-lending-cm685513Ripio's value is not based on a coin gimmick, the tech behind RCN is nothing special.
Ripio's value comes from the fact that it has proven people going into an industry that is sure to rise and they will start making money in the near future, not 2-3 years from now, but NEXT year.
They got many pieces ready, their roadmap ends in April for God's sake.
continued anything under 2k sats is guaranteed x10 this week
I feel like shilling this poor might actually be a countershill, if so 9/10 because seeing it everywhere just convinces me BCH really is dead.I have nothing to fucking gain from lying, if you think the 2 or 3 anons who see my post will have any effect on the price of LINK you're wrong.
If this was some 50 satoshi shitcoin sure maybe I could trick you guys into buying and then dump on your asses.
Or if I was posting 2-3 threads a day MAYBE I could shill you guys into buying enough to raise the price 1 cent, but I'm not.
I'm literally telling 2-3 anons about this because it costs me nothing to share good news.
4317975I think i know what it is and I'll tell people since I'm not a faggot.It was probably https://www.swift.smartcontract.com/ being online for an hour this morning( i visited it myself), it's since been taken down but I seen some other anon with screenshots of the page earlier maybe he's lurking.It got pretty much overlooked though because of the whole bcash shitstorm thing flooding the board
No you dumb fuck, everyone knows that, I already said I got this news FRESH.
Like from my boss.>inb4 LARPIf it matters I was a lonely autist growing up, I was on 4chan since 2006, so yes even though I got a good degree and have a good job I can't stop coming back to this site.
Believe it or not some successful people browse this site.
Lol kI hold a lot of link anyway so you don't have to shill to me but my larp-o-meter is going off the charts here.
Just screencap me and see what happens.
Not gonna try and convince you when your mind is already made up.
then why can't we have a hint?
cos im finding it real fucking difficult to stick with LINK atm
An organisation will move 7 figures into LINK this week, and then next week announce a 'research initiative' which is a fancy way of saying a 'pre-partnership'.
Sergey wouldn't give them any of the pre-allocated LINK because they aren't going to be running a node.
holy shit, if this is legit then that's huge.
Where the fuck do you work anon?
let me guess, smartcontract.com?
Ark.
At least that's what I'm doing.
CONFIDO GUARANTEED MOON LAMBO
you are a winner my friend
whats ARKs main selling point?
Heard it was ran by a bunch of incapable stoners
This
I work for the firm in question.
Got the job because they have a major hard on for blockchains and I spent my entire interview talking about blockchains back in 2012, before it was that mainstream.
Obviously they were doing their own research already, but none of the other applicants even knew what a blockchain was kek.
It's already unsellable.
Just try.
Litecoin.
It's like bitcoin but without the fuckery.
That's the meme, but the team is actually the best I've seen in crypto.
The main selling point is their goals for laying down the foundation of the Ark Ecosystem through 2018, basically.
I'm too tired to explain more in depth.
And staking rewards are a big draw too
Reminder that YCombinator's extreme aggression will never be as cool to brainlets as a skateboard with some stickers on it.They don't even have the mental fortitude to bother finding out what YCombinator is in the first place.
They know skateboards though.
And stickers.
Stickers of great implied partnerships.
Remember when Omisego was sucked off by McDonald's and now every single OmiseGO coin = 1% share of McDonald's?Remember when Apple agreed to bundle OmiseGo with every apple product and communicated this through a sticker on the bottom of a skateboard?This is how the average crypto investor "thinks".
This is why OmiseGo has more than half a bill marketcap.Omisego actually has some super valuable partnerships that make them worth quite a bit, but they're barely shilling them and no one even pays attention to them it's hilarious.
Floating on skateboard memes instead.
god you're a fucking loser>i was here first buy my bagseven if link moons tomorrow you'd still be a faggot
POSW for gains till New Years.
Stop with the POSW shilling.
Literally one of the worst coins out there.
MOD, VTC and LINK
VTC ARK SALT
Nubit and Nu Shares (!
)XMR
Tiny market cap>New dev team>Releasing updates throughout the rest of the year>"HUR DUR DA WURST COIN CUZ I LOST MUNY 6 MONTHZ AGO"
$100 by december.
IS STILL ON!