Every programmer I know is an atheist.
How crazy do you have to be to get a bachelors degree in science and still believe in the bible and flat earth.
I'm a programmer and no atheist.
asked and answered, very crazy
JavaScript and html isn’t programming gtfo pajeet
Are those the only 2 terms you know?
if you are a programmer and think it through you will unevitably come to the conclusion that God exists.
Who would think a nano quantum computer ^100 would exist without a creator ?Its retarded to think that evolution doesnt exist and earth is flat.
But the Creator thing is more legit that the no creator shit
Being religious automatically makes you a street shitter just like Luke crash jr here
burgers, when will they learn?
bachelors degree is like... the lowest degree there is.
did he get kick out afterwards?
Then you know a lot of stupid programmers, hell is big enough for all of them however.God was a programmer and this is all His simulation.
Prove me wrong.
OP must be a bug
If this is his sim, why didn't he terminate it when you were born?
Clearly his biggest fail.Musn't be a sim then.
God might exist but he probably doesn't give a flying fuck about you.
So the whole bible thing is just retarded.God tier entities are making new universes n shit.
they don't care for some bacteria low life form like humans.
So creator?probably.God as le man in le sky caring about the people?
probably not
God was a programmer and this is all His simulation.Damn...
hellIf you browse 4chan you are going to hell no doubt
tfw it's just a simulation
More like a team of programmers.
But they would've no god status even if they coded up this shitty simulation.
The closest to god would be the CEO of the company the programmers work for.
And that would be truly pathetic to worship.
if you aknowledge the Creator, then you are halfway through.
Do you think he would create for nothing.
Create and just go elsewhere ?
Anyway, each and everyone his path in spirituality.But God is certainly unique.
Ockham razor : why would you think there are lots of gods when only one is enough to explain ?
Its not logical to enter polytheistic cults.
yes in the end i feel stupid for laughing at my dad because he said it's quite impossible to think how we got this far just because of evolutionnow i believe in the simulation theorie
why would you think there is only one God?it's not logical if you aren't a brainwashed Christ cuck.
It's retarded that X can't exist without being created by a creator>It's not retarded that a creator can exist without being created by a creatorThe absolute state of God Maximalists.
Modern atheists almost all ascribe to humanist values which are just christcuckoldry evolved.
It's more of a strength/weakness thing, where weak wills are attracted to comforting lies.
imagine how long it took blockstream to find programmers dumb enough to not understand that they could've just bought bitcoin and been more rich than getting paid trying to destroy it
we cant understand God, but we can understand that nano quantum computers cant exist by themselves.
So we cant know for sure how God came into existence but we are damn sure if something we know cant exist.Im not christian but keep trying.
Each and everyone his path.
I think most biz are underaged people to understand those concepts.
I laughed at them too.
Think deep about it and experience it in your lives, you will eventually come to the same conclusions.
bait
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/God_of_the_gapsYou could have just linked this.
this kind of thing was really my entry point to aknowledge the Creator.
At this point there are many arguments people can throw at you and they are right.
Only one thing can shut down all critics and have all your answers.
The god of the gaps thing is flawed as fuck too, but its a good entry point for the post teen scientific guy
I am god, I am saving that sim for burning in a glass box when I have enough funds to build the box in the house I made.I've killed a lot of sims, the last one died because I deleted his toilet.
Exactly.
If there's a god, why would it give two fucks about life on Earth?I personally think that our Universe exists because if there was nothing in existence there would be nothing to ponder existence.
In nothingness, everything can exist.It's also why I believe that our Universe isn't special and we're just one of what could be an infinite amount.
If I was a God that could summon Universes at will, each with different fundamental properties and each creating their own types of life if they have the capability to do so, and each having their own systems of time that pass instantly for me because I'm a God and I do as I please, why the fuck would I even glance at the intelligent monkeys that evolved on a rock 13B years into a random ass Universe that isn't even that interesting?People think God exists because they're incapable of a higher level of thinking and they lack the knowledge the knowledge to make the conclusion in the first place.We're stupid fucking monkeys that are so arrogant we believe that this omniscient as fuck God even acknowledges our existence, if it even exists in the first place.
God is a concept humans made up because we like certainty and because we're too stupid to think of anything else.
IOTA devs pray to allah
They bow down 5 times a day so that Ahmed can penetrate them with no lube
also recently proven that Luke Jr is Cobra-Bitcoin, owner of Bitcoin.orgThe biggest bitcoin website that decides which client software most people use is run by a crazy
Let me just leave this mathematical proof of the existence of god here (from Kurt Gödel)
Must be scary for shills that one comment to this guy on Twitter can send him into a fanatic rage that crashes bitcoin
Implying that Batchelors degrees are worth anything these daysThey fucking hand them out if you collect enough coupons in Subway these days OP