>current products don't work>already shilling new productsIs Tesla a fucking meme brand or what?
Tesla is all about marketing, and no tech
Bankrupt in 10-15 years.
This.
They’ve had 1 quarter of profitability in their entire existence.
Elon used TSLA to bail himself out of Solar City.
The company barely makes ends meat with goberment gibs.
They are never going to be able to secure the necessary amount of lithium to keep the crack smoking giga factory running at full capacity.
The entire value of the stock is centered around Musks cult of personality.I’d rather hold (c)Ripple than this shit.
>be tesla>rely on billions of government gibs and tax handsouts>lose $13 million every day>have market cap higher than ford even though you generate 1/10th in sales
Their semi is fucking absurd, if it can't go 800+ miles on a "full tank" then it is essentially worthless and projections are putting it at far less than that.Tesla shills will now claim "Yeh but muh short-haul" and completely ignore the fact that you still rack up hundreds of miles doing short haul between or around a city.
Can you fucking imagine ordering in a shipment of bricks and the guy on the phone asks you where your electric vehicle charging point is so the driver can make it back to depot?
But no, it's electric and electric is cool and trendy and fashionable so it must be a REALLY GOOD tractor, it just MUST BE.
Go over to /g/ and see how fucking deluded they are.
How about you watch the actual unveil you fucking retard?
The fully loaded range on a highway is 500 miles, with 30 minutes charge time.
kys you deluded faggot
have market cap higher than ford even though you generate 1/10th in salesSeriously though how is this possible?
Obvious.Meme and hype brand.
And offset for US gov tech research, because they cant embarass themselves officially.
Stock markets don't reflect the present, but the expectation for the future.
With global warming, smog etc.
driving more and more regulation up to a complete ban of gasoline cars, EV's or other emission-free cars will dominate private transport of the future.
Tesla, as the leading EV producer, has a higher probability of being dominant in this future market than traditional car manufacturers that still have to make the switch from gasoline to electric.
What Tesla products dont work?Seen only a few Teslas here in germany but they looked like they were driving on the same roads as me.
Was I daydreaming?
This.Tesla is Apple on steroids.
Yes, don't question /pol/.
Tesla rockets when?
They work perfectly, that's what drives the petrolheads crazy.
Trump will never let this happen Gtfo commie liberal
You're on a crypto board and can't into speculation?
SpaceX
One thing I hate most in the world is slow, dirty, obnoxiously loud fucking trucks>Eradicated in one fell swoopHow is this man so based?
Trump not, but he'll be around max.
8 years.
Plus, the by far biggest market of the future (China) already has giant smog problem & a government that doesn't hesitate in terms of rules and regulation.
Because they're... commies.
Bad for the chinese, good for Tesla.
Nearly every traditional car maker has a fully electric car now, and GM has invested huge amounts in self driving and EV projecting a dozen models by 2020.And that's without hemorrhaging money like Elon and his mememachines.
ICE got btfo.
Petrolheads on a suicide watch.
At least Apple is profitableMusk can't even read a prompter without stuttering, the guy's a leeching dummy
This.
It's far more likely that Tesla overtakes Ford than Ford turns 100% EV and retains the same or greater market share.Remember - the price reflects the stockmarket's faith, not the present and remember that prophecy can be wrong.Plus, the by far biggest market of the future (China) already has giant smog problemInteresting point, but how much headway will non Chinese companies be able to make there?
The US is a very different market to all other car markets, no one buys as many SUVs as the States.
Not saying that Tesla will be the one and only car manufacturer in the EV future.
But they are quite some steps ahead and just as Tesla is atm burning insane amounts of money to push EV production up, the other manufacturers will have to do the same in an environment when Tesla is already up and running (if they survive the money bleeding they suffer atm).
That's why the Tesla stock is that high vs their low amount of vehicles produced.
Musk is a visionary, and Tesla is a forward thinking company, but seriously why arent people talking about how Tesla losses money literally every year
But they are quite some steps ahead and just as Tesla is atm burning insane amounts of money to push EV production up, the other manufacturers will have to do the same2-3 years ago yes, but automakers have adapted to EV production faster than Tesla is adapting to *mass* production.
They're pushing out just a handful of cars while others are starting to produce thousands.
I don't know much about Tesla in China or chinese EV efforts in general, but everyone knows that the chinese government would rather like to build their own cars vs import them.
Nonetheless, even in terms of traditional petrol cars, the chinese car efforts are still laughable compared to what western car companies produce.And even though Tesla is a US company, they are far away from the typical SUV mass producer and are very sought after in Europe as well.
In Switzerland for example (where purchasing power is high), there are more Tesla Model S being sold than Mercedes S-Class or BMW 7 series.
If you can't grasp that the potential value of Tesla is much higher than the current net profit then I'm guessing you don't actually invest in any tech companies.
Tesla holds tons of patents and the tech can find it's way into other markets.
Besides the fact that the cars are very nice.
I have no doubt it'll be worth the current valuation.
Imo probably worth more.
That's the tricky question - who will be faster, traditional carmakers adopting EV or Tesla adopting mass production?
The stock market seems to be betting on Tesla, because mass production, while being expensive, is something that has been around for decades and is done all over the world by many companies successfully.
Actually usable EV's on the other hand, not so much.Another matter to consider: A big factor in EV mass production is the battery.
Your EV's with all the car tech you know how to mass produce for 50+ years will be useless without battery, and mass producing batteries is not cheap neither trivial in terms of raw material.
That's also why e.g.
Toyota is still experimenting with hydrogen cars instead of going full battery-EV, despite their long experience with hybrids.
They know that mass producing the batteries is going to rape their butt.
> not a single mention in this thread about the new roadster doing 0-60 in 1.9sLiterally the fastest production car ever produced if true + can do 630 miles per charge (~2x petro engines) Up to this point its been all hype and muskmemes, but if those numbers are real and there's no fuck ups inbetween getting one on the road, i think they'll do alright
>poor people hating on Tesla
Too bleeding edge for the plebians
Should I invest in this after they reveal the exorbitant price of the semi or is tesla finished?
No tech NO TECHahhhhhhhHAHAHABAHAHAHJAHAJAJAJAJPic related
there are a lot of retarded clowns on this board, but the delusional tesla truthers have to be the most retarded of them all
Bad for the chinese, good for Tesla.Since when is reducing smog bad for the local populous?
Trump will never let this happenAmerica isn't the only country on earth you know?Sweden, Germany, Netherlands and France are already starting to ban old cars to reduce emissions.
Look at all those leddit soyboys surrounding Musk
I meant the communist government, not the smog reduction.
Actually, in terms of smog, having a restrictive regulation-friendly administration might even be a good thing.
but everyone knows that the chinese government would rather like to build their own cars vs import them.That's exactly what I suspected.>Nonetheless, even in terms of traditional petrol cars, the chinese car efforts are still laughable compared to what western car companies produce.So you expect they will need, albeit reluctantly, just because of lack of volume, import?> In Switzerland for example (where purchasing power is high), there are more Tesla Model S being sold than Mercedes S-Class or BMW 7 series.Interesting.
Any insights into why?
Like obviously it's a small country.
Does EV handle changes in altitude better or something?will be useless without battery, and mass producing batteries is not cheap neither trivial in terms of raw material.You may be onto something at Honda's battery efforts in Formula One (ICE Hybrid).
Utterly dismal even after several years of competition.
They just can't lick the tech.
why don't they just mandate that people use environmentally friendly magic flying carpets?
Lithium is not rare anon
>people hating on Elon MuskYou are seriously deluded, if you guys also HODL link, this confirms the deluded linkies meme.Elon NEVER overpromised on product, everything he said his products could do, they did it, the only thing he is overly opmistic are deadlines.
500 is equal to or greater than 800 Wow, you sure showed me.
No wonder you're here on /biz/ with a head for figures like that!
When will the new Tesla blockchain hit Bittrex?
>Casually makes the fastest car in history>petrolheads still like muscle carsIt's like you want to be a retard.
By law truck drivers must make a 30 minute stop every 8 hours or so, which is around 400 miles, which means he can use that time to recharge and essentially lose no time at all.
Pretty much.
Trust the specs, never trust the deadlines
What the fuck do you think he's gonna use his rockets for, nigger?
He's going to be mining asteroids and planets for resources including lithium.
And we won't even run out of lithium for 365 years at the current rate.God you people are brainlets.
So you expect they will need, albeit reluctantly, just because of lack of volume, import?That's what they are doing now with gasoline cars, and I'd expect this trend to continue with EV's as well.
Especially because of the battery issue (if no other technology appears; but I doubt hydrogen will easy to use as well)>Does EV handle changes in altitude better or something?Not really - one thing though may be that Tesla's cars are all available with all wheel drive, a feature that's very popular in mountainous areas.I simply suspect that - apart from the high purchasing power - the Swiss are quite luxury-tech-gadget-savy in general.
The country was one of the very last to flip towards Android in the race vs iOS, which happened only last year.
Last but not least, environmental protection issues are shilled much harder in western europe compared to other regions; and in Switzerland you practically see the glaciers melt away with the naked eye.
wew that one wasn't attacked by aliens?
630 miles per charge gas enginesDo they really gimp the fuel tanks for yuropoors?
I have like a 500 mile range in my shitbox sedan.
Tesla.The OMG of Stockmarkets...
That's spaceX you stupid fuck
for real it's fucking embarrassing listening to him, he's much worse than trump
4413959>Musk can't even read a prompter without stutteringHow have you not realized he's got the 'tism?
It's pretty fucking obvious
ExactlyAnd he has spacexIts not viable.
not viableThey said the same thing about his cars when Tesla released the original Roadster.>TFW you'll fly to your Mars vacation in 2030 for 0.0174 BTC
without tesla we would not have this quick advancement in electric cars.
and model s is a fantastic car to drive too.so in many ways tesla is way more important for mankind tecno advancement than most of the worthless social media companies for example.
at least the man is doing, not talking.
Lmao he does have that autistic blank look and the way he moves his mouth is rather odd.
Also ask him about astronauts that talked shit about Space X and his reaction is childlike
Tell that to fisker and their fisker karmait was a failure, SAD
For people saying Elon is not a good public speaker:It's true, he does stutter, but if you read his biography, you will have noticed that he does not rehearse his speeches, since they cut into his work time (as opposed to Steve Jobs, that would spend weeks rehearsing his speeches), he just wings it, everytime you see him speaking, it is the first time he is processing those ideas to the general public, which explains the stutters: he is trying to explain it in laymans terms, dumbing down his massive genius.
If there are someore advancements in lithium battery tech I think Tesla will be much better off
Except Trump is like Tesla, all marketing and no product.
No productI'm pretty sure you must have heard about the things called "Model S" or "Model X" some time.
If not: They are cars, they have 4 wheels, and they're made by Tesla.
They drive on roads and people buy them.
The X has the comfiest seats I've ever driven in.
They're great
If Tesla actually managed to get tons of model 3s off the line next year they will be goldenBut the bears say it is simply impossible to meet that deadline of 12-18 months
So I was pretty intent on one day owning a Model X but then I saw this.
muh mars colony>muh destroying the biggest job market in the world (trucking)>muh impossible hyper tubeI cant believe people fall for this.
Not only that, the projects get funded and WORKED ON even though they are scientifically impossible
pick a job that’s so easy a machine can do it better>cry when you lose your job
% of cargo transport is less than 250 miles tho
>all these brainlets ITT that don't understand brand valueI bet you dummies think Amazon's stock price is over $1100 because of profits lmao
Their semi is fucking absurd, if it can't go 800+ miles on a "full tank">he thinks commercial drivers are allowed to drive 800 miles in a day.lmao kid you dont know what the fuck youre talking about
and GM has invested huge amounts in self driving and EV projecting a dozen models by 2020.>GM
Yeah tell me when those cucks at GMC and Ford make a piece of shit dead on arrival electric car
Dope ass benz, all new cars seem to have NEON lighting on them.
The lights should all be yellow since that is less tiring on the eyes.
.
Hydrogen fucking explodes, it is the most explosive gas there fucking is.
It's dumb ass fucking idea.2.
Teslas also fucking explodes, look at car crashes with teslas the heavy ones are ALWAYS burning wrecks.
Batteries are very flammable, it's a huge safety hazard.Conclusion: both hydrogen AND electric cards are better for the environment but very dangerous to drive in
Gasoline also explodes my dude
Are you insane.
It's far more likely that ford perseveres than Tesla
It was shit, my friend had one, it would always break down.
Fun memory of us going skiing, the heater broke down half way up, he had to drive for 4 hours with -20c in the car.
TESLA WOULD BE BANKRUPT IF THE GUBBERMENT DIDNT GIB THEM MONEYREEEEEEEEEEEE(Not even trolling, legitimately angry)
Tesla lives off rumors.
Always a new surprise to keep you propping the stock up.
At a market cap higher than Ford, you would think it was the market leader in electric car sales.
>doesn't pay dividends
Im not sure if the autopilot shit on a truck is a good idea or not.Car jacking one of these trucks might be super easy.
Guaranteed the saudis will buy that shit uphonestly that looks cheep and faggoty.
Only in movies.
In real life it slowly burns.