I am an employee at CoinbaseAsk me anything.
BCH buy button when?
Will you support full trading of Bitcoin Cash?
what is your wallet address and private key?
Probably not.
The only chase we'd support it is if Bitcoin Cash surpassed Bitcoin in market cap
when BCH surpasses BTC
any new coins you're planning to add ?
Tezos?
is everyone on biz an idiot???
Bcash is to btc what Land Wind is to Range Rover.
With about the same saftey concerns.
jan 2018
So you're telling me coinbase would throw away money?
Is coinbase going to ignore BCH volume on alt exchanges is constantly at the top?
what an obvious larp even if u work for them u dont know shit u probably just push buttons bro
Hahaha.
Fuck no.
I sent money from my bank to Coinbase, my bank has confirmed the transaction but my money didn't arrive WHERE IS MY FUCKING MONEY, GIVE IT BACK JAMAL
Will you support Ark or Neo at anytime in the future?
I would happily buy those with a fiat gateway
Confido (CFD) listed soon?
4365023fuck off, crashfags
Are traps gay?
Seconding thisOP is just pajeet-tier customer support though
As of this time, Coinbase will wait to whether or not Bitcoin Cash will continue to get as much support as it has.
I have not given an exact date of when BCH will be added, or if it will at all.
being this cluelesslololol yeah BCH volume is organic and meaningful
Yo seriously can you get me a Data Analyst position at Coinbase?I just finished my M.S.
in statistics, so I'm qualified.We can laugh about /biz/ memes all day
XRP when?
No, we won't be listing Confido The amount of coins we will supporting will be very small at first, and will be all in the top 10 in market cap
Is coinbase getting overwhelmed by the increase in users?I know they fucked up my wire transfer and credited me more than I put in lol.
Go apply at coinbase.com/careers/ under the data analyst position.
Best of luck.
btw, the position is in san francisco so I hope you're ok with faggots
Will you ever list NEO or is there a good reason not to?
4364992Respond you fucking nigger 
Our team has been looking into both NEO and Monero as possible coins to add within the next 6 months to a year.
This needs to be answerd
Subtle NEO and XMR shill thread
Lol now it's obvious you're a larper
What about Ark?Any discussion there?An Ark/USD option would be huge and is something that many are looking for.
steals your salaryI think coinbase is too big and completely full of shit.
HAHAHAHAHIMPLYING COINBASE HAS CUSTOMER SUPPORT
Not really.
Adding Monero to coinbase ruins the purpose of the coin somewhat, as it's supposed to be private.
However, we're required to track all transactions that occur on coinbase.
Nevertheless, people might be interested in it just for speculative purposesAs for NEO, we think it has significant potential left.
When is Chain Link getting listed???
I want my Bitcoin Cash that you fucks have hostage.
Ark hasn't even been brought up as a point of discussion for Coinbase.
So 95% chance it won't be added within the next year
4365258>Not really.
Adding Monero to coinbase ruins the purpose of the coin somewhat, as it's supposed to be private.
However, we're required to track all transactions that occur on coinbase.
Nevertheless, people might be interested in it just for speculative purposes>As for NEO, we think it has significant potential left.You idiot anybody with half a brain knows that anything purchased off Coinbase should be sent to a private wallet and then sent at least one more time.
BOOM.
Anonymous.
4365039Coinbase has already announced plans to support Bitcoin Cash, in conclusion OP is a larping nigger faggot who should neck him/her/xirself
Post proof or risk being marked a pajeet.
assuming no additional risks emerge during that timeThere are still a number of things that could occur between now and then.
Your fault you kept your btc on coinbase like a dumbass you are.
I think they will add trading support for BCH honestly.
And it's going to open up a giant can of worms in this civil war.
Actually Coinbase employee here.
OP is incorrect.
We are listing WTC.
email from 3.5 months ago from Coinbase makes no mention of market cap in relation to BCH support>your faggot ass says Coinbase won't support it because of market capIn conclusion, OP is a1.
disinfo faggot2.
nigger faggotpick 2 and pic related
I'm trying to verify my ID but it doesn't work.
My ID expired in 2012 is that why ?
Why don't you support wire transfers in GBP?I know your Euro office is in Tallinn, probably because of Estonian eResidency rules, but Euro SEPA transfers for UK people is annoying, especially when we are bailing from the EU soon.
This is why Coinbase support is backed up.
You have retards like this requesting support tickets.
Go down to the DMV and get your ID updated you basement dwelling NEET
Why dont you guys put more resources into marketing?
we don't need to.
It takes like 3 months to update this shitty ID.......
are you a poo?
So Bitcoin isn’t splitting anymore like people were talking about right?
But a split can still happen in the future right?
Post proof faggot, like a photo of your workplace with timestamp or this is just another LARP
It's such an obvious LARP.
This shitskin doesn't even know stuff that is public knowledge.
He is just trying to pump some coin.
I tried buying ETH and BTC today but the transactions were canceled by your banking partner, yet I was able to load up some LTC without issue.
I was scared shitless because I thought you guys locked my account or something, but then I checked coinbase status and it said "degraded performance" for BTC and ETH.Can you tell us what's going on with this?
Why is your customer service such shit?
I've never seen worse in my life.
Why is your customer support so shit?