Neo gold is actually out!
Saw this on coinmarketcap!
Only 0.02cent per neogold!
This is Gona blow!
how much can we expect to profit from this scam?
Next eBTC moon coin!!!
Biz Bros get in now!!!
Ride the wave!!!
wtf this has to be a fucking joke, that is real
This is a shitcoin dude.
The volume is fake.
watched it get PND last night on mercatox.
Real and about to blast off
Don't buy this shit, the address creator moved his ETH to shapeshift already and the website's email support is an anonymous one too.
Their symbol string is also wrong in their smart contract: https://etherscan.io/token/0x449574c69f3a658794829ed81639a7a9ece041e1#readContractLiterally babby pajeet's first shitcoin
Just got listed on etherdelta too!
It's the real deal.
This is the guy that posted here about making 100k/month making scamcoins.Can someone report this cuck somewhere?
No I'm not?
Your the guy who married his sisterIt's on coinmarketcap!
Look yourself
We got the information of all the users from your Telegram Group.
It's not surprising most of them are from Nigeria/Croatia/Philippines.
cool.
bought 100k and killed myself.
I'm in no group!
I'm in my dorm playing cards with 3 fat girls FYI!
1 of which doesn't drink COA she doesn't trust herself with me when she's drunk
Even if you think it is dodgy.
You can still make a killing!
It's only 3 days old.
shit coin yesscam coin, possiblyat 12x my initial investment--don't care about the rest made money (and will increase due to people only now really boarding this, only sad not more weak handed airdroppers sold to me in the very early stages of this coin)
Do NOT touch gents stay the fuck away spread the news ultimate scam coin deluxe platinum gold edition with extra curry sauce
I really who created this dies in the most painful way possible.
You are smart, they don't get it.
Get in, ride the wave, take profits & on to the next moon.
This has the potential to be the next eBTC pump biz.
What could go wrong?
Have fun losing all your money
Or the next bitbean!
That's dogshit but went to $30m
typical pajheet pnd
Have fun missing out on nice gains short term.
4351270You pajeets are retarded.
That's all fake volume.
Have fun when your buy orders fill and you're stuck holding bags with a large spread
its only .00006 sats lol... you poor anon afraid to lose a couple eth?
Stupid nigger you don't even know the difference between a gwei and a sat.
Have fun with your losses
Racist