Has anyone on the board had their coins/tokens stolen in the past?Where and how did you store them?
How did it happen?I want to learn how to protect my investment.
Get a hardware wallet, anon.
Best investment you'll ever make.
Both Trezor and Nano are OK.
I have the latter, as it's cheaper and does the same as the Trezor.
congrats youre more likely to make it just because you bothered to ask.
most (especially normies) will lose their funds because they see no problem with the following:>email private key to self>write down unencrypted plaintext private key on piece of paper>use windows>use google chrome>keep unencrypted plaintext private key in iPhone "Notes" app>take photo of unencrypted plaintext private key
email private key to selfI did this.
Is that bad?
I have two factor on my gmail and I googled and found out google encrypts all their data.
It should be safe?
What if you're constantly trading?
Google also crawls all your emails to find out what ads to serve you.
Encryption or not, real private data is not safe in a gmail account.
Just imagine how many times that data is moved around - every time google does so internally, every time you load your email and it serves them to you, every time emails are indexed.
Are you constantly trading your whole pot?
Only expose what absolutely must be exposed
Ah good point.
Yeah I don't own a lot so I'm pretty much trading everything but I see what you mean.
I had my shekels in a safe and it got stolen by some niggers.
I deposited eth into a fake website a few months back the fucker got 2k and i felt retarded.
It's a price into security education I wish I didn't pay, but now I send small amounts and check website authenticity like a paranoid fuck head.
Eventually the majority of people will learn these lessons in life.
I'm glad my mistake was in the beginning of this cryptocurrency movement.
I don't hate the scammer anymore, he taught me a lesson i will never forget.
I hoped he used the funds on pussy because I probably would have just used it on bills/debt honestly.
Best teacher ever
make a new wallet (don't use Chrome) and transfer your funds to it.
Come up with an algorithm to encrypt the private key with.
Mix characters around, replace them, whatever.
Make it simple enough for you to remember but complex enough for a hacker to have trouble with.
Write down ONLY the encrypted private key.
Congrats, you can now put your encrypted private key anywhere in plain sight and only you will be able to decrypt it as long as you remember your algorithm.
Wow, that's a really good idea.
There's this random 7 character long number sequence I remember since I was a child, I'm sure I can come up with an algorithm using those numbers.Thank you anon.