2 new chinese exchanges announced today.new partnership today.https://twitter.com/mvs_org/status/928211918921244672the connections this company has.. it's literally just a waiting game.
lambo soon.
pic related.
holy shit
Literally sold everything except BTC to get in this.
This is the fuckin retirement card and some people are stupid enough not to buy.
THIS IS THE 100X YOU HAVE BEEN WAITING FORBought 20000 at 1,3$ and 10k at 3$ and 10k at 3,5$.
Sitting comfy.
Are we about to see a pump, or are we still good to accumulate for a little while longer at $3?
You can probably accumulate until the fork.
I don't expect a massive pump until post fork or perhaps a little before as some people decide to use 50% of their BTC for alts rather than B2X when its at it's peak and alts will be struggling badly.
Metaverse is literally shit coin!!!
Do some research on it.
They are scamming people with.
check coinmarket cap.
they release 50 mil coins into it.
I bought neo at 60 cents, and eth at 10$.
i can tell when a coin will great by the stuff they are doing, but considering this coin has been developing for 2 years and only has a shit wallet.
this wont ever go up 10%.
cya all at a few cents.
quality fud>Eric Gu (already has successful company viewfin, partners with DraperDragon and other successful companies)>Chandler Guo (bitcoin advisor) backs ETPfucking retard.
why is it crashing
why is every alt crashing?why did WTC go from 120k to 65k in a week?you must be new to crypto if you dont know why most established alts are crashing.
only new things are making money, MOD DOVU POWR etc.
Okay man I can arleady tell your poor if you're investing in this shit.
It's fine tho, 4chan needs some idiots to trick for their pump and dump.
You should've bin like me and bought at ATL, and sold at 6$
I made 6000$ from Confido and NIO today, you?you'll eat your words on ETP brainlet boy
not exactly a quality fud considering that obvious pajeet english....
PRICED IN!
nigger we arent buying ur bags pajeet scammer.
youve been shilling this coin for months but its just been crashing
4246260stay poor boys.good day.
It was over 100k sats like two-three weeks ago