Where are my arkbros at?
You guys comfy?I just bought some more, you won't have long to get sub $4 ARK.
TattooAbsolutely degenerate.
kys
tits for 1 ltc
I can't tell if your chest is flat or you have massive tits, but I know it's one or the other.
feet for .05 BCT.I'm feeling generous lol.
I do.
I'm incredibly comfy.Do you have snapchat?
Pussy pic for 1 XVG?
Ark nigger reporting in, its pretty confy
.11F
Euro slag.
Ill send 1 of my butt
Kill yourself you fucking thot.
This made me sell all my ark
Guys, I'm not doing requests.
This is just an ARK thread and I needed a picture so I took one.So yea guys, anyone bought on this dip?
Just tell us if your tits are non-existent or massive please.
They're big for my frame.
why you lie your a faggot that paid a girl to make that picture pathetic piece of shit
the absolute state of arkies
hot boiARK looks ok but the team is trying to do too much at once which means lots of delays.
"big"yes if you are asian.
if ark makes 8 i get my first 6 figure payday
show dick
tits or gtfo
You and me bothI'm holding until $50/coin minimum though
I expect that by Q2 2018
Uh, get the fuck out of here you entitled roastie piece of shit?Don't want attention due to your sex?
Then don't garner attention for your thread with your frumpy whore body, stupid.
Post feet and legs wearing stockings for 5 ARK
Bitch stop whoring out your slut girlfriend for crypto gains.
It's embarrassing.
tattoo on tit1/10 wouldn't bang
Post your tits whore
I'm sorry, I didn't know you guys would get so mad.
Literally discovered this site 4 days ago.
We aren't mad, it is just that you do not exist.
show us you're shit hole bitch.
Tits or gtfo
exactly 100$ by Q4 2018
Your posts are boring posts some tits
Must be pajeet.. open bobs pls.
Bitch lasagne.
post your tits & ARK address for free ARK
Well now you know.
So post your tits or fuck off.
And get banned..
getting banned on /biz/ good meme
post those titties
tattoo
This is democracy, never change /pol
 /polfucking hang from a treeOP the way you drew that question mark makes me suspect that you have fetal alcohol syndrome.
pls show bob ur vagene bitch
There's 50 Ark in it for you.
For some reason, I don't trust you.
25 ARK for your feet
Should be a smart contract that release funds into wallet as soon as a verified unique and recent tit pic has been delivered
henlo sexc american white woman i wan get cumfy wit u. i hab ark too very good coin much handsome profits for us
femanon here.
will post feet pics for ark srs
oh shit, wait she wrote the day before the month, she is not American, she is a degen EU whore, abort abort, Pajeet no want bad EU gril ahhhhh, how do i delet poast !?!
Please send vagina
timestamp
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YM2NQgIG-QM
tfw get free shit for having a vagina.
"males" on /biz/ truly are beta bitches
incoming
Okay, I give.
How much Ark or btc would I get to show my face?
depends how sexy
Lots of underage fucks ITT, fucking hell
Standard blonde I guess, average at best
don't show your face unless you wanna become a /biz/ meme
Serious question, what brings you to /biz/?
Or this site at all?
she will be forgotten before the end of the week even if she shows face lol
A fellow whale told me about it.
I'm into crypto, so why not?
My ID keeps changing as I switch from wifi to data and back to wifi.
Does this normally happen?
Anonymous (ID: QYOFZ6rF) 11/10/17(Fri)00:15:32 No.4274534▶why is everyone so fucking cancerous, jesus...most of you should be fucking thrown up against a wall and culled......
are you trying to reply to someone?
lolwhat a dumb cunt
TatDROPPED
I'm going to bed.
I don't really care anymore, here's my face.
Feel free to roast me.In not gonna put up my ARK wallet cuz I'm not a beggar.
Good night.
AQ7KUTdayw9DQvmGXJk1u8anCqys8mBajvhold up your end and there could be more where that came from
shitty nails>fingers covered>no tits>non-amurrigan date formatyes that's right, i'm calling OP a faggot
See this?
This is it, it's over the normies are flooding into crypto, stacies and chads will finally burst the bubble.
What did you do your eyebrows with?
Shoe polish?
Hahahahaha.
You're one ugly British dood.
>I will not fallNice way to say you're going to moon
so weird when guys paint their nails
I was in since 2012.
Pls.
dude your feet are disgusting
Chipped right big toe toe nailDROPPED
THOSE EYEBROWS AND CHIN HOLY FUCK YOU LOOK LIKE A TRANNY
Literally discovered this site 4 days ago.>I was in since 2012Dumbfuck.
You will lose your 100 bucks in some p&d i can already tell.
are you a guy?
^-^
female (male)
i would have to agree, luckily i'm not a guy.
maybe i'll take some of these juicy alt gains i've made today and get a pedi this weekend, my feet are looking trailer park tier lately
you wish, i swear the meme about 4chan and cripplechan being full of homos and virgins is true
desu that guy isnt wrong, your feet look like you're a manlet who painted his nails.
show your pussy (boipucci)
thats it, just sold all my arkies
they feel upset because having any sort of identity is frowned upon on 4chan.
they feel you are using your gender to garner attention and think it's kinda bullshit you're denying it.
That's just how this place works.
you guys are such dicks wtf
shut the fuck up cringy redditor beta white knight
Hay butiful open bobs an lasagna for me.
not sure tranny or not, good blowjob lipstho
Those are manly feet, what is your testerone value?
Why are you posting an image from two months ago?
they're slightly below average for a dude
senpai with those veins i dont think so, prolly injects roids in his dick or something.
this is some 4D ARK fud
ThisAlso 3k Arkie here
negro i wear a size 5 shoe.
Some brands i have to buy the kids/girls sizes, same with clothes.
If i was a dude then i'd have to be an extreme manlet or be 9 years old.
If i had known that i was going to offend your delicate sensibilities i would have changed my polish or something.
Tbh i probably won't do much to my feet until spring.
Beach season is out/boot season is in where I live anyway.
4275291I knew you were lying when you said you were going to sleep.
No roastie can ignore attention.
da fuq?
she and I are not the same person anon.
I would never post my face here.
especially if i looked like I applied my makeup with a flaming shovel
tits or gtfo
Too many ugly feet in this thread so posting GF's
women coming onto /biz/ immediately calling everyone virgins when they dont get their way
For these I would've sent 25 ark
These are the ugliest feetalso show ragged boipucci
Kek, glad you like
at least your white OP unlike 99% of biz
average height for a 9 year old boy is 4'8HAHAHA
back to your containment board
4275398>attention-seeking>virgin-shaming>roastie infightingr9k was right.
they were always right.you roasties are so fucking dumb and predictable
Biz is representative of NWO.
umad bruh?
you seem to be pretty familiar with the anatomy of 9 year old boys
yes, it's easy to google things
Wow I thought I was the only femanon here (: I only post for OMG though lol!
I'm not seeing any tits here, you know the rules tits or gtfo
jesus, even cougars are into crypto now
aww sweetie, you're so good at googling :) i'll post your search results right here on the fridge, right where I can see them every day.
Such a special boy you are.
Well, I hope your feet are nicer, try your luck
Need help reaching the fridge?
Please post public address so that I can look you up, I don't believe anyone on /biz/ has that much money :)
see
public adress for Bittrex wallet?
^_^ But yeah whatever
your deposit* address :bI can see my own deposit address on etherscan after all ^_^but of course you're just trying to get free feet pics, you don't actually have that much OMG :P
Kek how much OMG for bj
post pics of you drowning in crude oil and and ill send your family some link
i dunno 10 i guess lolew, link
feet look just like my old ex's >havent fucked around with feet in over a year now because its not something you bring up with randoms from clubs>now miss ex & her feetJUST
Oh look another guy pretending to be a girl for attention - HANG YOURSELF.
get it?
because the value of your life can be measured in link.because you are fucking worthless
awww~ duh lil' virgin dweeb is maaaaaad?
:)
deal but your prob 10000miles away so unlucky bruh
woman enters thread>GET OUT ROASTIE PLEASE POST FEET I'LL PAYNot even a roastie, but holy shit is 4chan filled with desperate anons.
Gurl you need to tweez those brows.
Where do you think you are?
IDs are different.why did you post a picture of yourself.
how much ark do you own anon?
k, trying to get more but it's mooning atm, normally I just put up a 5btc wall and it crashes lol, but I'm not sure if that's a good idea today ^_^
tfw only 60arkA-anon I don't like begging b-but... just tell me I will make it, I know nobody ever sends anything here.
9/11/17EUROTRASH
you won't make it, staking a delegate costs 1 ARK (so far, soon to be reduced to 0.1) so you can't expect exponentially grows.
Tell me your portfolio and I give you suggestions of what to change.
If you only own 60 ark you should look for a job tho ^_^
% ETP33% NEO33% Monero
Didn't you start the thread anyways?
The fuck is going on
looks solid, but I'd sell NEO, the gain is very slow compaired with Ark, you can't get a 25-100x with Neo anymore imo, so I'd sell that.
Now go get a job and buy more ark.
WHat makes you think i need a job lol i do full time online hussling, i own a few huge social media pages i milk.
profit goes in too Crypto.Shill me on Ark pls what you think is the potential in 1 year?
huge updates are coming, I checked their github chat today.
too lazy to shill now, Ark needs no more shilling.
100k sats eoy, 250k-500k end 2018
Whats your opinion on ZenCash and why don't you have any of it?
You're on the wrong thread buddy
I'd stick my 7.5"er in you bb
Buy in now or can we expect a dip soon>I debating for a long time with myself to throw 10k in to it
buy while its under 50k sats
ill buy 3k now, if it dips another 3k, if it wont dip im cucked kek
I just sold.
You're boring.
Tits or gtfo
$8If ark hits $5 I'll be worth a quarter million in crypto overall.
Gib
Let's see the rest of her body.
Is it as nice as her feet?
Got 187 ARK Got 1000 ADAFrom excess profits on ETH and LTC, how rich am going to be in 2 years?
having a foot fetish unironicallykek
I have a 117 ARK will I make it guys?
post feet onegai
Its over arkies.
I've already got 1k.
Don't need more, just waitin for the moon mission.
Post feet and btc addy and I send 0.5
Making $3500 in one night from posting your feet on 4chan.
>>vPzQFqbPsource please oh please
The autism behind that message just shattered my monitor, holy shit.
This isnt reddit
HAAHAHAHAHAAHHAHAHAHAHAHATRYNA PLAY WITH THE BIG BOYS
I love how you dont get the joke so instead you decide to jerk yourself off over how mature you are.
Do you really want people vain into the discussion by posting pic timestamps of themselves all the time?
If a guy did that, he'd get the same response minus the thirst
Even biz is infested with roasties now.
Absolutely disgusting, there is nowhere on the internet nowadays where you can browse in peace and discuss with your bros without these attention whores busting in and posting selfies or begging for handouts.
Women are literally cancer.
Buy now, mobile wallet is going to be finished on Monday.
Open vagene pls
you just have zero skills mate.
be carefule my frend
Why do you guys have to sperg out every time a female appears in a thread?
You are so fucking embarrassing, I swear.
Why can't you just be chill?
I know this is bait but is the girl in that pic sitting inside a glory hole stall or is she just in a shed?
LMAO
OP clearly haven't the right amount of delusion to be a deluded arkie.Also maybe OP has 30 ARK begged somewhere in the normie social world
Bark for ark
the most inquisitive minds congregate at /biz/dumbo OP didn't realize that most fuckos who poast here have intense yellow fever for the azn beaver.overall, grils are not welcome here.
pls let us have our safe space, where men can be men, and only men should be poasting pink wojaks goddamn it.
very nice!
Can confirm, azn qt or nothing at all.
90% of girls from other races don't do anything for me.
90% of Asian girls get me hard instantly.
If kawaii azn ever posted her she would be an instant bitcoin millionaire.
Chang is truly the qtest Chink.
I think I followed you on twitter for a day or two but had to mute you and unfollow because I saw you post pics of yourself.
Sorry for the negativity but as someone who was born before the turn of the century your attention whoring makes me nauseous.Also, don't pay attention to these basement-dwelling neets who've never even kissed a girl, let alone seen one naked irl.
You're really pretty for a trap.
I've been talking to this AZN QT for a few years, decided to meet her.I've dated white girls, black girls, had fuck buddies.She was different, she was super fucking cute in person and the time spent with her was really fucking nice, like, I didn't know that actually existed.Then she said I was like a brother, and I told her she's mentally unstable for a relationship, that's why I never pulled moves, I just enjoy her company, and then she started to cry and couldn't tell me why and I told her "so if I go back home and start dating other people, you would be ok with that?
".She said she'd be happy for me and all of that, then the next few days she was super flirty and stuff, I don't think I felt much chemistry but it was really just nice to hang with a girl with 0 expectations.Plus Taiwan is great, highly recommend it, awesome country side and shit to do, meeting her did help with depression, but now I focus all my energy into crypto.So buy NEO, you cunts.
Lips too big>Too much makeup>Might be a trap, because of long hair to hide bone structure, and thick makeup.It's a no from me.
Tits or gtfo
Guys roasties smelling the money.
Some smart roasties knows some dudes in crypto space will get rich and they are preparing for it.
lul tattos, is she a single mom and has piercings