Are you fucking stupid?
Buy Powr NOW.It's a fucking miracle that I stumbled upon this coin while trolling plebbit.
It's the best investments you can make and I have moved a quarter of my worth into this coin (about $110k).
This coin will either make me a million or push me into the crypto millionaire status level.
Let me explain something to you guys-The days of mooning for no fucking reason or over rumors are over.
People's [fairly large] investments in DGB went down 2500% over a rumor, which is fucking hilarious but also very sad, which is why we won't see that shit anymore.
Crowd psychology is adapting and events like DGB leave a bad taste in everyone's mouth.What's next?
Real world application.
We've left the hype phase and now investors want to see implementation.
I think even WE'RE sick of hype pumps that go nowhere, because for those of us who don't get lucky with exit points, we get left in the dust.Enter Power Ledger.
Holy fucking shit.
Do not listen to the FUDers on this one, you might actually KYS if you don't invest in this.
It's currently trading at 25-30 cents and it will go a dollar within days to a week then 10-15 dollars within 6 months.
People always make the mistake of entering when it's too late, don't be those people for once in your miserable and uneventful life... make a win for yourself.1) Powr has a partnership with Origin Energy, Australia's largest energy provider, they also service NZ and India.
This is not a rumor, it is an active partnership.
2) One of the team's founders is the deputy mayor of Perth, which is the capital of Western Australia.
She has a PHD, multiple masters from Cambridge.
Look at her linkedin- https://au.linkedin.com/in/jemmagreenThis crazy bitch is heading power ledger.
Think about that for a second, I know it's hard to image her level of accomplishment when you live in your mom's basement and subsist off hot pockets and have brain damage from too much fructose corn syrup, but she is not to be trifled with in the world of academia.
I trust her to make me a millionaire, she has a top tier academic background, finance, and public service experience all to her name.
Sergey can't even control his own weight.
Disgusting.3) Tesla will announce a partnership with Powr.
The Powr app (yes they already have a working product and support systems such as apps) are designed to work with Tesla's home battery and car charging stations... Power Ledger will be the link between Origin's framework and Tesla's home batteries.
Yes, they are still in talks, but if this goes through the price will instantly go above $10.4) They have become a government backed crypto- 'nuff said: https://medium.com/power-ledger/australian-government-awards-grant-to-8-million-project-in-the-city-of-fremantle-using-the-power-2dbadfad50aeHere are some tv reports on it:>https://youtu.be/1Vd36T44h-U?t=4m20>https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-6H4_59W1oYIn conclusion, if you do not buy this coin you're literally going to kill yourself in a month when it goes 25x.
Please, PLEASE do yourself a favor for once and don't buy shitcoins like REQ or Chainfuck.
I know you hate yourself and constantly want to sabotage your own attempts at success because daddy hits mommy but you don't have to live like that.
You can change.
You can be better.
Your life can change for the better.
I'm going to become a millionaire off this coin.
Join me.
44309159/11 shill OP, just bought 250k

You make me cry it's so beautiful 
I was massively interested in this token but ultimately I have concluded that this is another District0x or Swarm City.It is a great idea but ultimately there is ZERO point in this token.
There is no reason why the whole thing couldn't just be done using ETH instead.
It will go the same way as District0x when people realise this and that the token has literally zero investment incentive.
Totally has Enron vibes.
They tried to commoditize energy too.
Which led to Arnold becoming the freakin governator.But yeah I'm thinking this will go up.
A lot.
And if Enron is the model then it will also crash horribly
enron's logo is literally a triple topthey were asking for it
Somehow I get the feeling that OP can't be trusted.
The "partnership" wish Origin Energy is a three month trial period.
The token itself has no value currently.The token is only going to be used to reduce the cost of energy for those who buy it in the future when they have an actual excess power from communities yet to be built.Go the website and read the whitepaper.
Even with the grant that they received, they still have to build the infrastructure to produce the excess electricity that the tokens might some day be used to buy at a discount.
OP HAS ME SO FUCKING HYPED FOR POWR NOW.
I LOVED POWR BEFORE BEFORE BUT...AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
>teslasay no more
Fuck im sold.