anyone else absolutely hate crypto now?
all these fucking chink kike tactics, pajeets everywhere and p&d scams, every shitcoin is a scamcoin from the start...
I think im going to use my profits from the last couple months and start a business or something.
perhaps put some into bonds.. who knows, but im done with shitcoins except the obvious pumps.im holding some BTC though because eventually the kikes will pump it to 200k (screencap this)
>started with 50 dollars>now at 7kOh yeah man we should quit crypto
(screencap this)You are what's wrong with this board
I'm just going to do a flavor of the week type thing and just use faucets at this point.
But I'm really wondering what the next get rich quick emerging market will be.
I have a feeling I should quit while im ahead anyway.
its very easy to lose it fast if youre brainlet like me.
I almost bought BCH at 2k after selling it at it's peak.calm down its a joke, nerd
faucets
I fucking love it desu.
the fighting of nigs, kikes, chinks, exchanges, coin vs coin.. all reminds me of this scene: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ipsPgNEmAXIif you cant handle it your 100% beta maybe even a charlie male
Considering I started at $0, faucets are somewhat working considering I've made $2 or $3 total since late October with the moon faucets.
The downside is, all of the exchanging I did on coinomi whittled me down to $0.30.
"Buy when there's blood on the streets."
: some rich bastard.
>bitcointalk>biz>liqui trollbox>r eddit whatever gay board filled with faggots and upvotes>kike trickster telegrams>some slacks are decenti hate that everyone is trying to bamboozle me.
i don't have a single source that's not someone's agenda.
pajeet is everywhere and i want him to die in a fire.
fucking pajeet!
up until june people acted friendly and were genuinely helpful, now we're all crabs in a bucket.
i'm losing interest in the social aspects of crypto.
I feel you manIt's only going to get worse when normies hit the market soon (but we need them to make gains)
Cashed out my $312 today.Fuck this shit!
Did you get into BCH?
You sound like someone who gambled and now tries to blame others.There are pretty safe spots to buy.
And no, the top of a pump is not one of those spots.Before you quit forever, take a few minutes to watch this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WV1EWBp0I6MIt might change your mind.
4 months in this shit and I've finally gone negative my initial investmentThe first alt coin i bought was neo at 8$ and I some how got out of that with barely and profit I've watched my money double multiple times but i always end up losing it I did the math and if i bought just btc and nothing else i would be up more than double my investment fucking kill me lads
pajeets everywhereyou call yes
20min of pajeetsplainingit never ends.
learn to cut your profits and know when to get out you fucking faggot
I miss the old Sam Hyde.
I hodled the whole time up until a week ago and I started taking profits and then this bch shit fucked my shit up
From one guy wanting to get rich to another, I'll give you an idea, and I need feedback on it.
If you were to trade coins between 2 accounts consistently, would said action have any effect on the coin's value as a whole, or would you just lose money from transaction fees?
jesus fucking christ this is the single most autistic post i have ever seen here
Why not use your gains to kill kikes?
Would it minutely inflate the price of a coin or would it not?
If you added more to this than you lost from transaction fees, could you theoretically build up a giant bubble?
Does the value of alt coins come from people putting money into it like a business?
If so, couldn't they topple centralized currencies if enough money was put into them?
4324002Don't mind them, anon.
Also, if you don't have an account yet, you should sign up for the freebitcoin faucet.https://twitter.com/freebitcoUse 9160064 as your referral id for a weekly 25% bonus.