I am quite afraid that in 1-2 days we will see another BTC rally way over 7500$.
I already see my alts getting holocausted all over again and already think about switching to BTC EARLY this time instead of when it is too late.
I also think that the failed hostile takeover attempt was just more confidence inspiring for the average normie investor and many people managed to buy BTC at the 5500$ levels.
Big money could be interested to see the price rise again.Bow to the king?BCH cucks btfo btw.
Nobody will buy your shitty bags.
I also think that the failed hostile takeover attemptWhat are you talking about?
It didn't fail, and it happened years ago.You'll kill yourself in a couple of days you retarded fucking corecuck.
Since we all now the next BTC rally is gonna arrive sooner or later, dumping your alts now is a sound plan.
Everyone holding on to their alts is just hoping to edge out a bit more profit in the meantime.
Why?
Keep it on alts.
As soon as the pump is over your alts will get the same gains.
Doesn't make sense to trade for btc just for muh pump.Doesn't matter,
see above, fuck off BCH shill, nobody buys your heavy bags.
I hope you bought at 2000$+
Kill yourself you fucking redditor shill.
Nobody wants your rothschild shitcoin anymore.
i hope you hang yourself after btc drops down to sub $100
there's no reason for alts to dump because of btc pumping anymore, theres no fork.
people wont be chasing these btc mini pumps, if it does pump its going to be a lot more gradual.
I like your tears.
You must have lost so much money for being a retard.
Selling BTC low to buy BCH high.
Hahaha.
You bought bch at 0.4?HAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
I haven't lost a single cent, I bought in low unlike you retard, you're gonna have to panic buy lmaoI bought in at 0.05 pajeet nigger
'Pajeet nigger'>Hear the big boys insulting eachother>Wants to be a part of it>Sub 50 IQ shows
sure buddy, you're so emotional about your investments because you're that good of a trader.
le emotions!!!111!
!1!Yeah kill yourself cuckold autist
it never was at 0.05, mongoloid
I feel like talking to a 15yo autistic retard, which is even for 4chan quite rare and disappointing.
Not even worth the time to trade insults.
This is just pathetic on another level.
fucking brainletJust kill yourself then.
this is pretty bad, even for 4chan standards.
Please take a good hard look at yourself in the mirror,kek.
kill yourself corecuck
imagine being as desperate and pathetic as this guyHow much money did you lose faggot?
It sure is.
Probably the most pathetic and sad guy I've seen for months on 4chan.
It almost physically hurts to see such human existences.
DAD STAAAAHP
anon it's okay, you don't have to try so hard to fit in
Does anybody think investing long term, i.e.
10 to 15 years, in a single Bitcoin is a bad idea?
At its current value it's about a third of my savings.I was reluctant when it was a few dollars, I was reluctant when it was over $100, I was reluctant when it was $1000+ and I'm still reluctant but this thing just keeps going up.Are there any announcements or issues expected in the next few days that could cause a drop in its value giving me an opportunity to buy in?
some people are more concerned about their BTC holdings than the USD value of their shitcoinsnevermind that they never recovered entirely from the last crash
Well, that is the point.
It very often just dries up a could-be pump in the process when BTC rallies again.
Some alts just never recover, especially some older alts when they lose hype and attention due to it.
Look at DGB, Siacoin, ICN, Bitshares and how hard it is for them to recover.
If you had serious money in those you can forgot about it for years.
Yes.
437482343749004375005Get a load of this guy!
HAHAHAHHHAHHAHAHHHAHAH.
BitchTrash scum on suicide watch.
Which one of you fat finger autists bough a bunch of btc for 200k+ euros?
Is there an alternative to https://fork.lolIt's down and BTC's mempool is piling up fast.
I wanna watch every detail of BTC's death.
BTC continues to go up since 2 days>BCC keeps bleeding dry since 2 days>"BTC DYING"Is this some cognitive disorder?
The levels of delusions of the average BCH bagholder are just not fathomable.This outshines pretty much every other bagholder, and we've seen a lot of delusions lately.
Bitcoin moons, retards sit and watch while their alts burn to the ground.
This shit is too funny.
The retard level can be explained by their heavy bags.
Same thing happened to Chainlink and Chaincoin bag holders.
"The price is just being suppressed, buy more, buy more."
Fuck those BCH bags
Now broken $7000, fuck my arse, why did i ever buy any BCH.Fucking gooks started buying first thing and its just one way traffic.$8k ahead.
oh for fucks sake can bitcoin stop for just one second so my shitcoins can do their thingalready noticeable trend reversal from the current slow /non-spiked bitcoin pump, probably going right back down in the drains within the day.
Yea, probably it'll drop after it's hit 10k and raped your shitcoin in the ass.
Sell now and buy BTC you retarded fag.
I actually lie to buy the coins that are doing well despite BTC pump, because it shows they are not too correlated.IOTA is up 13%, for example.
Put whole life in made in china bag, however absurd it sounds i would want it to suceed too
It's a normal response to crisis
ofc you would want it to succeed if money was to be made from it
you were manipulated, lucky for you it seems you woke up
So, was I right or was I right?
Luckily I am 75% in BTC.
Yes it was retard
Not understanding that commit access is highly controlled because it represents a serious security vulnerability.>Jeff Garzick was hacked>Gavin hadn't contributed in months and was basically a useless security hole.>Forgetting that the reason Satoshi disappeared was because Gavin went to meet the CIA
Now BTC will have its final pumps to 8k+ before the biggest red candle in the history of BTC
oshit its about to dip SELL SELL SELL SELLL
It was.I got in at 0.08 and completely out at 0.4
BCH will take a second shot at the king before that happensProbably coordinated with the supposed 2x fork that may happen on friday
Spend millions of dollars to pump and shill your shitcoin up>Barely any resistance, already sure of victory>Enemy EMPs your chosen exchange out of commission and drops a 30 million dollar tactical sell nuke on your coin>A red candle the likes of which no one has seen since mt gox>Thousands of bagholders created>Confidence in the flippening forever shakenIt's over, kid.
Move on.
So many bagholders and people who literally lost thousands of dollars.
The momentum and belief is just lost.
Of course they will try to get rid of their bags as soon as possible to break even.
You just can't fuck it up if you want to succeed, there won't be another chance in the next months.
Maybe try again August 2018.
invest what you can responsibly invest.
If you have like 20k, drop like 2k on bitcoin and look for other investment opportunities with the rest
no futures are in december.
it's only going up
2k on coinby 2018 that will be the transaction fee
If you’ve been “reluctant” since sub-$1k and still wondering if you want to invest or not, you probably don’t have the balls to do it so I know you won’t anyway.
Don’t bother.
Pajeet nigger> Sand nigger niggerAhahahahahahahahahahahahahahahhaYou're a fucking retard.
Sub 80 IQ definitely.
Please go kys.
Cant rally with 91000 unconfirmed txs
yeah man, youre a huge faggot

Look at this dudeOH NO NO NO NO NO*inhales*AAAAAAAAAAAAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHA