its over
no
Topkek
LOL
welp
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
can you guys CUT IT OUT I just entered an ETH position ffs
Reminder: This is Vitalik's friend.
This point might as well die on that hill commie skum
Congrats on this.
Seriously.
The absolute fucking madman, STOP TWEETING!
TAKE HIS PHONE AWAY LIKE TRUMP'S SECRETARIES DO!
Yet the price will soar and ETH will be no.
1 in weeks
Ok this MUST be fake
This shit csn’t be real oh my fucking godWHATTHEFUCKAREYOU DOINGVITALIK?
He has lost the plot.
at least in bitcoin, there are no criminals or pedophiles
The other ones are real but no way would he be stupid enough to post this.
Link, OP.
and this is why bitcoin will never die, it doesnt have a visible creator making stupid tweets that will scare normies away (i dont give a fuck about what people fap to, its just pixels on a screen, but this is obviously a retarded tweet to make)
Link or fake
Vitalik liek CP
LOL anon typed that out yourself for keks and aren't you afraid of the swat team visiting you in t-minus 15 minutes?
>dat backpedal
LOL what the fuck did he actually say?
sage this thread, mETH head just posted this https://archive.is/Ek46A
He said cp is okay in some weird context.
He dun goofed hard
lol
supports cp>supports big blocksWe aren't the kikes right?
Do they think it is a virtuous act to stand up for pedophilia?
I don't understand it.
no he didnt you stupid shit
...for BTC, yes, it is over.
Slavs are the new jews
4353020well at least we know why he likes southeast asia so much
The problem is he's an intellectual and all the normies are interpretting what he said with their dumb normie brains.
He is a futurist who sees the computer as an extension of his on "brain IP" and is saying just like there is nothing anyone could do about a person having mental images of child porn in their head, there is nothing anyone should be able to do able having an electronic version on a computer.But shit man, Vitalink you are 50 years too early.
The act of photographing child porn is still fuckked up though, and participating in the fact by hodling the images is messed up.
shoo shoo coreblue
which is completely wrong, because obtaining CP creates demand for CP, increases the supply of CP
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v21FeQX32a8&t=1360sskip to 6.50
what a retarded argument, holy shit vitalik is a dumbfuck
ITS SATIRE OF THIS POST WHY DON'T YOU GUYS GET IT
based humble dynamite salesman
bcash cucks are unironically retarded unfortunately.
kek dont pretend you knew what you were posting corecuck