Or is Europe totally fucked so there is no point in putting money in there?I'm also afraid of leftist government who are against property rights.
In what would you invest?
what kind of property are you thinking of buying ?
houses ?
apartaments ?
According to your map; obviously Iceland, OP
Ukraine
this
Perfect map.
It is showing the the Future.
The white race is getting purged.
And only the elite are surviving on the lonely Island.
If you have crypto, stay the fuck out of Finland.
40% taxes on investment income.
+shit ton of sand niggers and real niggers getting all the tax money, like 99% of europe.Just stay the fuck out of Europe and youll be golden.
OK maybe Poland is decent with cheap beer and all
apartments for other people and a house for myselfBut in Germany there are people who have bought flats for 60000 Euros decades ago and now they can't resell them because the town went to shit and they get 8000 Euro if they finally get it sold.The problem with property is, the location matters the most and you can't take it with you.
Recommendation:Developing, EU-based, Eastern European countries.
They usually have low costs of land and properties are significantly cheaper than the west.
>Reasoning:Thanks to the previously mentioned, you can get more bang for your buck, while having access to most modern services/commodities.
Income & property taxes are usually low (ex.
Bulgaria has 10% income tax).
Labor is cheap, living costs are low (as long as you have an external source of income).
Developing, EU-based, Eastern European countries.
They usually have low costs of land and properties are significantly cheaper than the west.And their citizens are fleeing.
Baltic countries, Bulgaria, Litavia, they all lose population
only 25% profit tax in Norway.
any better or worse in other countries?
Poland's so great there are millions of poles shitting up the rest of europe
And their citizens are fleeing.
Baltic countries, Bulgaria, Litavia, they all lose populationResiding population is declining, but that is due to the economy of the countries in question.
There are a lot of rich people and poor people, with a very weak middle-class (at least in south-eastern countries).
People emigrate to earn money, from which a majority send back and invest into the countries.
The biggest investors in these countries are the very same people who have left them.
There is also an increase trend in Western Europeans buying properties and further investing in Eastern European countries via businesses and so on.
There is a market here in EE, but as always, it comes down to when you are buying, where you are buying and doing research into the purchasing statistics of cities and neighborhoods.
Sines, Portugal
Poland.
I visited my family there after 6 years of not being there and it has quickly brought itself up from a 3rd world shithole to something moderately impressive.
The infastructure and public transportation is lightyears ahead of what we have in NYC.
And the exchange rate makes cost of living about 4-5x cheaper than here in America.
You could easily retire on 500k USD.
Beautiful mountain towns that I love too, google Zakopane
Portugal
this