How should I explain crypto to my grandfather, he's not very tech savvy, he's been a car mechanic and carpenter for most of his life.
Just another fiat currency, one that's much more volatile due to its low adoption
https://youtu.be/PbB0sVGjYJoSome key points of btc in layman's terms
I explained to my parents like this:In regular finance, if you want to transfer some money from your account to my account, you have to go through a bank.
So you're trusting the MASSIVE bank infrastructure and hundreds of their employees to do that work.
You're giving that job to them and you trust them to do it well.
But the issue is, a bank is a centralized entity.
All of our money is in the hand of just one entity.
Bitcoin is a solution to that.
Bitcoin is decentralized.
It works thanks to something called the BLOCKCHAIN, which is basically just a giant ledger, a giant notebook, on the Internet where EVERY transaction is written and every coin is accounted for.
With the blockchain, instead of the bank and its employees doing all that work, WE ALL CAM DO THE WORK.
So everyone can witness and regulate what's going on.
The people that do it the most are called MINERS.
They use their computers to basically be bank tellers, and for that work they get a small fraction of each transaction.
That way everything is organized and transparent and VERY safe.
The downsides are that there's no one to bail you out if you lose the money.
If a normal bank fails, you can generally count on the government to pay you back.
Here the money is lost forever.
So it's up to you to be responsible for your own financial safety and security.
high volatility means high potential for gains
It's like physical gold in that: it is mined into existence and is more scarce as time goes on.
It is not printed out like fiat is.
A public ledger means it is impossible to duplicate or forge, and the decentralized nature of most cryptos means your money cannot be taken by a banking or financial institution.But unlike physical gold, it does not need to be stored physically, can be sent across any distance.
It is better than fiat money in that the money is sent and received almost instantly.
remember when retarded kids used to trade baseball cards for thousands of dollars for something worth literally nothing
Yeah it's high risk, high reward.
And high loss for just as many
except that the most trusted members can forge the ledger when they come into accordance, its only a matter of time till coercion and corruption takes place.
correct