Sold my NEO, POWR and LSK over last week.
Now sitting on a monumental pile of BTC and do not want.
Hedging in ETH or XMR is possible, but I'm considering throwing it all at BCH.
/biz/, shill me hard.
Give me the convincing evidence to pull this shit.
God help me.
Why?
I'm tempted to put all my BTC into BTH for the weekend 'flippening' but I feel like since everyone expects this to happen it won't.
My thoughts too.
Feels like its almost too predictable in a way.
it's gonna happen
Ok the interviewer is lame as fuck but Macafee is very real https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MAGENFUW37oAt one point I think he suggest Satoshi himself made BCH.
He says who do you think made BCH, just some Asian company?
No, it was the man himself.
Nice.
That's a tidy lil chart.
Thanks friend
thus fucking chink holy fuck
WTF is this LMAO.Can you sum up his points?
Does he actually support BTH?
POWRRRRRRR ALL THE WAYYYYY
Thanks brother.
I'll give it a gander.
Damn hard to watch tho hahaha
"You're looking very healthy today John"
every time i think something is too predictable it happens.
lost 60% of my BTC that way.
Hmm... thanks mate.
All the best, God bless
Miners will mine what is more profitable.
It's as simple as that and if BTC difficulty is locked very high in an attack and mining power is aimed at BCH for it's profitability people will switch over.
If this happens over and over and over, who can ever win in the long run.
I feel like John is just fucking with this guy haha.
So cringe worthy.
are you stupid?BCH difficulty will go up super fast if all the miners go to mine it, making it unprofitable within hours
Are you stupid?
The difficulty of BCH won't go up super fast, BCH has no more emergency difficulty adjustments anymore, it got hard forked out like a week ago
I hope you're not serious.
Powr is going to hit 1 billion market cap within a week or two.
It's the most surefire 4x in crypto right now, and it will DEFINITELY keep going up after, possibly another 5x in time.Think about it, fucking shitcoin no working product Omisego partners with Thailand Mcdonalds and has an 800M marketcap for no fucking reasonHave you seen who Powr is already partnered with?
twitter.com/lambolydia
That's exactly what I thought.
They hardforked a while ago, didn't they.It removes the EDA if I understand it correctly.
Now if all the miners jump on to it.
It'll increase its difficulty slowly and steadily, unlike the early time.Tell me if I understood it right?
Bump would like to know
too late now OP
4502391it retargets every fucking block nowlearn what you're talking about before you speak please.OF COURSE it will retarget SUPER FAST
You sold your POWR!?
O bro, I went all in on POWR and now am sitting comfy af 60/40 POWR / ETH.
Come back to POWR.
MFW
Considering it :(
Don't put in for the short term.
Unlikely the flippening happens so suddenly.
You'll see little bursts and bumps in price and volume.
But it's not going to be until exchanges fully support Bitcoin Cash that you'll have the possibility of a flip.
If you put in now it's a 6 month play, not a 6 day play.
If for the flippening at large, sure.
I personally don't expect BCH to ever dethrone BTC.
But if BTC goes on to correct (it's likely), BCH will also likely experience another huge pump.
Good short term play IMO.
Atleast thats my thinking
so it won't rise any further, noted