Someone tell me where the fuck I should put my BTC during this dip/crash or whatever the fuck is going onAnd don't tell me BCH.
I already have half in NEO and I need somewhere else to put this.
what do?
LTC and POWR
BCH
BCH is the only safe coin.Or eth maybe.
Tks, sys, tkn, fct, storj, astro, rlc, eth, qwark
Ark$10 by January
BCH?
lmao ones going up ones going down...
I know it's a really hard decision....
everything except bch will go down when the flippening happens, it's the only option
Nothing.
BTC is swinging back.
It will be about $7700 in a couple hours.
Don't know what will happen after that though.
Ethereum if you want to be safe.Whatever you do, never touch tether.
go all in on blockmason, 10m market cap with an actual platform out and applications developed
until and if bch shows more stability i will be trading between bch and bch.
if you don't want bch (stay poor) go xrpxrp is never going below .21c again
nuls and wtc you retard like we've always been saying
4421853I'm not touching BCH with a 10 foot pole, faggots
XMR you scrub
Enjoy not making the easiest money you could make.
The faster you enter the better
into the trash
stay poor, It's safe for you.
vertcoin
Easy, all in NEO for imminent moon.
You fool!
Buy metaverse (ETP)!
NEO is for sure going down, it already pumped a bunch
Get in BCH LONG dudeIT CAME OUT 3 MONTHS AGO IT ALREADY PASSED ETHEREUM TO GET #2 AND SURPASSED BTC IN VOLUME IN THAT SHORT AMOUNT OF TIME.
LTC, its literally the safest, fastest, cheapest shit.
BCH or just spend the remaining BTC on a rope
I'm unironically thinking about moving some funds into Ark, if nothing else the fact that it's shilled to autists all day has to promise returns right.
It's overbought, let it cooldown first
NEO pump is only beginning anon, three days to go, will go even further if the announcement is good enough, and it might just be.
You're right though, will correct a bit before next stage, I say use BCH fomo as opportunity for an even lower entry point.
Your so greedy its barely crashed.
You'll never make money.
All into Link.
Single best investment of my life
MODit has been stable this entire shitfest