Looks like pump is back on the menu boys, get in, next stop .34
who else sitting comfy in tethereum?
i hope so man.
ive been so rekt since buying at .2906 my qt japanese girlfriend keeps saying どうして and patting my back
WAKE ME UPwake me up insideI CAN'T WAKE UP
money skeleton endorsed BCC, better get in quick before we get to .5
what a fucking idiot
Sarcasm
Why is it slowly creeping up?
a jew celebrate centralisation and destruction of the bankkillerWow what a surprise who could have thought this is incredible.
If you reach your buy in sell and get out.
Only a fool would buy in on this right now.
cause btc dipped below 6k again
oh thanks bro anon
What if I bought at 400 though?
Korea and China are pumping hard according to my asian friend, get in here
I missed the out last time.
Someone help on how to do this?
Drowning in student debt and this is hail mary.
It'll be at your buy in soon enough

Bithumb is back up again and the volume is incredible, the BCH pump is at it again like nothing happened.
When/how to exit?
They are breaking bitcoin.
Lets do this brahs
BCH is centralized?
And retards are actually supporting this meme-coin?
Why is the crypto-community so gay?
back to .2 so I can rebuy
kys corekike
YEZZZZZ SIRRRRRR
WHO GIVES A FUCK.crypto is a fucking joke at this point, the bch supporters are fucking retarded, nobody gives a shit about the tech or read whitepapers.
I used to support the tech, but now I'm in bch waiting for the pump.Crypto won't recover from this bs and the retarded moon kids.
I can't just sit on the sidelines supporting the tech and decentralization.
just hodl.
3k here we come
we need that piece of shit btc to dip further so bcc moons again
it had it's peak, it's going back to 2k now boys
back to you being a dumbass for not holding thru the shitstorm you fucking pussy bitch boy
tfw still have 490 bch left over from the fork.
Already sold 500ish.
tiddy little profit.
should i /biz/?
decided to sell slowly so it doesnt crash cause of me
nobody gives a shit about the tech or read whitepapersleast of all corecucks who want to abandon it
it literally has more volume than btc now, dont worry about thatdont sell you bch tho lmao
4319854pump bcc you faggot
ill wait and see.
I'm not unloading all at once.
BTC is staying above 6k, BCH isn't going to moon soon, prepare for it to fall down again
I rode my portfolio from 85k to 135k to 95k then got out with 130k.
Fuck, what a night.
jeez, what did you do?
money skelly says: "congratulations on your number being bigger than my number">OMG VITALIK ENDORSEMENT CONFIRMED, BTC IS KILL, SWIFT PARTNERSHIP NEXT!
AMAZON PAYMENT COMING SOONFor fucksake /biz/ is a creative writing class for autists
Was buying and selling bch over and over and I got up to 21 btc sold at .425 then stupidly rebought .3, rode down to .18 but held and sold at .295.Thanks biz all the threads saying bcc was dead convinced me to hold through the blood
It's slowly dying.
Yeah I'm out now
166k transaction waiting to be confirmed on the btc blockchain.
Most of that money is going to flow into the exchanges.
A lot of people who have held btc for a longer time, are going to take their profits.
Money will flow out of btc faster than it flows back in.
Be warned.
Bitcoin will go down for a correction.
And a lot of money will leave crypto for a while, the majority of the coins are going down together with bitcoin.People say btc is clogged with spam.
If they had taken a look at blockchain.info they would see that that's not true.
There are a lot of big money transactions waiting to be confirmed.
Definitely no spam.
i dumped it the last time it got to .5made money exit all scammer markets
MBBLOCKSIZEKill your kys literal kike
Bought @ €420 still hodling
Everyone here is so serious and all I am wondering about is why Vitalik is starting to look more like an alien as the months go by.
Check recent videos.
His skin is turning pale to gray and he is thinning.
bitcoin judas needs to diefake satoshi needs to dieexit all scammer marketshttps://blockchair.com/bitcoin-cash/block/503738ave btrash fee is $40 nowel oh el scales well man
Hardcore nootropic and amphetamine abuse most likely.
Liver failing
you want fuck, fuck your mother
Soon i hope, one less jew trying to destroy the destruction of jews is always a good thing.
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHH HUGE PUMP GOING ALERT 4K ULTRA HD