Buy low and hodl.
The famous line I see posted all over here.
Fundamentals.
Bla bla.
Kind of hard to buy low when the floor sinks faster than quicksand.
my thoughts exactly
but if it sinks lower, it just shows you bought high
but what's a sure sign you bought the lowest low?
it goes up after you buy it and doesnt go back down
You hear the voice of God in your head.
It tells you "you bought the lowest low".
I worded that poorly lolI try to use my indicators and shit but... it doesn't seem to help much.
All trading advice is useless and based off hindsight.
If you sold too early and the price keeps going up, you were "impatient!
never be impatient!"
and are supposed to "let your profits run!
always let your profits run!".
If you sold too late and the price went down you were "greedy!
never be greedy!"
and didn't "take profits!
always take profits!".
If something is going up and you buy it and then the price nose dives, you "FOMO'd!
Never FOMO!".
If it keeps going up, you made a wise decision because "The trend is your friend!
Always trade with the trend!".
If something is falling and you buy it, then it reverses.
"You bought the dip!
Always buy the dip!".
If it keeps falling "You caught the falling knife!
Never catch a falling knife!"
Honestly the best way is to buy a lot of something with a small marketcap and then get involved with making it better, if you have any technical or graphical or marketing or webdev skills.
Only way I've ever made money consistently.
But most people just want to buy and then harass the devs to make them rich asap.
I put a fly into a box with no window and ask you, which quadrant of the box is the fly in?
You have no idea.
You have no way of knowing.
You know the fly is either walking or flying.
You know how long the fly has been in the box.
You know it's there, and that it has to do one or the other.
What sort of indicators can you use to determine something that is completely due to the average of a crowd, when spikes to use as indicators come from the whims of an individual in a complex system?The fly was in the air in the first quadrant.
A minute later I ask you where it is again.
All you know is where it was before.
Maybe you can answer me, and you have a slightly better chance, but it could land any time and your choice is only slightly better than chance.
The fly could stop because it's tired, but you didn't know, so you were playing a losing game.Now I kick the box a few times.
Now guess what quadrant the fly is in.
You might not get it exactly, but you know that something happened to agitate it, so you have a way better chance of getting it right with your outsider information.This is almost exactly the same as trading crypto.
You place bets on boxes that more people are kicking and bet on the top.
You know that if a box got kicked a shitton, that fly is probably going to need to rest for a while.
this.
I hate this, everything is contradictory
4403225Nice to see some legit wisdom in a /biz/ thread.
Yeah, who could believe that you need to know a bit of trading to just... trade?The thing is, you need to have some understaining of the market.... when some coin go low or high you need to inform yourself why, try to see if it is just a bubble, if its fomo... and then act accordially.If you just buy low and dont have any idea why then you are at dark.
This is trueThat's why Ark has a healthy market cap and potential, the community is good
nigger did you just come up with this?
i hope not, because if you did i'm a fucking brainlet, and i'm pretty smart mind you