My first 100k.
Just need to do this 10 more times to make a million
you need a decade.
not challenging portfolio
Purchase more ark, might need to sell your bitcoin or litcoin for it.
good luck anon I hope you'll make it.
All in FCT please.
K thanks.
Congrats dude
congrats on this, serioulsy
lmao
Pls, send 1 Ark so i can start my Ark-EmpireAHhCimXH9bUjPJmcBHqwtsB58Xms6pzxtQ
it's another blockfolio screencap from a LARPer>an app where you set the amount of crypto you supposedly own>"LAMBO Xd 200 IQ TRAYDER brainlets PAJEET BTFO!!!1!
"Fuck this board
Congrats anon.
How long did it take you?
Congrats.
I hope to be there soon.
How did you do it?
EBET my man
4396903Bought $3k worth of Bitcoin in 2014 and $300 into litecoin.
Then put $2.5k into Ark this summer when I became aware of crypto again due to the eth pump.
Also sold my free BCH a few days ago during the pump.
My first 100k.
Just need to do this 10 more times to make a millionThen you get raped for 20%+ by Mr. Taxman.
Including local and state taxes you'll have about $600k after.lmfao at burgers' LIVES>be American>pay taxes>get shot
Very nice!
Well done.
I used to have 100k now it’s 45k :(
oh you.
i'm sure the irs will let you keep it.
proud of u anon :)
something tells me you have had that ebet since ico
ImpressiveVery nice.
well done OP too late for ark?
i sold mine for a 60% loss fuck that shitcoin.
only if we cash out in America - we can always move to Switzerland for a year >.>
Can you go all in on Trig?
Ark $5 EOY.
Not too late.
It takes at least 5 years to be a swiss citizen.
Let’s see Paul Allen’s blockfolio
Deluded
600kThat's if you live in niggerized states like California and New York.
Down here in Florida we have no state income tax.
Go all in on ARK dummy.
Florida>not BLACKED and SPICEDwhat a shithole state lol
Quick questionHave you ever once reported your gains to the IRS?
I've made about 15k and want to know if I actually need to report all of these trades I'm making.
Actually you only need to do it 9 more times.
I'm operating under the assumption that you need only pay tax on gains realized if/when you sell back into USD.
Basically, track all the USD that you put into crypto (track your basis as if everything is in BTC), and then track the money coming back out into USD (again tracking basis in BTC regardless of other tokens/trades).
He is right though, there is no state income tax, just federal.Is that how it works?
Makes sense since you don't make any true profit until the moment you sell.
I'm wondering too since I'm thinking of investing.
This spooks me.
How the fuck do I pay tax on this if I make over 100k from a 10k investment
I just looked it up, apparently you'll be paying a capital gains tax, how much you pay depends on what your tax bracket is.https://blockonomi.com/cryptocurrency-taxes/
>paying taxes
I'm moving to a richfag haven if I make it
>bitcoin cash
Now go all in on BCH and you'll be set.
Hi Uncle Chang, you are not posting with your trip.Cool larping