Sub 1k BCH!
I can't wait to see the denial threads!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k36sIRRdFSUBCash holders BTFO> Hurr durr the flippeningAaahahahaha
wow another desperate core shill not realizing BCH will take their spot.Your days are numbered corecuck, bitcoin will be worthless by the end of this year lol
tfw sold all of his BTC for BCH
AaaahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaStage 3 detected
sun wojak, solarcoin pbc confirmed
Face it coreboy, you're in the denial stage.bitcoin CASH has performed better than bitcoin.
Not will, it already has and still has.Yet the average coreshitter seems to think it's crashed, this is a minor correction
kek
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAH IMAGINE BEING THIS DELUSIONAL
Why?
How?
At least make some effort.
You see that LOOOOONNGG bleed on that chart?
That is what you have to look forward to.
Be honest, you said this last time.COPE
Some other coins that outperformed BTC hard in the last days:- FUNCoin- SuperCoin- Halloween Coin- Primalbase Token- CasinoCoin- DentacoiThey are all going to flip BTC soon as well, surely?Bahahahaha
And will say it next time too.
nigga just wait until BTC difficult adjustmentthen miners go to BCH and BTC cant find a block no more
Crashes to 200It's overCrashes to 900It's overCrashes to 2000It's overThis is you
People who bought in above $600 are deluded children hedging their bets on another Korean pump and dump.If you only took notice of BCH after the recent p&d you are gonna lose money.
>tfw did absolutely nothing and just continued to hold my alts>they of course go to shit because alts go to shit when bigcoins do anythingonly need to double my portfolio to be profitable again
j-j-just whales accumulating h-haha ver will save us...... i definitely didnt waste my money u will all see
show me the volumes on those coins so i can laugh.
C-core cuckd
The delusion in bch communities is real.
Instead of being rational and holding both btc and bch they went all in on bch because fuck the man am i rite?
Why do people treat financial instruments like fucking sports teams?
Fuck the man is a powerful instinct it seems
you stupid idiotfucking retardholy shitas soon as a bunch of miners go to BCH, its difficulty will adjust to make it higher to mine, then make it less profitable againholy shir you're so stupid.mother of god, someone kill this guy
Why do people treat financial instruments like fucking sports teams?Because they are based mostly on speculation.
*unsheathes katana*
LMAO WE ARE MOONINGCHECK BITFINEXGET FUCKED, CORE KEKS
XD you people actually think you are going to kill Bitcoin
IT WAS OUR TURN REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
I sold the Bitcoin I bought at $7500 for Bitcoin cash at $2200.
Why did you guys say there would be a flippening?
but.. look at me, I'm so beautiful
This is a parody.
Right?
SOON
Not necessarily, if BCH pumps hard enough it could offset the difficulty adjustment to remain more profitable.
I realized losses not too long ago, that was painful.
But I'm rebuilding a stronger portfolio with Bitcoin, xmr, Eth and only a few alts like ODN and I'm about to throw an entire ETH at link because the project does seem interesting.
HAHAHHAA FUCK YOU CHINKS YOU THOUGHT YOU HAD A SHOT TO TAKE OVER BTC AHAHAHAHAHA
I can't tell if this shit is trolling anymore
daily reminder BCH new DAA doesn't adjust down as efficiently, meaning if it pumps and dumps, it stays unprofitable.
Sure.
If it pumps and stabilizes it's a different story though.
Does it look like BCH is stabilizing right now?
Yes.
Unlikely if they rely on fake pumps.
No.