This is the first token I accumulated 100k of.Can't wait for this to grow
Same.
Sold at .055 after ICO bust and BitCoin rush, rebought in at .036.
Feels good right now brother.
I'm in with you, only 20k though.
Sold half my stack at a 5% loss after ICO to cut losses
Just added another 30k tokens this morning around 950 to give me an even 100k.
Moved them to MEW for the long haul.
Will look at selling half at 50 cents.
I'm selling some shares in May next year.
Not looking to just flip this over.
Too much potential.
Also put everything on MEW for the long run.
Down 80% kek what was ico?
Like 20 cents?
ico was around 6.5 cents
ICO was 6 cents
It can only go up
trufax.
This is a shitcoin.
Don’t listen to larpers.
Then why does it show down 80% on bloclfolio
Blockfolio is not accurate 95% of the time.
My 100k req are safely locked away on parity
Rip
buy EDO instead u idiot
We're up in terms of ETH.
ICO price was 0.0002, price now is 0.0002127
Wasn't there some sort of news coming out today?
bought 22k at 1k sat, will i make it?
4274109WHat the fuck is MEW and why are you tards shilling it?
Tomorrow
never heard of mew the pokemon, retarded?
Overrated.
Had no replay protection, so anyone with the original red/blue could make as many as they wanted.
But tomorrow is already today in Australia, so it's going to be yet another day
myetherwallet
why do you biztards always buy where the reistance is at, its obvious it'll pull back from 1k sats man...
should i now sell low, at wait for another dip?
You put yourself in a tough spot man, quite amazing how it help above 900 sats, I think once the buying pressure goes, it'll go around 700-800 sats.
This is what I think though, I predicted many other coins resistance and pull back levels with great success, but I doubt myself time to time because I listen to dumb biztards that keep saying it'll go high.
Ok so after doing some of my research on this coin I can't believe it.
Biz actually shilling a coin that potential?
dafug?>strong team with previous product.
moneytis.com>team pass the tough ycombinator screening process>price still close to ICO price at around 0.06 cents>small market cap at $41 million.>actually use for the tokens as payment processing fees>decrease supply of tokens with burningREQ can be easily be the next OMG which is currently like $800 million market cap.
I only have 2k
8.5kg here.
hey guys insider here.
the update will be BIG.
just saying.
cap this if you want but you heard it here first.
do not fail to deliver this.
Show us your REQ wallet.
How long until they release another update?
Friday is news day for them.
They are releasing the update tonight.
I would expect it to be big.
This accumulation we have seen over the last couple of days will be based on insider knowledge/anticipation.
Close to 410k plus comfy here
Do you have a time for the announcement?
It should be about 7am est based on previous updates.
Is there a good article explaining what this service exactly is?
From what i have gathered it is a payment service backed by the etherium blockchain?
Does this mean that if ehterium goes up this goes up?
Whee can i buy it and why should i buy it, any information is helpful, thanks guys,
FUCK IM COMFYwe're gonna make it
They've said that they don't need ethereum; they'll find another way to do it if they have to
they are currency agnostic and eventually will be platform agnostic
They are developing accounting software for crypto.
This shit will be huuuuuuuuge.
Why is it so appealing to everyone here compared to other options?
Request Network is a decentralized platform that allows anyone to request peer-to-peer payments.
Its goal is to replace payment systems such as PayPal and make the most advanced payment terms available to everyone.There are many use cases for Request Network:1.
Online payment:a) Online shopping currently requires payment by credit/debit card, thereby exposing sensitive information.b) With Request, the user’s data remain protected.
c) There are no third parties involved, so the merchant fees can be lowered.2.
B2B invoicing:a) Many invoices between companies are still being sent in paper and email format and have to be manually copied.b) With Request, companies can share these bills directly via the ledger; there will be no more duplication, as accounting systems will be immediately plugged in and updated.3.
Automation of jobsa) Accounting – the ledgers of Request automates the accounting process as things such as payments and VAT refunds are done and recorded automatically.b) Audit – the use of blockchain for accounting is an opportunity to simplify compliance.4.
Simplification of commercial toolsa) Request will allow easy access to tools like escrow or factoring for businesses and individuals.b) Users can choose to pay only upon delivery of a product or service, for example, or to secure the deposit of an apartment on escrow, rather than crediting the account of the landlord.
Wow, that sounds amazing!
That is great, News will be BIIIG!!!!
How much token burn?
Because there is alot
I think REQ has good potential, but I missed out on today's bump.
The coin has a relatively low market cap so I think it will grow.should I buy now that it has stabilized?
It's just over ICO price right now.
just went all in bought 40k
$1 when?
Rumor about bittrex listing and token is true?
*Rumors about bittrex listing and token burn are true?
for every transaction over request network a transaction fee is generated.
this fee is split - part of it is burned and the other part pays the developer of the extension used to incentivize development of request platform.
details in tomorrow's AMA about how they will integrate staking and burning together.
tfw only 2.5k REQ despite hearing about it early.>tfw only 15k CFDShould I sell my 15k CFD to get 150k REQ?
yep.
or you can wait and miss the news tmrw morning
It's the safer choice to do so.
It's difficult to know how much cfd is going to pump short term and REQ is pumping, and probably will not be a loss/dump from this point of buy-in.
Why are you all so hyped about the news?
People usually dump after a news release.
cant dump if it hasnt really pumped.
Because these are consistent dev updates, not pump news.
I think the optimism is because REQ just recently experienced its first resurgence since the ICO dump.
The thinking is anyone buying now is interested for the long haul and it's only right around ICO levels now anyway.
It's a decent project.
Not sure it'll ever see mass adoption but who knows.
Payment gateway stuff is one of the few things that actually seem to have real use cases in crypto.
My thoughts exactly.
Hasn't mooned yet and it has to to.
Right?
Holy fuckAlright going all in