Im looking for a Competent mentor.
Preferably somebody that has extensive experience day trading, confident they can teach.I have 300 USD set away to do this.I will follow your directions if they make sense to me, i am willing to work out percentages if i make gains.If you are interested in helping me, type a way for us to contact in your reply, i have Skype, Discord, and many other means of communication.
you're gonna get shilled into going all-in on some binance shitcoin
Buy LTC now, we are in a dip.
Ill give you a free tip - put all 300 into BQX, I've already done the research for you, also you'll notice while Legit sources say BQX is the next BTC with it's abilities nobody here shills it.
Lets get rich together, and HOLD for 2 years.
Post an e-mail so I can contact you.
fallout3lover3@aol.comI am kinda hesitant to spend the 300 so no bullshit please.
is this a joke?just invest the 300 into a top ten coin, numbnuts, top 50 if you're balsy
im a fucking neet from a poor family, cut me some slack.
dumby, that's like negative $300 on investment
i just wanna prove to my parents that i'm not a loser for once, the look on their face would be priceless.
Thinking about it.
4407367Jesus christ I give you a free tip, look up the guy who posted this, look up the story of the 10,000 BTC for a Pizza, now put two and two together, research BQX, it's the next big thing, your 300 will be 30,000 in 2 years.
if they make sense to meIt probably won't make sense to you.
Just do whatever he says if you trust him.
Buy Bitcoin next time the price corrects.
Anything else is unnecessary.
I figured it wouldn't be worth to buy bitcoin with only 300 bucks, but i will look into it.
i figure when i get some more money i will invest in that as well, but i need money now, thus why i said day trading.
don't pay.
read and learn.
Don't folow youtubers.
they shill shitcoins they bought earlierStick to projects with solid team and roadmap
I've also been curious about this, but I think the best thing you can do is read and learn by yourself, what's comfortable for you.
ETH was the long-standing day traded coin, from what I understand, and may still be in 2018, for all we know so far.
The point is to catch lows and highs of the day.
gaining little, and compounding.
Easier said than done, but I don't think you need someone else's opinion on the matter, and it may only lead to hard feelings.
DYOR, and adjust comfort levels, and put it all on yourself.
You'll feel much better in the end, I think.
My 2 LTC.
I want someone with extensive experience, a wealthy competent mentor>I'm willing to trade with $300 USDAnon...
What's wrong with gods helping plebs?
i can't just ask for money.
Unless you want to donate :)