>mfw I'm in an econ 101 class and the professor says Bitcoin is not a store of value so it's not a currency.
Then he mentions the tulip bubble and says "at least you can give tulips to a girl after they're worthless, you can't do that for Bitcoin "Congrats on this (((Jews))).
Seriously.
Tulip Mania didn't actually happen
your teacher is mad smart bro
Yes, it did, and like op says, atleast it's tangible
OP's teacher is a salty no coiner that didnt get in on time for the moon launch lmao
Gotta love that jewish propaganda.
Can't have us using currency printed by the (((banks)))
feel free to sell your bitcoin for something tangible then.
No one is forcing you not to sell
If your (((economics professor))) was smart he's be a cypto billionaire>unsheathes my katana
Now our professor is talking about how Bitcoin will crash and go to zero because it's, and I quote>It's just 1s and 0s on a computer.
What if somebody copies those 1s and 0s?
Like how you copy a file.
Bitcoin is worthless>the whole class laughs.
I see some people nodding and agreeing with our professor
thank godwe still have time to /makeit/ then
Tulip mania happened, but it was mostly contained within the scope of dutch horticulture enthusiasts.
It's true that the valuation of tulips went off the deep end within this rarefied environment, and eventually crashed, but the majority of dutch normalfags didn't really involve themselves in it.
It's sort of equivalent to the valuation of that Wutang album martin Shkreli was holding hostage.
Ridiculous, but not really involving the public at large.
normies can keep laughing their way into poverty while we get to chuckle in the front lot of Lambo land
source?
(((they))) would have you think the tulip bubble affected everyone and their mother
Why don't you call him out?
I hate it when professors act like pompous know-it-allsIn other news I've been doing quite well copy-pasting bitcoins all day
4477510Indeed.
The longer normalfags think it's all a scam, the longer I have to accumulate before shit really gets moving.
this makes me happy.
the bubble is far from popping.
https://www.smithsonianmag.com/history/there-never-was-real-tulip-fever-180964915/
It's a class of 150 people because it's an intro class lmao.
What am I supposed to do, shout at him /biz/ memes?Maybe I'll raise my hand and call him out on his bullshit
economics professorYeah well my fucking witchdoctor who cast a curse on my enemies for me accepts Litecoin as payment so I'll trust him
Shit man, I've been manually typing the 1s and 0s.
I guess that's why he's the professor.
own 1 BTC>ctrl+c, Ctrl+v 1000 times>instant millionairedang it feels good to be a crypsta
professor says Bitcoin is not a store of valuestore of value = stable value =/= exploding in "value" chaotically
4477510Yes, this is good news.
Thank your prof for helping to keep the majority misinformed while we the early adopters accumulate longer.
if you take the proportion of people involved in tulips back then compared to the public, that ratio is probably something akin to the amount of people in crypto.7 billion people on earth, market cap is low in the sense that only a tiny fraction of all people are in cryptoby the same logic it all leads to a collapse
Ok I'm going to raise my hand and ask him a question.
What should I ask him?
How did the tulip bubble work?
Did you trade 50 pounds of tulip petals for a car while the recipient of the tulips would then be left with bags of dried descintigrating tulips?
When you try to buy something from ebay did you ship the tulip petals through fedex for $50 while the other guy ships the item to you?
I can think of many reasons why tulip petals are a crappier system than a digital currency.
well, y'know.
Crypto essentially enables an environment of digital scarcity, where ctrl+c+v is not possible, allowing real decentralized digital money to exist in the same way that cash exists in meatspace.
It's cash that can be moved across the globe in an instant with next-to-zero tx fees.
That's revolutionary.
Meanwhile, tulips are fucking flowers.Anyone equating bitcoin with tulipmania likely has a negative IQ.
I'm guessing this is the same kind of boomer moron who doesn't understand how valuable a couple snippets of software code can be
Is Bitcoin not backed by cash?
You get a cash value for each bitcoin on a min by min basis.
So in a way, without cash there is no Bitcoin.
I'm gonna ask this stupid fuck "Isn't Bitcoin different from tulips because Bitcoin has a known limited quantity, you can send and receive Bitcoin to several exact decimal places without the need for a third party (e.g.
bank), and it can be sent within a few hours?
"Let's see what this boomer says
Their equating the phenomenon of quickly rising asset prices.
The asset at question is irrelevant, now we laugh at tulip bulbs, they laughed at south sea company stock certificates, they laughed at Japanese real estate and stocks in 1988, they laughed at dot Com stocks in 99, and they were revolutionary.
It has nothing to do with the asset.
Years from now we'll be laughing, during the bubble it's too real
Ok I just asked this boomer professor and he said >"Let me guess, you put your student loan money in Bitcoin and expect to become a millionaire in a year right?
">whole class laughs>"Anyway, as I was saying..."mfw my professor never answers my question.
Fucking boomers
actually we'll be laughing at you
It isn't tied to any specific currency.
The value is generated by supply and demand, the conversion to USD is just that - a conversion.
It can convert to anything of value.
This is what I actually did.Billionaire reporting in
Roasted :P
Trying to call a bubble is just asking to miss out on gainsOnce upon a time the graph showed $100 to $750 and people were pissing their pants about that graph peak.
Now they are pissing about $1000 to $8000.
But all it is is compounding value.
It could easily sky to $100,000 before the "big crash" happens and it tumbles to $50k, but then you still would have made a profit, right?
And it would still recover with time.Trying to call a top and a bottom in investment is inane.
Set your risk tolerance and time frame, put your money in, and forget about it.
The fearful are always the losers.
HAHAHAHAHAHHA fucking rip
The thing with Bitcoin is that how do you laugh if it actually becomes a global accepted currency which is already happening.
Look at the third world shitholes in an disruptive environment that view BTC as literal gold.
I mean it might have extreme highs and lows but when the dust settles it will be worth a lot.
Your Prof is actually accumulating dumbass
Ask him why he hasn't jsut copy pasted bitcoins if it's that easy.
Woke
so many fucking (((educated))) fucktards out there actually believe that bitcoin balances are all stored in some server somewhere
raise hand slowly while he's mid-sentence>'y..yes?
do you have a question?
'>'JUST'>entire class lmaos and you get laid by a 10/10 econ hottie
When someone does this in public I make a point of openly laughing loudly, mocking them, and making them feel stupid before asking "did you read the whitepaper?
"it feels so good
You underestimate the power of group think.
His professor has absolute authority and has enraptured his classroom.
All of them are, at the least, subconsciously siding with whatever he believes in.
If OP speaks out he would only embarrass himself no matter how valid and sound his arguments are.
you can buy gold with it..
You're economics professor either doesn't understand the technology or doesn't understand economics.
For your sake, lets hope it's the first.
Not if any of them have a brain and he explains how the blockchain works.