Waltonchain is getting ready to Spike with youtuber boxmining doing his video tour of Walton's headquarters tomorrow https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCxODjeUwZHk3p-7TU-IsDOA
ping pong men r gonna pump it up
Hate this piece of shit coin
sell orders in place.what do you think it'll go to?
Yeah, how high can it go?
I have sell order on 70k satoshi.
Too high?
Too low?
lol sell... this baby is a keeper.
I usually dotn fall for hodl memes but wtc is difrent, forks are over,mounthly combos of good news inc and working product Q1/Q2 would not advise timing this shit.
Comming from someone who daytraded eth for mounts and got left in dust, time market with shotcoins not bullish real deals who are about to blow.Gl anons.
This.Anyone knows when video is comming ?
No one knows , it's not on the forum, Reddit or Twitter, just have to wait.
The video comes out tomorrow
Please raise your tray tables and adjust your seats to the most upright position.
This rocket is about to blast the fuck off to the moon.
down 40% on this shit, hurry up and pump already
Why would this make it spike?
I'm a WTC holder but I don't see why a shitty video of the office would make it increase by anything more than 5-10%.
A 10% gain is enough to get your wife and the dude she's cheating on you with a nice chicken dinner and Gatorade you cuck.
Shut the fuck up you shitcunt.
You obviously bought WTC at $8 and now grasping at anything to "blast the fuck off to the moon", and can't explain why you think that price action would occur.Stay poor fag
I think the hope is that the video is being made by a skeptic of the coin who actively discouraged investors from initially buying the token, who is actually quite well known in the crypto space and is respected, so if his visit has filled him with confidence the idea is that he would be able dispel the remaining FUD about the coin.
The other hope is that his video may contain video evidence of the blockchain ,wallet and RFID working.
That alone could be enough to justify a small pump or at least put the coin on the buy list.
Ah okay, fair enough.
Hopefully we see a nice then.
Definitely too low anon.
Be interested to see this.
Spent some time in China and am very skeptical of WTC.