Is tonight the night?
Looks like all of China/Korea just decided to go long on BCH.
Been getting justed on this sack of shit all.
fucking.
day.
Just managed to dump at 8 bucks less than my buyin for a whole day of stress.
fuck this trash coin and FUCK YOU.
It's up like 15% on the day, what are you even talking about?
this is one of the easiest fucking coins to swing trade.
tf u doing BIC BOY?
fuck you.
I'll never buy this trash again.
ever.
fucking worthless trash.
god DAMN I'm glad to be rid of those bags.
Later.
BCC shills=retards who FOMO'd at 0.4BTC
its just the FUD group/bots larping as losers to try and discredit BCH, been happening for weeks
4513597you BCC/BCH guys remind me a lot of antifa or communists.
just out to hurt anyone to get your way with intense shilling but always failing.
I am expecting $2000 prices for bitcoin cash at 25th day.
FUD groupie #2 welcome to the thread.
I fail to see what exactly I shilled, but whatever, fuck you anyway.
i honestly just want the chaos to collapse the alt market because i want to pick up cheap alt.
don't really care about BTC or BCHwho's with me?
funny, because (((blockstream))) and you paid shills remind me of shareblue and hillary.
corecoin will end the same way too
4513872listen you may not be paid, but bch/bcc guys have been shilling this and trying to kill btc with anti tether fud for weeks now.people are sick of your sperg shit.if you lost money on bch, dont worry, it will go higher.
just stop shilling an end to btc here, everyone hates you and the paid guys.
you know alts are good for nothing, they only exist because bitcoin stopped scaling.
Name something an alt can do that bch can't
>bought @ .64 a week agostrong hands make a strong mind
you're 100% rightwhat was i thinkingall in on bitcoin
4000$ bch 4000$ btc isnt far fetched
lol have fun with your useless btc
ITT: .4 bagholders
Last attempt to kill the decentralised bitcoin in favour of the centralised and chink/jew controlled beecash before the japanese mining farm for bitcoin comes online and destroy forever the mining monopoly of the chinks on bitcoin.If bitcoin survive this chain death attack, it will have literally survived all attacks.I'm pumped as fuck.
Don't stay in bitcoin tho, it'll dip in the next five days due to said attack.
i almost want to jump back on this dirty train for even more gains but i feel i'd be pushing my luck desu
Koreans sure do love that BCH
BCH will provide many gainz and love you long time
The amount of Bitcoin Legacy cope in this thread is hilarious.