I'm a 22-year-old looking into getting a credit card to start building credit.
I'm moving out in a year or two and would like to know what would be the best way for me to build my credit.Apparently my credit score is garbage (550) even though I've only signed up for internet and phone services in my name, both of which I've always paid on time except for once (I forgot my bill was due and was a day late).I've heard that it's better if you go to your bank and apply for a card from them.
How would I go about doing this?
Can I just do this online and get approved on their web site, or would I have to go in person and talk to one of the tellers about it?
look online for good CC for building credit.
always pay it off in full.
never go borrow money with it.
Apparently my credit score is garbage (550) even though I've only signed up for internet and phone services in my name, both of which I've always paid on time except for once (I forgot my bill was due and was a day late).That's how they get you.
Never being in debt or using credit cards automatically gives you a shit credit score - you need to use their debt services to build up a score.
It's dusgusting.
>t.
never had credit card, has worse credit rating than morons who max them out and spend lives paying pointless debt.
It's not that I want to max out my credit and be in debt for the rest of my life, but I want to build up credit now with small things (i.e.
filling up the gas tank) so that when I need to do things such as buy a car or a house, I can do said things without a cosigner.
Building credit is a long and arduous process, anyone who says otherwise is lying.
Careful not to get fleeced, carefully read any documentation you’re provided and find a financial advisor you trust to consult with.Credit cards are the thing you want to go for first, a basic cash-back VISA from a local bank or credit union - use it, pay it off; get your limit raised after a year or so.
If you get declined, see if anyone offers Secure credit cards, which let you put down your own money to establish credit, but these are high risk, so not everyone offers them.
Beware of carrying balances, credit cards are easily available and easy to borrow on because they charge assrape interest rates.
NEVER take cash off a credit card because then you get charged the monthly interest DAILY on that amount until you pay it back, which racks up extremely fast.Good rule of thumb is to wait 6 months or so between credit applications, because every time you apply, it reduces your score.
Even when you check your score, it reduces it, unless you’re using a FICO score, which some banks allow you to monitor through an online portal.Your credit history is 7 years of activity, so it takes a while to build up.
Your bills and shit don’t factor into it unless it goes to collections, which reports it to credit monitoring bureaus.
Pay your debts, keep raising your limit where you can, and soon you’ll have offers pouring in.Tl dr: Credit cards first, be careful, then move onto lines of credit and other products later.t Banker
Thanks, mister banker.Wanna be my sugar daddy?
:^)
get a credit card and put your recurring monthly subscriptions on it, like netflix/gym/phone bill etcpay these off as soon as they show up on your statement to avoid interestthis will help you build creditavoid using card for day to day purchases, you don't want to carry a balance