How the fuck do I claim my niggercoin losses on my tax return without my accountant or the IRS asking me about the name?
Is it okay to just use the three letters?
AHAHHAHAHAAHHAHAHHAAH AHAHHAHAHAHAHAAoh you
lolDepending on the IRS agent you might be fine just saying that you've always wanted to own some niggers
4450949samefag
HAHAHAHAHAAHHAHAAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHOLY SHIT AHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAAHA
I was also wondering thisplease respond seriously.
what exchanges can I buy this in?asking for a fellow plantation buddy of mine
I'm laughing so hard tree are tearsThx op needed that
But in all serious if you made that graphic I'm impressed
Just abbreviate it, you NGR.
I can send you some on waves
being this blind
4451994Did you really miss the NiggerCoin rally?
Shit did 300% before getting pulled from the "decentralized" exchangeIt was glorious.
I myself cashed 16$ worth of btc from selling my niggers I got free.
Which exchange was it on?
Wave Dex , was waves tokens at first, there were several made when people saw the traction.
Also now there's an ERC20 nigger token since those were removed by Sacha.
There's a domain too and a black paper.
I forgot the site
i mean.. you can still trade these on wavesdex.nlthey just blocked the coin from the waves brandname exchange, they didn't censor it from the actual blockchain
If anyone is interested I have NiggerCoin original, aka NiggerClassic, the EYFF NiggerCoin.I also have the 3P NGR nigger coin know was NiggerLiteI also hold KikeCoin, African-Americans, white privileges, Penis, and a variety of other offensive cryptos
toplel, anon
Can't wait to trade in niggers again
black paper
Back when NGR began, I avoided this coin JUST for this reason.
LMAO those transactionshttps://etherscan.io/token/0xc816463eb290e47ff512c04121142d1d85a3cdc2
topkek
i legitimately made that NGR graphic and all others that spoof major Crypto styles.
The ones referencing melon wallet and i think it was WHIP technology.
Good times.I'm particulary fond of the anti tamper section, the coin ID starting with EYFF was the original then pajeet competitors jumped on the scene re-purposing the images.
Don't trust anything but the EYFF seals.
Ok I am just concerned because NGR is already Nature Group PLC completely different and my return is likely going to be high audit risk =\
i'll take the EYs.
list on wavesdex.nl ?
if you dont trust it, just list a small amount at first to verify it works
bahaha you're a hero man.
got any EYs to sell?
tevon james edition
exchange it for bitcoin, then exchange the bitcoin for etherium or litecoin.
that would honestly be the easiest option.
You have to record every single trade with the IRS.
That doesn't solve the issue.
Just adds more paperwork and fees for no reason
Sorry to take your thread opbut the next 3 dubs WILL get 0.15 BTCROLL ROLL ROLL
Dubs, plus i am OP hook it up1HMJXmvgCfXjZokkDQBHnazyWNLLSkawZw
sell to me wavesdex.nl
4457204I listed a couple of EYs for sale
Only on /biz/
Dubs on dubs !1kPKe1HkR14DtbCV8mzuFPenNhRiExa5F
rollin i guess1KRXeTwYYGERN9CFjcGy25XSZX8MkhtAB4
4450992Just put niggercoin down you pussies.
Guys i just listed my original EYY niggers on wavesdex.nl if you don't trust this site just make a new wallet and transfer a little bit of waves over.
ROLIN
4457364hey gracias.
leave em up through the night please.
can't get on right now but will in a bit.
Ah the good days of Niggercoin.
I hadn't laughed so hard in years until the few nights /biz/ was dominated by Niggercoin threads.
Waves really could've been /ourdex/ but they had to ruin it all with their PC bullshit.