/CPG/ - Clear Poll General - ClearPoll is a great new way to have your say.
Simply install the app, browse for polls, and vote on global, national or local issues.
It’s quick, easy and most of all – secure.
Using blockchain technology, your votes cannot be tampered with.
The results of a poll are also 100% secure.>Is there a roadmap and when is the ClearPoll launch date?poll recently moved the launch date forward by 2 months, to May 2018.
Development is moving very quickly and ahead of schedule, and the roadmap can be found at the site clearpoll.io>What are POLL tokens used for?1) Node rewards.
We pay our nodes in POLL for their services.2) Advertising.
The ClearPoll Advertising network offers ad space to corporate clients, in exchange for POLL tokens.3) ClearPoll Plus.
Ad advanced poll results metrics service designed for journalists and marketing professionals, accessible only with POLL tokens.4) Sponsored Polls.
Corporate clients can create sponsored polls, accessible only with POLL tokens.
These polls appear in their own special section and feature advanced data metrics to provide great marketing insights.>How many tokens are burned, and when?We have reserved 1 million POLL tokens (10% of all in existence) to be burned at a rate of 100 every time a poll is completed on the ClearPoll app, but that has recently been increased to 1000!>Who decides the poll questions?The users decide the poll questions.
They create topics, and then other users vote on the topic to decide if it should become a poll question.
This way, we have no say in what issues deserve to be addressed.
People decide what’s important and then they vote on it.>How do you stop multiple voting or bot voting?e use a great system of mobile verification to validate the users.
In order to vote multiple times on a poll you would need multiple mobile numbers, multiple devices and multiple ClearPoll accounts.
Bots will not get past our validation system either.
HST is already doing that; combining voting system with blockchain.
Why would I need to invest in CPG?