Through a lot of luck I've become positioned to have insider info.
I'm becoming a tripfag because I am going to start proving that I have insider knowledge.
This is my first tip so you have no reason to trust me, so don't actually act on this, just screencap it and save it for later.A firm is moving 5-10MM into a certain sub 100m marketcap coin.
I can't say the name of the coin in case they google it next month and somehow one of you cunts gets a screencap or tweet of it on the front page, but it's the one everyone here is shilling non stop on the frontpage.Call me a LARPer, but please also screencap this.
Thank you.>inb4 bought 100k.
Forgot to do my tripcode.
>Through a lot of luck I've become positioned to have insider info.
I'm becoming a tripfag because I am going to start proving that I have insider knowledge.
This is my first tip so you have no reason to trust me, so don't actually act on this, just screencap it and save it for later.>A firm is moving 5-10MM into a certain sub 100m marketcap coin.
I can't say the name of the coin in case they google it next month and somehow one of you cunts gets a screencap or tweet of it on the front page, but it's the one everyone here is shilling non stop on the frontpage.>Call me a LARPer, but please also screencap this.
Thank you.>>inb4 bought 100k.
ill play along with your LARP dont reply to me if the coin is chainlink
I was prepared for this, since I know this is 4chan.
I was shaped by this place and it's why no matter how successful I become (I am not that successful yet) I'll always come back.
I want to give something back to you guys.
I don't expect you to believe me.
Just remember what I said.>Please Screenc(l)ap
Oh it's req haha.
REQ?
does the coin have an I in it's abbreviation?
yup
What is the fucking coin?
LINK,obviously
Not much of a tip if you don't actually give a tip, is it?
4246832Honestly it's really very obvious.
I'm going to make it painfully obvious for you without saying the name, it's blue, it's got a cube logo.
DO NOT say the name in this thread, I don't want this shit to even have the slightest chance of coming up on google.
Just screencap this and move on.DELET THIS.
No but seriously, please delete mention of this coin and we can all be winning as I give more tips.
post SHA-256 hashes of the coin's name and the company's name.
That way we can verify you're not shitting us.
42467924246712NICE GOT 10 MILLION K THANKS FOR MAKING ME RICH OP I WILL SCREENCAP
In fact I just realised I can delete my posts, so that's what I'll do in one hour.
In the meantime everyone here screencap this shit and don't even whisper a word of it to anyone.
Don't do anything, just cap and wait.
When are they moving the money?
Today, next week????
The bag holders are becoming more and more elaborate
Lmao don't mention link on /biz/ guys my firm will find out.Lol so many groups are aware of link mate do you seriously think your circle is the only one?
Ok thanks, one more thing...when lambo?
are they buying before or after the fork?
I don't think you understand, this would literally be *illegal* for me to do, not to mention career ruining.
I am under contract just like everyone else involved in this project.
Crypto is unregulated so corporations have to make us sign iront tight contracts to the point where if I even fart and it sounds like this coins name I'll get sued.
Think about it, if you work for a firm and you know theyre putting money in a coin, you could tell all your friends to buy it etc, these people do not fuck around.
This 10MM is just to test the waters, they have big plans if the lead dev can start delivering, this company is powerful.
I am not trusting 4chan to not totally cuck me with these hashes.Also for future once you realise I was right, you'll start to notice this is what real inside info looks like vs larpers.
nigga do you know what a hash is???
?post the hash so we can keep it until later.
When the news hit, we will hash the coin's and company's name ourself and if it matches, you weren't shitting us
Another LINK shill, this shit will moon as soon no one is longer shilling it.
nigga i aint buying ur link bags.
You fucking retard, I'm not saying other people don't know what L*** is, I'm saying because crypto is an unregulated market anyone in a position to know these firms future movements gets vetted to absolute fuck.
They know the temptation for insider trading is huge and there are no federal consequences, so they fucking do all kinds of research in the lead up to the buy to make sure no one in the know leaked anything.Yes of course I do, if I encrypt the info and post the public key, theoretically some anon could then repost the info and the public key thus allowing people to view what I said anyway thus allowing my firm to find it during their vetting.
I do not trust some of the poor jealous cucks on 4chan from trying to fuck me.
Again from your pov this is just a dumb larp, from my pov its my career on the line.
I'm nervous as fuck just making this thread but also the adrenaline rush is addictive.Also the reason why I'm helping /biz/ is because I was a complete NEET autist for most of my life, been on 4chan since 2010, literally /biz/ is the reason I have a career at all.
Please sir when is it happening?
Don't buy them idiot, just screencap my post.
I'm trying to establish myself as an insider.
I actually laughed when the firm said they were gonna start with a large L*NK acquisition because I knew it was the last coin /biz/ would believe me about.
But that's life, I gotta take all your insults and mockery, but I know I'll be vindicated in ~6 weeks
Be sufficiently vague that any one of a million shitcoins is bound to match what I say>...?>Gain (You)sTripfags really, really are the worst of all
the fuck is this shit with 4$ volume
you know what fuck u i will buy some now.
blue>cubeit's digicube, what else?
thissha256 or didn't happen
 weeks huh?
Well thats actually plenty of time for LINK to grow organically either way I screencapped the threadThis is hardly insider trading since I was gonna buy it up after the fork anyways
Just sold my house and car for link, this better moon.
This is the larpiest larp I've ever seen.
Seriously 5-10 mil isn't insignificant but it's also not earth-shattering for a coin that even in the dumps right now has a 60+ mil marketcap.
youre obviously full of shit otherwise you would tell us when this is happening.
tell us when or go away

Honestly, has there ever been a LARP on /biz/ that turned out to be true?
Everyone already guessed the extremely obvious coin ages ago.You really aren't gonna get far in crypto if you're this slow.That's on you, this thread is not me trying to convince you to buy L*NK.Whatever the price will be, if 10MM goes in over a few days, it's gonna skyrocket.
Think about it, if 15% of the market cap of a coin goes in very quickly, the overall coin will shoot up in price by a lot more than 15%.
Plus if it has grown over the next six weeks the firm actually plans to invest more in.
Specifcally they want 1/8th of all L*NK.Again 10MM in buy orders over two/three days for a coin who's total market cap is less than 70MM?
You realise the price will go up by more than 15% right, because as the buys go in people become less reluctant to sell and others see the price increase and buy more.
I'm saying it'll go up 50% minimum.
It's the equivalent of almost 20 billion going into BTC right now.Screencap this cause it'll be the first one.
This firm already has me fucking drowning in NDAs, you actually think they'll give me an exact date?
While I do know a one week range, there is no faster way to guarantee them identifying me than by giving you that info.
There are only four people who know about this (small firm with lots of money), its very likely that we were all told slightly different dates so that if there was a leak they could use the dates to identify who leaked it.This is a big enough risk as it is for me.
I somehow believe this.
Don't know why.
Will buy some link just in case
4246712Every few days this fucking happens.Durrr I will always come back.
Durrr I wanted to pay you guys back somehow.Fuck off.
I'm not asking you to buy L*NK.
Just screencap this shit.
Deleting my posts in 15 mins.
If what you say is true, why would you tell us not to buy it then?
Lol one of most convincing larp i have EVER seen.
Well done you managed to increase price of L*** by 7%.
Gotta love Fake new
every pajeet that tries to make one of these threads is always so desperate to give the name out of the "secret" coin so quickly.nobody is going to buy your bags you third world shit
It's the oneHell yes please be true
$xvgcool!
thanks OP

He wants to prove to us first that he is legit
REQT or CHINKLINK
nvm, it's chinklink.
LARP pajeet confirmed.anyway nice just bought 100k
Are they just going to buy it off the market through second-rate exchanges with low volume?
Will they try to make a deal with the company itself, which holds a reserve?
hahahahahahahahaNo serious company will buy LINK why would they?
Why do people make unbelievable larp threads like this?
Is it fun?
I can't imagine how it would be fun.
nice just bought 999k
deleting post in 15 min.4 hours later...
kek
The company found him talking about it here and killed him, that's why he couldn't delete the thread... it's sad, we will remember you as a hero AssBlaster, thank you for your service to our community.
8/10 larp.
Good job.
Next time don't give it away so quickly.
Be more vague and follow through on the delete.
Then maybe I'll give you a 9/10
Where the fuck can I buy Link where it doesn't require to know what time of day I take a shit to buy?
Direct from the company itself and through one other undisclosed major holder that a lot of people in the office are speculating who they are but we won't be told til right before.chan won't let me delete posts that are this old, I fucked up but to be honest the rush I got from posting this was worth it.
I know for a lot of people 4chan is just some irrelevant shithole, but honestly even if I'm paranoid and my firm won't ever find this, the small risk still gave me a rush.You know I'm going to give you one piece of advice, it's just a personal observation.
When it comes to 4chan, 90% of the time 4chan is completely wrong, but the 10% of the time that its right, it's really fucking right.
Like we joke about how autistic this place and how no one takes it seriously, but honestly never underestimate 4chan.
I don't just say this when it comes to crypto, I mean in general years of observing 4chan, sometimes 4chan just 'gets it right' and by a lot more than any other site.
And FYI when it does guess correctly, it's usually accompanied by lots of FUD like with L*NK.
Again don't buy it, I'm just sharing my observation.The vague bullshit is what larpers actually do to create suspense and drama, it's in the introductory guidebook to charlatanism.
I've already said I'm not a larper, toke note of my style because when everything I've said is confirmed, you'll want to know be able to spot real insiders in the future.
Woops, 4247875 was directed at 
EtherDelta
Thanks anon.
I am checking it out now using MetaMask.Do I just use my Ethereum address to store LINK?
I am praying that you are not larping anon
EMB?
Yes, LINK is ERC20 so it can go in an ETH wallet.
............not a law expert but isn't insider trading....illegal?
Lol, ICO hedgefunds make so much fucking money because there's no such thing as insider trading in the crypto market.
Brainlet here.
Op says 5-10MM and marketcap sub 100m.
The latter is 100 million... but what's MM?
m is used for a quantity of something, MM is used for a currency.
Both mean a million.
I made a mistake.I'm still here by the way if anyone has questions.
Was up all night just smoking a cigarette trying to fall asleep now.
Why are you larping?
What do you have to gain when nobody believes you?
Realistically though, what can this do to a LINK?
I doubt that this can make any waves or ripples even.
Why would they buy this on the open market if they are buying that much?
Seem like they would make a deal with the devs like most other crypto partnerships.
>make it vague enough to fit almost any of the < 100m marketcap coins>reveal in the next weeks that it was random coin x that mooned for unrelated reasons>have a bunch of retards buy your next tip>dump your previously bought shitcoin on them
Why do you care?
What could possibly go wrong by giving all my identification information to a Chinese based exchange
he already revealed the coin, you faggot
Thanks.
So if you pump 10 million into a 100 million marketcap coin, does that mean you have 10% gainzz?
Look it's very clear what I have to gain, if I consistently give 4chan real tips and demonstrate that I'll gain status as 4chans official 'insider' on the other side.
Why does that appeal to me?
I dont know, I like to think generosity, but maybe its vanity, I just know big money is moving into crypto and I think it'd be nice if some of us fellow /biz/raelis in positions of (some, small amount) power used it to advance our goal.If I'm lying then I don't have anything to gain, yes that would be correct.
Also I haven't presented any proof I am who I say I am so any smart person wouldn't believe me, the proof will come, thats when I want you to believe me.Someone buys 12.5% of the ENTIRE supply of a coin, and you doubt this can make ripples?
You need to get out of crypto immediately if you think this is true.
Like if you cant do that maths that 12.5% of an assets supply being bought up will increase the price by 1.5-2x OVERNIGHT, not to mention other companies will start rushing.
I'm not gonna post the whole explanation now, because although simple it is long, but when you start buying something, as you buy it the price goes up, so just because they buy 12.5% of the supply doesnt mean the price only goes up 12.5%, it goes up exponentially more than that.I didn't say open market, I said through the devs and one other undisclosed 'whale' who owns a lot.
Why not get it all from the devs?
Believe it or not the devs are actually not keen on handing a lot out, apparently while this firm is the only one I know is going to actually *do* something, one other company in our field is seriously considering doing it as well and there are tons of companies courting the L*NK devs.
They aren't selling right now because this is there only chance for Zuckerberg money.Read the thread idiot.Probably doesn't want to pay taxes when L*NK is 10x.
I've got your trip screened.
If you are legit come the next week, you will be a god among men here.
If not, you will be the laughing stock LARPer and we will all laugh at you and your small penis, OP.
So why they cant just flat out buy it, but need you niggers to sign contracts and sheiit.
Team of people to buy shitcoin, Im suspicious desu