What do you do when you are just waiting to see how things on unfold while trading besides refreshing /biz/?
Do you just stare at the price go 1 dollar up one dollar down?
I find myself constantly getting bored.
Is that just part of the job?
I usually do some crack and jerk off
amphetamines help
Usually I post on dsg or bbg while waiting but I'm taking a 3 day break from the vg board for reasons.
Today and yesterday I ran errands with a friend while waiting.
Got lucky today though as my TP was hit rather quickly.
Shitpost here or work on my programming projects.
I live my life.
I enter a trade and I immediately set a stop loss and an alert for my profit target.
Then I wait for 1 or the other to hit
I never get bored of staring at the charts.
Watch more things?I have a scanner that alerts me to something frequently.
(not cryptos).
So there's usually something to watch for at least.
I’m playing World of Warcraft on a private vanilla serverI have two monitors, left is WOW, right is tradingview/bittrex.
Works well enough
Only autistic retards and computers day trade, real men swing trade Prove me wrong
They're basically the same thing.
ie I don't have $25k because I'm a poorfaggot
if you are bored, then you could be doing more.with proper day trading you should be analyzing entry/exit points and putting in orders after some analysis, spend some time researching fundamentals so you know you aren't just riding pump and dumps, and the hard part is trying to keep track of enough charts and coins that you can make moves on many different coins at the same time.if you are watching a chart, unless it has been having abnormal amounts of movement, you are wasting your time.this is where having a decent sized monitor can help because it make it a little easier to just glance between charts, but it doesn't make as much difference.
if you've done all this but don't want to add more coins to track because it might be to much and you still have down time, search forums and discussion groups for updates/announcement/rumors to verify and use.also look for other tools and scanners to help you find trends an movements to capitalize on.for instance, in the past week xlm/btc on kraken kept taking massive dips of 10 to 15 percent with immediate recoveries within minutes.
to quick to get in and out, but if you set up your orders to buy those big drops, then sell at the price it's actually trending at, you would have made nice profit, a scanner could alert you to drops of x percent within x time frame so you know what to watch and plan an entry onif you are day trading as your main source of income/time you should be trying to actively trade, and you should aim to actually make a decent wage each day
programming, web design, freelance, market analysis, fap
Just because your daytrades fail and you hold them until they're green, doesn't mean you're a swing trader.
thanks for this
4370785if you're looking for info, check out quickfingers luc on youtube, he has a good community and some good tools people in the community are developing,also, it looks like nuls, eos, and ark have had some decent swings recently, but make sure to find an exchange with a bunch of coins to trade and keep an eye on multiple things.try to find strong bases and trend-lines for good swing trades like on xmr, and make sure to look at the big red numbers too, instead of just watching the green ones, most people think making money is just hoping on a coin that is going up so they look at the big green numbers and might try to jump in on that, but it's like jumping on a moving train, those numbers mean that the coin has already had that amount of movement up, you want the ones that haven't done that yet so look for coins that are at a low point and coins that have indications of starting an uptrend.the xmr daily chart is a good example, although it seems to indicated swing trade opportunities more than day trade opportunities, you can do both