Robinhood is a commission free stock trading app on iOS/Android--Robinhood FAQs --- VISIT THE WEBSITE FIRST DAMMIT!!
- www.robinhood.com> How is it free?Robinhood earns revenue by collecting interest on the cash and securities in Robinhood accounts, much like a bank collects interest on cash deposits and by collecting fees from robinhood gold.> It's been X days, why isn't my account verified yet?Not being approved in 3 days seems to be the new norm.
Nevertheless, call/email their support if you've been waiting more than that.> When is it coming to my country?The only "plans" are on an Australian and Chinese beta.
Neither of which has gained much traction.> I hit sell when the stock was X.XX, but it actually sold at a lower price, why?Robinhood graphs are shit and only show you an average, not true real-time prices.
To get Bid/Ask prices and important things like candlestick graphs, you should use a more robust platform.> Where can I get better charting or bid/ask?Real brokers, like TDAmeritrade's thinkorswim.
Otherwise you should be using tradingview.com, stockcharts.com, finviz.com, or a non-pile-of-shit for your graphing in addition to Robinhood.-- Links --Premarket Movers:http://www.nasdaq.com/extended-trading/premarket-mostactive.aspxEarnings Report Calendar:https://biz.yahoo.com/research/earncal/today.htmlBiopharma Catalyst Calendar:https://biopharmcatalyst.com/Pump and Dump Advertising:https://stocktwits.comS&P 500 VIX Futures (For XIV/UVXY, higher is better for UVXY, lower is better for XIV)https://www.investing.com/indices/us-spx-vix-futuresPrevious thread 
First for XXII
Are there any good podcasts or youtubes for beginner investors?
You gotta pay the gains toll if you want to get in the B hold.
any hot spicy meme stock to hold over weekend?
BAC seems to be recovering.
I think B will be OK next week
Anyone else ride the HUSA train today?
I sold early at .45 and am trying to fill my .435 order now.
Made 5% gains could have made more but I'm not upset.
The point is that Robincucks can't buy the dip.
maybe XIV or VMIN if the market recovers next weekrisky though
AMRS has ER on tuesday.
is ENRJ worth it just for the meme?
just went all in based on this comment
Bought some BAC thanks anon
Guys quick, give me a good hold for the weekend!Someone from the future tell me what gets comfy gains before Monday
Bitcoin
I have BTC.
I should have sold at 7800, would have made almost $300
I’m in VMIN.
Glory ahead.
I bought some too but man...we are so fucked if something happens over the weekend lolwhat percent gains are you hoping to get?
That looks like it's about to tumble lad
VMIN is an inverse of volatility, it's not really based off buying/selling.
It'll pop next week if the market starts to calm down and recover
QUICKGIVE ME A WEEKEND HOLD
I made a dollar and 89 cents this week, I'm calling it a blessing.
NMM earnings on Monday if you're feeling ballsy.
lost $2400.
calling it a blessing.
for my stupidity.
>got in XXII @ 2.05 at the last minuteI'm conflicted as to whether it was a good snipe or a dumb purchase in general.
Any stock in particular?
DRYS nigga
>Pandora
TOPS
Best of luck next week.
Hopefully the market in general will do better but I think we need to get through this political bump first.
Husa
Got 3 earnings myself next week.
I'm ready.
I'm up 4.1% this week.
Any other TRXC lads hold through todays dip?
CC today, you'll find out
what do you guys think on long term 5+ year holds on twitter?
tfw didn’t make a single trade all week>tfw still lost money
if they ban trump it's going down the shitter
I thought it wasn't until the 14th?
I was tempted but no.
You?
i feel like twitter will get myspaced 5 years from now
Yeah I was regretting not selling at open, I was asleep at the bell so I just held as it kept sinking.
I'm just gonna ride this till January
>bought 50 shares JNUG at 19.33>thought Norks would drop a nukkie soon>down 21%is there any hope, lad?
top kek
WHAT THE FUCK?
I DIDN'T DO ANYTHING WRONG
Yeah I bought at $2.70, sold at $2.76.
Really wish I'd gotten off at $3.15.
I was awake but I'd been hitting the memes too hard and believed I was in for a moon mission.
You were making money, goy.
Don't you know the point of offering free trades to millennials is to take their money, not lose money to them?
% No guts, no glory.
You don't have to lie on a Chinese anonymous board.Please let us know more.
ya dun goofed
Wish they told you what stock this was for...
dindu nuffin
Did you lose all of your money or you still have it?
Any details?
Robinhood sometimes will lend out your stocks for people to short and they pay you interest for it
I know, just wished they gave you the info of what stock, how many shares they used and what your interest percentage was.
Lookin 4 stocks w. Some FAT ass dividends and growth potential
TEVA
growth potential>jews billion in worthless goodwill on there balance sheethurrrrrdoyyyyy
Them dividends is phat
betting against our best ally
yeah im sure those dividends are sustainable with a junk credit rating right?
huhhuhuhbrnrngngn
teva and there management is the embodiment of the buy high sell low mind set.
there going to be selling and writing off assets they bought for way too much for many years.
b-but analyst price targets range from 20-40!
40 billion in worthless goodwill on there balance sheetjesus christ how does this even happen?
40 billion in worthless goodwill on there balance sheetmind boggling
Still holding 2k shares.Was so close to sell at 3.17I was rich there for a moment, now I'm just a pathetic bag holder
tevas balance sheet shows that it has it has 30billion in equity but it trades at 12billion market cap.
investors know that most of teva assets which is goodwill is actually not worth anything because teva overpaid for most of it.
there balance sheet is just terrible
they'd be 10B in the red if it wasnt for their """goodwill"'"holy fuck
Where's that dumbass that was talking smack about JCP yesterday?
Oh wait... That was me.
Oh wow I remember you fags having that conversation in here but I never looked at it today until now.
Yeah, I blew it.
Should have listened to the namefag.
The saddest part is that my JCP model was screaming strong buy and I ignored that too.
I've still got my $3 puts though.
They still might come in handy next week.
wow
Has anyone here ever messed around with forex trading?
I gave my friend $100 for ¥1000, fucking idiot