https://fork.lol/pow/retargetBTC difficulty rise is going to trigger it see the bottom of the link for count down it's in 7 hours
YES!!!!!!
How big will the pump be?How big will the dump be?
-30% top-50-60% bottom
Since it dumped right at 0.5 last time, expect it to dump a bit sooner then that since everyone will be trying to get out slightly early and not get caught in the red candle.
(That's if it can even get that high this time since there are a lot of bagholders from last time praying for a chance to escape and the knowledge that Bitmex + Coinbase users will be dumping a lot of BCH soon).
this guy actually gets whats going on
that post>"I'm high" picYou may not like it, but this is what Peak Cashie looks like
I bought it at 0.19, though with only .1 BTC so basically nothing.
But I want to become a Stinky Linky with it and make some gains to get a good few k Link.Would it be safe to put a sell order at 0.4 and go to bed.
Or do I have a high chance of becoming a bagholder with this?
Good God, what does this mean?!
I think Bitmex is already dumping.
3 Million a day
why exactly should people want to get out of BTC if the difficulty rises?
stuff harder to get is likely to rise in price, doesnt it?
Why should miners try to mine something less profitable?
Yes.
You have successfully seen through the BCH fud and may now level up
There will definitely be some people who choose to keep mining BTC out of ideology (or the belief that BTC will rise back up mand some miners hodl).
Not only that, but new miners might jump on board since the competition will be less (even if the difficulty is higher).
So the "total chain death" thing is a meme.What WILL likely happen is a backlog of transactions for a few days just like last time (maybe even slightly worse) which will cause SOME panic but as soon as BCH finishes it's PnD and people realize the sky isn't falling things will normalize.
While the backlog may be worse, the "meh" value from participants who were inured from last time will be greater so it'll be alot less dramatic.The Chicken Littles of BCH have already shot their best bolt
If the miners switch to BCH, BTC will be stuck on current difficulty for a long period.
This means a congested chain which means a probable drop in value.
Adding to this, BCH can handle ~8x capacity of BTC and doesn't have developers who've been co-opted into crippling its utility since 2014.So, dramatic drop in BTC price and an increase in BCH's price which will likely lead to BCH exposure and which will then lead to increased adoption.
BTC difficulty isn't going to rise you idiots.
Read your own fucking link OP.I'm actually heavily invested in BCH and the misinformation you're spreading is more likely to crash the price than anything else.
I set my bch orders low because btc hashrate is going to drop
BTC difficulty is actually going DOWN slightly so I don't see why hashrate would drop.
it doesnt matter if it goes up or down, what matters is that it will be locked in at whatever for 2016 blocks
It was already "locked in at whatever" for the past 2016 blocks.
What do you think is going to change exactly?
Er yeah I meant that
I dunno, ask the BCH miners who have been doing precisely that for months lol.
It's going to become slightly easier to mine.
Nothing big is happening, the fact none of you cashies realize that makes me want to pull my buy orders because it might be dropping hard
Do you remember what happened last time?
This time it will be far worse.
Last time the hash rate went to bch, this time nobody cares
Why?It's a simple question, answer it.
When you say dumping does that mean dumping into the coin or dumping the coin?
Checking Fork.lol the difficulty actually seems to go down.
..
They didnt have the daa in the last time.
Now its been in and proven to work.
What's your point?
We've had the DAA for more than a week, what does that have to do with today's BTC difficulty adjustment?
If the BTC difficulty was going up you'd have a point, but it's not.
The only thing that can cause another miner mutiny is a BCH spike coinciding with a BTC dip.
I'm confident that will happen at some point, but I see no reason for it to be today.
Dumping means releasing your bags, as is selling your bags, as in selling your coins, as in making the price of the coin go down
I know someone is going to answer this question, but>Lurk more
If miners had gone to BCH after the DAA, today's BTC difficulty adjustment would have gone way down.
Instead, because many pro-BCH miners have kept mining BTC heavily, BTC will remain at pretty much the same difficulty for 2016 more blocks.
If all pro-BCH miners switch to BCH at this point, BTC's chain will get very slow, fees will rise, price will go down, mining BTC will be at a loss, chain will get slower, and so on and so forth.
It's all in the hands of the miners now.
There are rumors of an "operation dragonslayer" occurring around November 25, the dragon being most likely BTC, we'll see what happens
If existing miners exit bitcoin, new miners that turned off their rigs because they couldn't compete come back in.If the Bitmain team's business model is based on a niche in a multibillion marketplace going unfilled, they ought to be very worried.
If all pro-BCH miners switch to BCH at this point, BTC's chain will get very slow, fees will rise, price will go downWell obviously.
But that's no more likely to happen today than it was yesterday, as the difficulty is simply remaining the same.
It's clear a lot of people are misunderstanding this, as the OP has proven, and that kind of thing makes me nervous.
How many people are buying right now based on that faulty assumption?Like last time, the only thing that can cause the scenario you describe is price action.
Hashrate will only start influencing price if the BTC network truly grinds to a halt.
How long will it take to mine these 2016 blocks if all pro-BCH miners decide to stop mining BTC at once?
A very long time, the hashpower involved is huge, and difficulty won't adjust down for 2016 blocks.Also BCH is developed by various teams and various individuals from all over the world, not Bitmain, unlike BTC which is pretty much run by Blockstream.
various teams*one team
Today is the most effective time to do it, well it is more effective than it would have been to do it right after the DAA.
They had the time to see the DAA works fine, and if they do it today they have BTC locked on that difficulty for 2016 blocks, as opposed to less than that if they had done it right after the DAA.
Doesn't really matter that the difficulty doesn't increase, what matters is the difficulty will be too high if all pro-BCH miners decide to stop mining BTC at once.
At this point it's a matter of belief whether they will do it today, but today is a good time to do it.
BCC aka Big Chink Cock.
*one teamsource?
cause I have sources that say otherwise, and I'd bet they are more trustworthy than yours
At this point it's a matter of beliefWorrying.I'd need to see evidence for this massive contingent of pro-BCH miners planning to switch over, and so far I haven't seen anything barring vague rumors about "operation dragonslayer", which sounds like a conspiracy theory.I dunno, I'm probably going to hold BCH long term anyway but I hate watching the price drop based on bad knowledge in the market.
Well nothing is ever certain and they wouldn't announce their plan out in the open for maximum effectiveness.
All that matters to me right now is that the rumor is likely to make the price rise until the difficulty adjustment, and if the miners indeed switch at that time then we will be in for the mother of all pumps.
Long term I believe BCH will win anyway, whatever happens today.
A very long time, the hashpower involved is huge, and difficulty won't adjust down for 2016 blocks.So transaction fees go up, so miners return, so your "very long time" becomes "a bit worse than usual"Operation Dragongayer is a nothingburger
Operation Dragongayer is a nothingburgerI wonder why BTG's value is pumping so much?https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/bitcoin-gold/
Because koreans really want to get crypto regulated as soon as possible with their p&d shit
so miners returnUnless they are also ideologically motivated, which many have proven to be already.
I don't claim to know for certain what is going to happen today, but I'm willing to bet money on what I believe and I have.
Best case scenario I gain a shitton of money, worst case I lose some, the risk/reward ratio is low enough for me