Is this a scam or the most legit ICO ever?
Ends in 4 days.
If they need a whore to advertise their shitware it's most likely a scam.
It's for porn, of course they need a whore dipshit.
What's that?
Decentralized porn?
Decentralized escort fucking could be huge because of privacy reasons for politicians and shit
How much for my masternode to cum?
/10 handwriting to whoever wrote on her chest.
I especially like the way they do the "c" and the "s" with sort of rounded 90 degree angles (is that a thing?
), like a calculator
The auctioning thing is fucking stupid and ruins this desu.
I have to cuck myself out of tokens in order to ensure that I even GET any?
And on top of that if enough people do so, the marketcap will already be fuckhuge by the time the ICO is over.
So you'll likely lose money.
how does the auction work?
Please use the image spoiler function when you post spooky skeletons, I almost jumped out of my skin.And I believe the way it works is that higher bidders take priority as they dole out their tokens, so everyone who bidded for a 250m market cap is sold tokens first, then those who bidded for 249m, then 248, and so on
Sorry no more spoopy skellingtonsSo basically if you bid too high you get raped and if you bid too low you get nothing?Also what are they actually doing with this ICO, what do you get for your tokens?
Yeah basically, and that's why I won't be buying any until they're on an exchange (hopefully below ICO)What do you mean?
Are you asking what the tokens do?
I don't know, I assume they'll be used to buy/rent porn?
yea that's what I'm asking, why are they doing an ICO?
Why will the token be worth buying?
Do I get a blowjob from Lexi Belle for 10 tokens or something?
Oh yeah idk.
The whitepaper probably says what the tokens will do.
I haven't bothered reading it as I'm not interested in buying during the ICO
Should be dutch auction where everyone pays the same amount
Oh you know what actually, I think that's what the small section of the whitepaper said that they're doing.
Somehow, in the end, everyone will end up paying the same amount.
I guess the highest bidders will all get their tokens, the average bid price will be the final token price, and everyone who bidded too low get nothing
the small section of the whitepaper that I read*
Yea that's ok, all the winners pay the same amount.
I can work with that.Now we just gotta work out the Lexi Belle blowjob thing
I can't be the only one who enjoyed her gettin rimmed
How many tokens for that
That chick's fucking ridiculous, maybe my favorite chick to watch get banged
>people asking how many bitcoins for her inspired this coin.We did it /biz/
make a huge donation and tweet her your key so she knows you ball on the block chaininb4 "cant believe u pay for sex" fags
4280007She's a major SJW boys, look at her twitter.
don't check just fap