reminder that the only people selling bch right now are weak handed western retards, the exchange the chinese are using with 70% of the volume is down.
>ChineseYou mean the Koreans you retard
even china is stopping bthget out while you can
Chinese trade through korea now because of their government cucking them
That moment the exchange in itself stopped it from dropping out much further.
I was gonna sell, but lost connection every time so i couldnt.
Exchanges made that much smoother than it should have been.
Also, it's on its way back up right now.
0.53 frozen on Poloniex.0.39999999 frozen on Bittrex.Seems like the exchanges made some safeguards against flippenings?
They are being audited
It's over plebdon't sell though
It seriously blows my mind how good of an exchange bitfinex is.
Has anyone ever had problems with it recently?
koreans contributed 15billion$ to the market capyeah okay
HODL
anon, YOU were the retard!
There is 1k BTC to manipulate the BCC market on Bittrex.
4315449Binance only crashed a bit after the dump, But the dump was so sever (and it still cant fucking catchup) that almost all buy orders were gone, it got to the end of the book.
Between price lag and this, It proves me to binance is too young to take seriously.
It just doesn't have the volume yet.
Right now its one big buy wall to drive the price above 0.3Guess you have to guess which force is going to be bigger: The people that want BCC to be king, and are out in all force, including some shilled up army of smaller pockets.
Or BTC, and basically the entire crypto market, which has not properly responded to this insane attack pump on its king.Maybe the general mindset of the masses decides the final outcome.
That's why the shilling was so insane.
As is, I don't see a flippening happening, but with all this extra fud and uncertainty, I also dont see BTC going anywhere soon.I dont even know where to start to explain this fight to less tech-savy investors, and I dont know if I would even want to see them enter this market, the way it is being fucking played right now.
According to the korean wechats and discords im in they are freaking out because there was a scheduled dump and they say this is inside fucking dumping by people higher up.
They are currently talking about sueing bithumb because of foul play which is hilarious because they are the ones who were trying to scam others but got scammed lmFAO
Also, it seems to me like the flash crashes was already a reaction by the old Bitcoin guard.
I just hope they did not spend it all.The old whales stand to lose a lot if the BCC flippening happens.
Let them dump the price to where it deserves to be (somewhere below 1/10 of BTC price).
BCH is big ponzi, its goming down hard
The buy wall has been eaten down to 520 (lol 5 minutes).
by little investigation you find that this BCH pump is artificial pump by korean exgangesthis shit is so fucked
And when it hit 500 just now, they completely pulled it.
Lol, and an exactly 1k BTC buy wall appears 0.01 BTC lower.This is so fucking obvious.
They are going to do this 'till it settles (hoping it settles around 0.2?)
25,000 btc in the last 24h>doesn't have the volume yetnigga u fuckin wat?