What will happen to him when the Securities and Exchange Commission starts tearing down Bitconnect?
Seriously wish the worst for this obnoxious fucking nigger
sup errrbody.
trvon james here.
time for someof dat gooodoool intangible coiiin talk.
would love to see every Youtuber who took Bitconnect blood money aggressively prosecuted
I can't believe how much money he made from that pyramid scheme.
Top fucking kekYes, jelly in a way.
He was cool before he started pyramid scheming.
How much did he make off that scam?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kXm7zv14QbMI doubt he even trades anymore.
He earns shitloads with bitconnect.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kXm7zv14QbM>"I probably make $1k an hour with Bitconnect"Jesus christ
If he leaves it in bit connect for 365 days he could have 90 million...Let's hope he does.
Bro why the fuck would you post that sad ass pic, turned all my rage into sorrow
He’ll join his buddies in club fed, probably wearing the same face for the duration of his 25 year sentence
Bitconnect is your typical ponzi scheme.
Everyone is going to get Madoffed
He gives away .1 bitcoin a day no wonder he has a bunch of mouthbreathers on his jock
Bitconnect pays inteterest out of its reserve of bcc tokens.The only thing illegal about it is that it claims you have USD in your interest wallet before you swap iy back for bitconnect tokens, but thats the point because its an assault on fiat currencyIf the governemt.
Shuts down bitconnect they are stealing 600mill from people around the world
Jailed for sure.
But he doesn't care cause he's black.
Travon, go to sleep.
I'm still waiting for HighOnCoins to get arrested.
Thats why i stole his daddy's money and he cant figure out how he got hacked https://youtu.be/hwwcTYm8DNc
he sold all of his bitconnect yesterdayhow long you guys think this ponzi will keep going on?
Ayooooo hol up *smack gigantic lips*
How the fuck do you get your twitter hacked?
Is this guy really giving crypto advice?
The real dumn niggers are his viewers.
Decentralized
jesus what a disgusting animalis this nigger trying to be even uglier on purpose?
Had followed him on steemit for a while.
Hated his face so unfollowed