haven't checked on crypto for a week, give me a quick rundown on why bch is mooning
to provide market uncertainty and get weak hands to give up real bitcoin
flippening
i thought bch was joke senpai
coordinated shills and business interests trying to attack bitcoin network
Satoshi's successor just endorsed Bitcoin cash.
I don't know what to believe anymore.
I've seen a lot of shitcoins temporarily rise in value
BTC on a correction causes a bullish outlook on BCH.
Then add in a very convenient attack on the BTC network and you have everyone exclaiming 'flippening!'
gavin also believes that craig wright is satoshi.
for a smart guy he's kind of a retard
I dunno but the salt from core shills is exquisite
At the same time, if it were to happen, it would require an "alignment of the stars," so to speak.
This likely isn't that, but it's sort of cut from the same cloth.
so it's just another fomo bull rush ...
flippening is happening
Korea is pumping the BCH price.
Scare tactic propaganda to wrench the BTC from weak handed noobs.
This isn’t the first time BTC has died.
I’d buy the BTC dip but really look to ETH for major gainz
Fastforward a week or two when BTC is mooning againEverybody here posting about KING BTC the only real crypto.
You didn't seriously doubt King BTC did you OP?
Bitcoin itself was a joke.You are betting on jokes.
The Segwit2x fork was canceled.
As a result there's no plausible plan for scaling Bitcoin anywhere in the near future.
Bitcoin Cash represents the alternative and is being embraced by many in the Bitcoin industry.
is being embraced by many in the Bitcoin industry.Anyone other than the sites that are run by the people who run BCH and that one small exchange who put up a Twitter poll for people to vote if they wanted BCH?
what about the lightning network?
isn't that ultimate scale?
the flippening is very real my friend.
FOMO and shills.
Why ETH?
>segwit2x drama>"omg we need a bitcoin that is exactly like bitcoin to counteract the shitty updates to bitcoin!
">fork gets cancelled>"HA!
see bitcoin is a shitcoin that will never get updates!"
Trading for goods and services with cloth and paper is a joke, same for with shiny rocks.Money is all a joke, why is BTC any funnier?
miners go along with segwit because blockstream promises bigger blocks>bigger blocks cancelled>blockstream wants to jew all tranfer fees in the propriety layers>miners and true visionaries choose satoshi's vision and dump btc>smart money moves to bch>bch moons>btc dump>fomo>nothing can stop the flippening any more>pic is sell out core devs
satoshi's visionOh I love this episode
Everyone knows that Dorian Nakamoto is Satoshi.
It's extremely rare that a woman makes something so significant
Dorian NakamotoMINISTER YOU, SATOSHI
Yes, the man chosen by Satoshi himself to lead bitcoin, the bitcoin ABC team, and a lot of popular support from people that do not want centralization in their blockchain.Try visiting uncensored websites and you'll the see the support.
might as well use visa or western union if your solution to bitcoin scaling is not using bitcoin