What are the best jobs you could get with just a bachelors degree.I'm talking income, job availability, and stability.
Electrical engineering here.
Started at 62k after 3.5 years I'm making almost 90k
any non-research related STEM field
renting out my 5000 lgd
What are the best jobs you could get with just a bachelors degree.If you have to ask, then you probably won't qualify anyway.
4508425Mechanical Engineer btwJust to go off him I started at 63k and 1 year in at 75k
Depends.
What skills do you have?
If you can do data analysis that pays pretty good.
If your good at sales there are good jobs but you work on commission.
If your good at chemistry there’s money there.
Another anon mentionsed electrical engineering.
sounds sweetthe thing i always wondered about engineering tho, is how much do you hate/enjoy the work?
mech eng.
unemployed for 5 years
i have a bachelors in creative writing.
i work at home depot making minimum wage.
I forgot to mention police officer.
Starting pay isn’t great but you get regular raises, you pretty much can’t be fired, and depending where you live you might get a defined benefit retirement plan.Plus you can legally kill people.
hedge fund manager
idk what my skills are matei am 4 years out of highschool and 0 years into universityI pretty much spent the last 4 years playin vg, only started planning a career out yesterday, and was thinking since I'm already 22 maybe I don't want to sit around too long in collegehow do i find out my skills mate

Have you thought about getting into financial or legal writing.
Eg for Bloomberg, Agora, Thomson Reuters, etc.
why unemployed?i thought engineers had great job availability?
write a book?
Isn't that kind of the point of writing classes?
If you don’t know what your skills are that probably means you need to develop them.
Also consider being a pharmacist, depending on where you live it’s an easy job that pays well.
ok, so I guess I develop them in undergrad uni?
45084494508469I'm a fairly recent graduate with a bachelor's in mathematics from an Ivy League school.
I've been struggling to find a good position for a few months now.
I have background in financial modeling and actuarial science and I especially enjoy working with data and financial analysis.My resume is good.
I am just struggling to find a position and apart from simply applying to every job that meets my description on sites like Indeed I am unsure of the process.If anyone has any positions or advice to recommend to me, I would sincerely appreciate it.
My work isn't bad (ee working in aerospace) .
Its mostly process.
I don't use anything I learned in school, they just want to make sure you're competent.
Going now for my mba which the company pays for
4508675I should mention as well that I have passed several actuarial exams and was looking for an actuarial analyst position but have had no such luck apart from my previous actuarial internship, which ended after I graduated.
If anyone has any positions or specific advice for me, I would greatly appreciate it.
I just keep applying and emailing recruiters looking for a suitable position and I am not picky about location.
If you don't care where you live just apply all over.
Make sure your resume lists all the software you ever touched.
A lot of lazy retards buy into the STEM meme without doing any projects outside of school, without pursuing any internship, and without getting good grades -- or cheating to get them and not having a clue about your actual studies.
So they graduate with a 2.8 with absolutely nothing that would make them stand out in an industry that is oversaturated with similar like minded lazy shitheads that just want to coast along and collect their monthly salary.
Military.
There's plenty of bullshit yeah but you get fairly well paid and it does offer experiences you wouldn't get anywhere else - regardless of whether or not you go on an Op Tour.
Also looks awesome on your CV once you leave and girls eat it up.
Not sure if GI bill covers postgrad but even if it doesn't there'll be opps to get Masters degrees etc while in service if you're an officer.
Military or other Intel/Law enforcement.
Unless you're total social retard and horribly unfit they'd absolutely snap you up with a degree like that from a top school.
The guy who counts Halfdollar's money for him so he knows it's all still there.
GI bill covers all schooling including technical schools and flight school.
I have to agree, doing projects is what sold my resume.
Before, I went through a lot of rejection during the interview process.
Once I had projects, I was fine
It does list them and I have real experience and internships and actuarial exams passed.
Should I just keep applying to actuarial positions?I've even tried working with actuarial recruiters.
They interview me and tell me all the positions they are applying me for but then always return later with "it seems nobody is hiring right now.
We will try sending out your application again in a month or two.
"It just feels like nobody is hiring in my field and I'm not getting the interviews for financial analysis positions.I'm fit and would consider myself competent and smart, but where would I apply for military positions outside of combat?I am married and can't simply leave my wife to go to the military.I am about 1 month away at this point from just giving up and going to teach English in a foreign country where the pay is only ok but it's easy, relaxing, and will allow me to spend time with my and my wife's family (abroad).
i graduated top of the class.
the economy is in the shitter.
Nobody gives a shit about grades with nothing to back them up.
A 4.0 with no projects and no signals showing the person actually cares about what they want to do raises red flags.
Here's a tip for you: The first thing a recruiter looks at is GPA.
But the only thing they use it is for cutoffs.
If Chevron requires a 3.5 for a job, they don't give fuckall about a guy with a perfect 4.0 top of his class then there's this other guy who worked 2 part time jobs and pursued a summer internship every year and managed to hold onto a 3.5.
4508804It's just getting harder to keep doing this.
Every day I get up and keep applying and my wife and her family are all worried about us and our savings are starting to drain out.And I don't understand why I'm not getting interviews when my resume really is fine, with good projects, internships, and experience to talk about, and I am qualified for the positions.But maybe the problem is that I'm simply finding these jobs on generic job sites?
That's why I'm asking if there's anything I'm missing, some other advice or specific positions someone here could recommend to me?At this point I've also already interviewed with foreign schools abroad to allow me to teach English and work there instead and they'd love to have me, but it just feels like I'd be giving up on everything I worked for by taking that path.
Fell for the top of the class meme.
Better is the enemy of good enough is an industry slogan.
If you overdo a project, they can't trust you.
Keep in mind, everything I said doesn't apply if you're a Pajeet without citizen status.
Nobody wants to sponsor you unless you're asking for half the salary.
I have projects and internships and am applying with my field, but nobody seems interested.Yes I could go grab a part time job at the grocery store any day of the week but that's obviously not the same thing and I think I'd be wasting time I would be using to apply for career jobs at the same time by doing so.
I'm trained to become an actuary/data analyst.
Do I just have to keep applying for more months on end and hope eventually somebody bites?I've tried getting the advice of my university career center too and this is pretty much what they have recommended, in addition to emailing alumni from the university to inquire about their positions, which I have done.
I'm a white US citizen.
Struggling and ranting in this thread.I'm so close, just a month away, from giving up and going abroad to teach instead so I can be happy (and make less money, but still be happy).
Apply online sucks.
It's low effort - low reward.
If you have a stellar resume and background, expect to get a response for every 30 to 50 applications, depending on your industry.
Mind you, I'm talking about recent graduates.
The networking meme is real, unfortunately.
People are much more likely to trust you in a face-to-face conversation.
I went to an engineering conference and got 3 offers.
Before that, I applied to 40 different companies and got 1 interview.
And before that interview, I got a job offer from an old friend who's an engineering manager for a small oil & gas company.
I'm taking my bachelors in communications in six months is there any hope for me?
I graduated December of 2016 but worked from January until August of this year with a good position, but have been searching since then.So I should be waiting for networking conferences then and looking for opportunities that path, offered through my university perhaps.
I will keep your advice in mind.I'm still highly, highly considering just going to teach abroad instead though.
With my background, I can teach something like high school mathematics abroad or work my way up through that system if I stuck with it for slightly higher pay.
It just doesn't compare to working as an actuary, which is what I was doing, but the option is looking better and better every day.
So basically I need to try and take full advantage of my university and start learning to network as much as I can.
I will try.Still keeping teaching, which I'm now certified to do, as a backup though.
It's shitty.
HR are the gatekeepers of a company.
Some advice I'll never forget is that the best strategy is to jump over the gate.
Find a manager, an executive, a senior who can give you a referral and push you through the HR bullshit gauntlet and get you an interview.HR doesn't know shit (usually), they look for cookie cutter applicants that perfectly fit the recruiting profile.
It's because they're extremely risk averse and any candidate that even slightly deviates from what they've been told is an ideal recruit is a liability in their mind.
One piece of advice you typically here is never send the same resume twice.
What that actually means is you should make your resume a perfect fit for the job description.
That means fudging the dates a little bit and maybe excluding some stuff you did.
For example, I knew a person who did Health, Safety, Environmental reporting for 6 years, without a degree.
It was impossible for this person to find an entry level engineering job after graduating, because they literally said, "you have an unconventional background for this position".
She changed the "4 years" to 1 year, and started getting interviews.
Yeah, it's that stupid.
Also, I want to add.
HR is only out for themselves.
You will eventually be contacted by HR.
They will sound interested in you.
And you'll never hear from them again until 2 months later you get the canned "Thank you for your interest" email.
They have quotas to fill, so they put you in the "I've been doing my job, here's a candidate I contacted" pile and throw you away after they recruit joe-schmo who lives across the street from the VP.
4509348I've gotten those emails a lot.
I see.With acturies, I have had trouble contacting someone on the inside and even tried LinkedIn's Premium thing for a month to send people InMail messages, but nobody seems to respond to those.
After doing that to about 7 companies and never getting a response, it seems people were ignoring them and so I stopped.It's difficult to find emails of people working in a company.
I will try through the alumni network website from my university though.Thanks for the advice.
Bachelor of Information Systems.
3 year degree.
After 5 years at a big 4 consulting firm (not hard to get into), I'm contracting for 200k/year as a Senior IT Security BA ($900/day at a government agency)
Big 4 consulting firm (not hard to get into)I worked in an actuarial consulting firm with a degree in mathematics.
Do I have a shot and should I simply go on the company's websites and apply?
And email the alumni I can find from my school who work there.
?
best job (in terms of pay per hour) with or wihout any degree is programming currently.
there is huge lack still, young programmers already make 3-4x the doctors make with 15 years of job experience lolyou have to understand there is basically no demand for most traditional jobs in the western world.
only tech related jobs and nursing/elderly healthcare are required atm
Best wagecuck jobs with a bachelors are some business or STEM position.
young programmers already make 3-4x the doctors make with 15 years of job experience lolThe average MDs salary is like 200k.
Programmers do not make 800k a year, even in The Valley
I've applied for computer science to the major universities in my province, and I need your opinion: comp sci or bust?
4508815okdang bro, for a second I was enthused about pharmacybut I'm getting conflicting info about how much school you needI found a link that said you just need a bachelors, another one saying it takes 5-6 years of schooling, and then some pharmacist who says it takes 6-8.
Pharmacy school is 3-4 years after undergrad
Same, EE major here with a job offer starting at 78k and i won't graduate till fall 2018.
Feels good but im still searching for better offers if i can.
>all these brainchad engineersWhat the fuck are the rest of us supposed to do?
CIS?
CS?
What the hell else is good besides engineering
ahh fuck it then matei think between automation and society waking up to the fact that it's vastly overmedicated, there could be downsizing on the horizon for the pharmacy people anyway
Doing well in college is based on how hard you study.
Don't pick a job based solely on salary unless it pays an enormous amount or you will be miserable.
You could get a research gig if you go to a nonmeme pharmacy school
I am going to ignore the stereotype of English teachers in foreign countries and just go teach.
The pay is mediocre but it's fun, easy, and I already make a lot of money day-trading so money isn't a problem.
I just feel like that's the best option for me now.
That is the entire point of getting wealthy.
So you can do whatever the fuck you want without having to worry about money.
Good for you
well that would still require  years in school plus i'm guessing its "pros" list isn't as strong as the one for pharmacist
How much experience do you have?
I started at a big 4 (PwC, Deloitte, EY, KPMG) in the graduate program.
You'll be worked hard and paid shit, but the reward once you leave is amazing.
Any company will hire you with the experience you gain during those years.
Just make sure to get into a good service line, e.g.
Consulting, cyber security etc.
I have a real love for this other country because I spent a while living there, met my wife there, earned a minor studying it, learned the language, etc., but I can't seem to get a job that isn't teaching or manual labor there either because right now I'm a foreigner.
If I can get past the low pay and the fact that most teachers abroad are kind of dumb (unable to get jobs in their own countries), I know I would enjoy that more than anything here.Well I was only at the actuarial firm for about 9 months.
I will consider applying definitely.
Like I said before, I haven't had many people return my emails or review my applications.
Man makes me feel better about myself.
2016 grad.
Making 48k in healthcare (36 after fucking taxes)
I was making about 70k before taxes fresh out of graduation for 9 months in actuarial consulting, then lost that job, and now haven't been able to find any job for 3.5 months since then.
I feel like I just had such an amazing opportunity and lost it and haven't been able to find it again since then.If it's alright to ask, what position are you and how did you get that position?
>BADon't, get a AD.People will scoop you up as soon as you set foot ouside of school.
BAs struggle to find jobs
ok, could you rec some AD jobs?or is this a troll postI am so uneducated I can't tell
ay bruh hold up everyone in this thread talking about jobs that require bachelors of scienceso why the fuck you come in here saying>BAfor?
tfw my math degree is a bachelor of arts
for real?Idk what a BA is brobut I googled it after i saw his post and it saidBachelor of Arts degrees are commonly offered in fields like English, art, music, modern languages and communication.Bachelor of Science degrees are usually offered in technical and scientific areas like computer science, nursing, mathematics, biochemistry, and physics.why is your math degree BA?
I have no idea and there's a sense of frustration thinking about it because I worked just as hard as any bachelor of science alumni lol.Apparently Applied Mathematics was the Bachelor of Science and just Mathematics, my degree, was a Bachelor of Arts.
It kind of makes sense, I guess, since I studied pure mathematics, as opposed to engineering, but it's still retarded because there's a huge difference in rigor between my math degree and someone who studied just English and Music.
UPenn's the school.
anything math related
I'm surprised that you decided to do pure math undergrad and then actuarial science basically on the side.
If I had to guess I'd say that that is what's keeping you down.
If you have lots of financial modelling experience though you could try applying to Wall Street quant stuff.
Do not major in math it's a trap!The truth is you basically have to become a teacher or spent your life in job application purgatory hell!AHHHHHHHHHHHHH!
Also, don't go teaching abroad.
It's an absolute dead-end job, and will get you exactly nowhere.
It's not even like teaching in a Western country, where your career can advance while intellectually you stagnate.
There is no job progression in teaching English overseas.
I love math and always did but sometime during my junior year I realized that I didn't want to become a professor and I didn't want to spend my life researching this field, so I looked into actuarial science as application for everything I had learned, started taking actuarial courses and passing exams my junior year, got married my last semester of college senior year and tried to become an actuary.
And it worked for about 9 months and I started studying finance more and seeing how fast I could make money with crypto on /biz/, although unrelated, became my motivation to study.I actually had a lot of interviews for internships at Wall Street quant firms but ultimately the positions always went to people who had majored in finance from Wharton whereas I was only in the general University of Pennsylvania college.Ultimately though my plan was to just go abroad and teach, until I met my wife and realized I needed to have a real career that could sustain us.
But the longer I'm unable to get one of those jobs, the more appealing just going abroad to do that seems to become.
I was thinking that at the very least I could just keep taking actuarial exams and studying that field while I'm abroad, since they offer the tests abroad, and then eventually apply again more when I have time.
I just feel unproductive being unemployed that it really bothers me and I feel like I need to do something, anything at all.
I could teach AP math to high school overseas though.
But really what other options do I have, given that I'm married?My wife and her family are all from the country that I would be teaching in, and her family lives there.
All I ever wanted really was to move there with them, but I had hoped to make enough money in the US first to go and do that comfortably.
I was also planning to keep studying for my actuarial exams while I'm there, passing a few more to prepare, and day-trade for more money as I do now.I know there's almost no career progression in that field but I just don't see what else I can do.
What other options do I have?
I know how you feel.
I even got a masters in an engineering field before realising that I absolutely hate it.
No idea what I'll do in life, but oh well.There's really not much else you can do except keep applying.
Maybe quant firms outside of NY, like in Chicago or Boston.
There are certain jobs out there that are the golden ticket to wealth and success, and everything else is just a dead-end meal ticket that shrinks every year as inflation closes in.
The conclusion I've reached personally is that there are no other options, really.
Unless you learn how to code, the only guaranteed paths to success now are business, finance, and software - and software is getting worse over time for various reasons.
University STEM education is something of a trap, sadly.
Successful people do.Unsuccessful people teach.
hey bro, I am seriously considering engineering right now, but getting the degree and then realizing that i hate it is exactly what I'm worried abouthow can i tell if i'm going to hate it bro?
mathMaths (+Stats) and CS master race reporting
The main question is whether you like math, and doing it for a lot of your professional career.
I did chemical engineering, so there's your context.Engineering is fundamentally all about math.
Engineering jobs are also mainly about math.
Imagine having to size boilers for two decades, and getting paid a decent amount of money that still isn't really enough to make you really comfortable.
However, if you look for engineering jobs you'll find that there actually aren't that many out there.
If you're smart enough to get into engineering but also a decent well-adjusted person, I would recommend aiming for a top-level business school instead.
Going for a CS minor btw, but honestly considering philosophy cuz I'll just pimp out my github instead and I like math and philosophy because you learn to think well in a broader view
You're wasting your time if you're not getting good summer internships.
Don't forget that.
I'm not him but my advice is to choose the job before the degree.
Go look for jobs and companies and talk with them if you can and know exactly what qualifications will get you that job.
Know what internships to look for, what to major in, what extra-curricular activities to do, all that, and then just do that.
You can change your mind if you realize in an internship that you don't want that job anymore, but my point is to pick the specific job and position you want first and then get your degree and study with that in mind.Don't be like me and choose math because you have some vague dream of becoming a professor who studies math all day and think it's an interesting field.It's just my opinion though so maybe the engineer can help you better.
Well I love teaching.
I have always loved teaching and I want to live in the country where I would teach.
I think I could take a different path later in life but right now I feel useless and this is a way out.4512499This is exactly what I was advising against though.
I wanted to do math and philosophy because I thought it would teach me to think certain ways, think broadly, etc.If you do not have the SPECIFIC position and job in mind that you want to do after college, and are not already talking to employers in that role and doing exactly what you need to get that position, then you will be disappointed when you graduate or find yourself trying to adapt and learn necessities for a field.
I deeply regret majoring in something that taught me everything I wanted to know without knowing exactly how I was going to earn money with it after college from day one.Now I could study math and philosophy all day if I want to and learn everything about it, even take courses in it if I want, but I can't apply my major (math) to jobs that I want.
4512499I really with colleges emphasized "choose the position and job you want and THEN find the specific courses you need to succeed in it" instead of "choose your major based on what you want to learn deeply about, something that excites you and inspires you to study it.
"You can study everything in the world after you graduate and it's still just as easy to watch lectures or even meet top level experts in the fields if you're dedicated to doing that.
But whatever you major is what you're stuck introducing yourself as in every job unless you go get another degree, so just pick the one that makes you money/gets you the job you can bear.
I am a program manager.
I got the position because its back in my home town, and everyone knows me.
So i acknowledge I'm in a different situation than most people.
Its not a bad gig, kinda stressful at times.
Im also on call all the time, but that's okay.
How did you lose the job?
4512469I really with colleges emphasized "choose the position and job you want and THEN find the specific courses you need to succeed in it" instead of "choose your major based on what you want to learn deeply about, something that excites you and inspires you to study it.
">You can study everything in the world after you graduate and it's still just as easy to watch lectures or even meet top level experts in the fields if you're dedicated to doing that.
But whatever you major is what you're stuck introducing yourself as in every job unless you go get another degree, so just pick the one that makes you money/gets you the job you can bear.I agree.
The problem is, how is someone supposed to pick courses for a position they want without ever having worked the position already or knowing someone who has?
You're literally just guessing that your picking the exact courses a job position will want.
I started noticing a lack of projects coming in, and I'm always the first to jump on new projects so when I talked to the principal for the office he said he didn't foresee any new work coming in for a while.
The difference between me and some of the higher up consultants is that as an analyst I worked on a lot of new projects, preparing data and generating scenario projections, while plenty of more experienced hires had projects that they alone would work on for years at a time with no need for my help.
So eventually the boss told me that he didn't foresee any new projects coming in this year and that for that reason there was no longer a good justification to keep me on the team.
And honestly I would prefer a job, any kind of job, where I can see the results of my work.
Seeing something I've accomplished is what motivates me to continue and I didn't often get to see that simply generating scenario projections for some client firms thousands of miles away.
I would take this for lower pay over my old job any day.I am willing to relocate.
I get that everyone knew you back in your hometown, but how specifically did you make the jump to getting the position?
Just by asking people that you know, or was it offered to you before you applied?
No you're not at all.
Pretend you just graduated and need to find a job.
Go through the steps you would take to do that...Go look online at the job you want.
Find specific job openings and look at the qualifications.
Go to job fairs if you can and talk to people in the field and tell them where you are as a student and ask them what you can do to get that job.
Go to the career center and ask them what courses you need for the position.
Email alumni from your university who work in the specific companies you want to work in and ask them what classes you need to get the same job as them.
There are limitless resources for this.If you're still a student, and even better if you're within your first 2 years, do this like crazy and get internships because it feels like that's all you have when you graduate.
Somebody dropped out of engineering and went for business
What do you mean there aren't many jobs.
Sure if you go civil engineering you may be shit out of luck but I just graduated in May and had 4 job offers 3 months before I was done and I accepted a job at 80K right out of school in Michigan in the metro Detroit area.
If you go Electrical Engineering people throw money and jobs at you for your education.
I get emails from LinkedIn all the time from fortune 500 companies.
Also I went to a shitty small no name school and had lackluster GPA (3.2) to say there is not jobs available for Engineering is rediculous.
your resume does sounds absolutely stacked.
do you have any idea of where you're falling short?
Do you have trouble with interviews?
Are you a full-blown autist?
you graduated with a bs or masters?
i like mathI don't know whether I like doing it a lot for a professional careerI don't even know if I'm smart enough, quite franklybut that's something I won't know till I try I supposeBut in any case, why do you rec the business route, if your complaint is that engineering is tediously math oriented, isn't business the same deal?
My interview skills are fine.
In fact I had my first interview in months today and it went great, but it's not for a position I want (it's in real estate).
I have not gotten many interviews at all.
I am not sure why other than perhaps I simply haven't applied enough and I've applied mostly online.
My emails to alumni and trying to reach out to people are mostly being ignored.
I've also worked with actuarial recruiters but they have basically sent out my information and then said "looks like nobody is hiring at the entry level now.
We'll try again in a month."
I majored in math.
Please see  if you're still a student.
I have applied for lots of financial analyst and actuarial jobs and the problem is that I'm just not getting many interviews.
I think my resume really is good though, not to brag about it but I'm confident in it.
I'm starting to think I don't know how to find where the jobs really are, because generic job sites aren't really helping.
The guy above said to network more while others say networking isn't really for entry level at all.
I just need to know where to apply more, essentially.
Right now I've applied around but nobody seems to respond.
Then again, I haven't applied that much either because I was preparing in case I go abroad to teach or writing cover letters for each application.
Bro linked in is the shit for that, make the profile nice.
Take a nice head shot in ur best suit, power tie and mean look like il rip ur fuckin throat out, slick your hair straight back and get a contrast white collar with the baby blue shirt.
Boost the fuck out your stats on linkedin
No.
yeah broyou took the exact opposite approach of me, i've been following your posts ITTI have the exact opposite problem, I've been going back and forth, I've bounced back and forth between physics, programming, molecular biology, genetic counseling, engineering, real estate, making threads about all type of nonsense trying to figure out what path I want to take before I make any moves.But I feel I am fairly close to making a decision now, I should start making moves before the end of the year.The thing is I really don't like the idea of being trapped in one profession for the rest of my life.
It's such a weird concept to me.
I understand why it is that way, but god damn it seems like a recipe to blow my brains out.
Really I just wish I could do whatever the fuck I want and not worry about money, or have an annual job switch between 3 different jobs, rotating every 3 years or so, because there is plenty of things I'm passionate about, but there's nothing I would enjoy serving a life sentence for.
What country?
My LinkedIn is decent but ok.
I really did update it and I get messages on it from recruiters, but it usually leads to them sending my resume out to companies and then they don't seem to want to hire right now.
I have tried sending messages to people in companies I've applied for to try and start a conversation about their work but they don't respond.
Yeah man this is me as well.
I'm terrified of the commitment and being tied down.
It's like prison even though you're getting paid.
Bachelor's
South Korea.
I am a US citizen and in the US now though.>inb4 no you don't want to work in South Korea it sucksI know what I'm getting into.
I've worked and lived there before, am fully aware of all the problems with the country and how it's not perfect, and how I respond to it.
Ah okay I feel you.
Also I'm not sure on your scenario but it helps if you're in the financial capital of your country for this work.
like if you're in Germany it'd be best to live in Frankfurt or if in UK, London etc.
Interesting, never been there but would be fun I'm sure.
Banking and finance maybe if you live in Seoul?
I completely understand what you mean.
I was really well-rounded in college and tried a little of everything.
I hated the idea of being tied down to a job after college too, and I thought math would make me well-rounded and give me the problem solving skills to be able to adapt to most jobs out there.But looking back, all I can think is>Why didn't anyone just force me to be a doctor or lawyer or something?
I was certainly smart enough..But anyway my sincere advice is like I said above, to choose a position that you can rely on to make you money and then just do whatever it takes to get that position like a crazy person.
Email everyone who's in that position and tell them your intentions and your progress and all that.Even just as a fallback in case something better doesn't work out.
I mean really try to imagine what it's like to live in an apartment already graduated knowing you need a job now, a part time job in customer service isn't good enough, and your savings are running out.
What are you going to do?
Prepare for that now and then when some better opportunity comes along, take it.
(Then be a frugal asshole who doesn't spend a cent of his paycheck despite being married and try to retire as young as you possibly can so you can start doing whatever you want, but maybe that's just me)
4513772Yeah hit up the kospi and kosdaq, tell those gooks ur an actuary pro.
Just keep saying "I am numba 1 anaryst" u get job ez in no time
business is easy money.
All my friends who I thought would go into engineering/medicine, went straight into a business/finance/accounting.
easy degree, easy money
what was your concentration?
I want to major in ee but dont have a passion for it, jsut want money
I see.
I'm on the east coast of the US, so it can be helpful as an actuary.
That's a good thing for me to keep in mind though, thank you.Possibly.
That would be ideal for me.
I mean as a foreigner I can't find any jobs outside of teaching and manual labor in Korea right now, and I have tried.
But I am fluent in Korean.
After a year of teaching there I should have a permanent resident visa because of my Korean wife and that might open up some real doors for me.That's really all I want in life.
A job in Korea that's not teaching.
That's all I ever wanted.
lol that post was in reply to me broi still don't get why you suggest to take business over engineering
if you want money then do business or law
I taught myself Korean for like 5 hours a day for about 5 years and married a Korean, so I can speak to them.
After some time teaching in Korea, I'll have a permanent resident visa too.If it's even possible for me to get a job in Korea that's not teaching or manual labor (I have looked desperately for one for foreigners and can't find a single one) then I would be so happy.
That would genuinely fulfill my life.Banking would be perfect.
And I am familiar with the Kospi and Kosdaq.
I went to UPenn, so that might skew my view a bit because I see the business majors as young billionaires.
But I didn't mean to imply that business > engineering.
I just meant that you should get to know exactly what your road plan is after you graduate and consider the major only a small step in that.
Hmm.But this doesn't really address the problem of being tied down, just the problem of not getting a job, which I think I have under control, or at least as under control as is possible.
Nursing.
Get paid 6 figures in California
preachok gotcha
That's pretty cool, so since you're fluent I believe they'll have a use for you as a foreigner who can speak.
Hopefully you're in Seoul, I'd say forget the actuarial shit and stuff for the main goal, for now, (rely on it heavily as experience) and get a series 7 equivalent.
Or whatever Korean securities complaince course they have that's beginner.
Like a stock broker licence equivalent, in Canada irts the Canadian securities course, etc.
Whatever teaches you regulation and basic shit, maybe u don't even need this but it can help get ur foot in the door easier if they see ur registered investment rep in korea.
Hit up their capital market departments, whatever big banks and exchanges, find the kospi and kosdaqs clearing houses and settlement departments for compliance jobs relating to foreign investors (cause u might have to talk to some other white mens about investing in Korean stocks) and their front office Jobs.
Especially dealing with foreign investors and FDI.
Like who better to guide a foreign white rich guy looking to set up a won account in Korea to buy loads of Samsung and Hyundai stocks or whatever, than a other white guy who speaks Korean and is an expat, familiar and licensed in their investment environment.
I'd bet you'd have an easier time finding jobs In these departments trustt
Very good information for me.
I'll save what you wrote, thank you.
I might be going as a teacher as a way of getting back into the country while I get my permanent resident visa there in Korea but I will certainly try doing this while teaching and then when whatever annual contract I have as a teacher runs out I will take some time to do this instead if I can.
Thanks.
real estate in high market areas, wife has a degree in liberal arts and is an executive at a large bank, makes well over 6 figures.
downside is that you do need a lot of the certifications and designations
wife has one and she makes over 6 figures, works for a bank though
GI doesn't but Vocational Rehab covers grad school
No problem man, aha and if you find a nice job in that area who knows, maybe you may not return to teaching or something else because the pay is too good.
You should look up what the salaries are like boys down at city and kb pull like 70m won ez on first few yrs thats decent
wasting 4 years of your young life and tens of thousands of your future dollars or parents money to prove your competencei want to kill myself
Unless you get an explicit professional degree, that is exactly what you do.
I'll check it out.
That's about what I made with my old job so it would be nice.I think I should get my F visa first for Korea, which will take some time and I can teach for a year but that's the ultimate goal.
Once I pass the highest fluency test for Korean (TOPIK), which I should very soon, and I'll try to get the certifications necessary for those positions, I should be all set to start applying and try to move out of teaching there.I think that's really all I've wanted for the past 7 years at least.
You'll get it bro good on u god speed
y tech related jobs and nursing/elderly healthcare are required atm>>>> Anonymous (ID: y1vsIZY7) 11/22/17(Wed)16:40:51 No.4509909▶ (OP)>Best wagecuck jobs with a bachelors are some business or STEM position.Federal Consulting?
Seems very high unless your contracting on your own with no overhead.
Accountants, most corporatecuck, finance, and STEM positions start in the 50-70k range which would be considered "good" for a bachelors degree without significant connections.
Obviously there are adjustments for COL.