>the morning commute
Da Pondering Suicide Commute
1 and a half hour for meAlready getting suicidal thoughts
tfw I was born and raised in the outskirts of a large city and do this everyday since I can remember.
Listen to this during your next one:https://youtu.be/8BBEZ_T_3OYIt calms me down and takes me back to my childhood.
>tfw neet>tfw 21 btclol@u
Went to the gas station to get some munchies and didn't realize it was 5 so all the dam wage cucks were there shitting up the place my alts better fucking bounce soon or im fukt
Listen to opie and anthony divorce clipsIt helps and teaches life lessons
Mfw 2 hrsYou merely adopted the commute...I was born in it.
Molded by it... didn’t see a sub 30 min commute until I was already a man...
listen to podcasts man :)
>life
Kek
coping
I bicycle 10+ miles daily for my commute
where you live anon?
nigger buy a fucking carif it helps you stay later at work do it it's worth it
Not enjoying your morning commute as time to stare blankly into space with no distractions.It's honestly my favorite part of the day.
At least you get your body moving.
That's a healthy commute.
I know that feel.
Sometimes I forget to check the time and I get stuck in their traffic.I didn't realize we all set our clocks back and I went to get food because it was dark..
Right in the middle of rusg our apparently.
It was awful.
I drive 25 minutes down a beautiful winding mountain road and on a simple single lane highway surrounded by calming scenery.
People tend to drive a bit quick, so it's rare to get stuck behind someone going under the limit.
All in all, my commute is great.
A little time to unwind and look at the world a little.I work as a software developer.You can get good jobs outside of major shithole cities.
where at?
1 and a half hours here.
I think about blowing my fucking head off regularly.
I just started taking weed to calm me down.
It works but I hate resorting to drugs.
It's the only thing that has allowed me to cope so far
Nice.
>need to drive 10 minutes by bus to get to work>think its way too fucking long>people actually drive 2 hours to work somewhere in the world wew lad
Getting to work in the morning takes 20 minutes, but getting home can take up to an hour due to traffic, and I'm a mere 5 miles from the office.
Los Angeles is rough.
>the afternoon commute....is far worse.
Mines like 10 minutes and I live at home with my loving mommy
What's up, 10 minute brother?Isn't all the extra free time great?
It adds up so quickly.
New England.
I hope you like snow.
tfw my workplace is a five minute drive from my house
15 min commute to cushy desk job where i listen to music all day and check crypto inbetween actual work
LA... as soon as I make it, I’m buying a farm out in the country... I’m sick of this “multicultural utopia”... hell on earth
Get a motorcycle.
Fuck all the freeways leading out of LA past 1:30.I go to CSULA and getting a motorcycle was the best decision ever.
I'm no longer depressed leaving class.
5 minutes to get to work in the morning10 minutes to get back if traffic is badI often go home during lunch, browse 4chan and fap.
I'll even take longer than 1 hour most of the time since no one gives a fuck.
Considering getting a dog that I could chill with during lunch every day.It's pretty great.
My gym is even  min to my work.
Not to mention that I live in a beautiful town in CA wine country.
15 minute commute.
And live In one of the comfiest neighborhoods in the citySounds amazing until you realize my work hours are 11pm-7am so basically everyone is sleeping when I leave and traffic is to the city not suburbs in the AM
>Go by train>Dim screen and hold phone closer so no one sees me browsing /biz/I'm literally ashamed to hang out here
 minute casual walk to subway station from home minute subway ride through 3 stations>work ~7 hours>no need to worry about being late or leaving too early
neat, where you live and work?
pathetic.
Spent the last few years working toward a passion project business with some other folks.
Opened this spring.
Going to quit very soon.
They sucked the soul out of it.
Going to do a tiny amount of free lancing to supplement my staking gains and become a basement dwelling musician/coffee roaster.
Fuck trading my time for things I can't be excited about.
Also, fuck buying anything ever
 hr commute for work I could do from home over VPNJUST
Kek faggot, my jobs a 5 minute walk to the BP down the street from my house, must suck having to drive 2 hours to your job faggot
taking weed fucking kek why do you worry about resorting to drugs, especially when were talking weed?
There's a lot worse shit you could be doing than smoking weed, and if it helps without being detrimental to your life then fuck it.
have 7€/hr 20hr/week "job" I can do from home>friends all think it's awesome because of all that free time>spend a lot of time blankly staring out the balcony>feel less rested than if I slept 6h and then dozed off in the morning commute despite sleeping in>can't bring myself to read for long if I'm not sitting in a train>have very little spare money to invest>can't quit since it's actually a rock solid government contract and not a real job
>Have my own car.>Drive only 15minutes to work.>Even get travel allowance.My GF's dad used to drive 8 hours in total a day just to get to work, he was director of some big internet company, craziest travel time i know so far.