Notice anything about this pattern anon?
30% jump coming right up
Heavy manipulation.
The patterns are identical Jesus.
Heard rumors about a pump tonight at 10 PM though
Uncannily identical.
order book is going insane as well
Shit it's taken off already
wew lad hold on
those jumps were related to forks/non-forks
This is being pumped.
There's a pump going on in a discord group targeted on Bittrex.
Guarantee you they picked this to make it look organic.
Correct.
but check it out now, she's off
invite to discord group pls
LETS GOOOOOOOOO!!
jeez that jump feels great
I'm not in it because the admin's a Pajeet and very aggressive.
I wouldn't advise joining but there's link around in catalog.
Apparently it's a 1-2 day hold but you didn't hear that from me.
who else /comfy/?
WHEN DO I SELL?7K?
8k?
10k?
TY
I wanna know too.
Could it be that it will go even higher because people are sick of this btc bullshit
ONLY SELL @ 10$ (which is just around the corner)
right here
70K - +10% in 15min this is too good
this was my original plan back in october, but I can see tonight, all the way into mid-week, being a legandary pump.
Might sell half at the peaks, and rebuy in the valleys
Ahhhh easy money yes yes
everything going exactly as planned :-)
When are you selling?
I always mess this step up aaaaaa
why would you sell?
it's showing no signs of slowing down
We going to 80k
aw yissss
it will correct sooner or later, I want to make use of the swing and buy more coins
IMO wait a little before selling, see where this goes
You missed the sell at 72k lol.
gg bye bye
every time ;_;
wow it was stable for a few days during a btc correction, surely this means it will continue to moon
that was a fakeout we are about to moon.
I agree with this guy even though I always overhold, I think this will last with how wild the markets being.Maybe we'll get a flippening after all, VTC > LTC :-)
4330483Might as well, been holding it for a while now.
But I would love to have more coins.
Only sitting at 150 atm
i sold at 70k and will buy again at 64kbut why that pump?
where does it come from?
check again
Guys apparently this isn't the pump.
I seen someone post a screenshot from the group and they were pumping Monaco.
So I don't know, maybe this VTC pump is organic?
Be careful regardless.
bch hodlers jumping ship?set several incremental sells, try one at 74k for 5% of what u have, another at 77k for15%, etc, but make sure to buy te dip
organicthis pump.. organic..
Well it's a bit weird that there was a planned pump on bittrex and it happened on Monaco instead, so who the hell pumped this at the same time?
VTC post got to page 5 of r/all on reddit1500 new subscribers to the subreddit today, more than triple the previous best.BCH/BTC shenanigans boiling down to the asic miners, people are looking for a true decentralized honest coin and VTC has been it for years.If it breaks 7.25, it will go to 12-14Set your sell orders there, and rebuy at 8-10.That's where the new floor will be.
It could be that it just really takes off if it gains widespread exposure.
I read an analysis written by a boomer that it could go to 8k (lmao).Anyways, I posted about this earlier today and it did exactly what I thought it was going to do.
I mean you don't have to get the top of the peak.
Just have a sell range in mind (percentage wise) based on TA.
If you bought at 60k and sold at 69k that's a really good percentage.
Since VTC goes up and down quite consistently as of late, you can safely re-buy a dip at 62-63k and then sell again when it goes back up over 65k.The important thing is you're in already.
VTC is a great investment.
But I wanted to buy the dip :(
bch hodlers jumping ship?i hope not yet man
>buying a ching chong scamcoin
vertcoin is developed here in the usa , buccoat MIT of all places
it's happening?
looks exactly like the OMG chart, but OMG has no pump (yet?)
Strap your seatbelts
Why won't it break 73k?
sold at 72,500planning on buying back in at 63
if it follows the pattern it willsoon
if it follows the pattern it willimplying you have a fucking clue what happens there.. you are a first class cuck my friend..let the bots dissappear and we will soon at 65k again
It's not Chinese ritard...it's Thailand.