Bitcoin broke it's resistance for long direction, 6400 probably a new floor, get in there fags.
FUCK
Is it a good idea to sell all alts including BCH now for BTC?
I think you mean get out, OP
Bitcoin is doing better than usually even with clogged Blockchain.>Bitcoin is doing better than usually even despite all this shitstorm.>I'll better leave now!It there was ever going to be a practical proof of work, this is it.
As soon as blockchain chews through the spam the value is going to skyrocket.
i sold BCH 4 hours ago, over-shilled shitcoin.
where the fuck do you even get these fake graphs from??
?Bitcoin is collapsing as I type you fucking faggot
thanks for dumping, Im watching it climb to 3k fag boy
explain faggot oh yeah that's right you fucking cant because your talking with your ass cheeks
Pretending everything will be fine when the spam clears>Pretending Bitcoin can feasibly grow at these fees and delays
4306060no need to get defensive anons, im sure your magic coin will moon perennially amirite.
anons>s
Well it went to 6450 now, which is another short-term resistance level.
Next stop will probably be around 6700.
If it reaches 6700, then it's going straight up - that's where it ranged the most during falling.
Yeah get in line with the other backed up 100k txs and hope you get your BTC by next week so you can sell it ASAP at $4k before it falls further.
Great plan OP.
Do you really think Koreans will pay you with their 50% share of the artificially pumped market when they've already profited enough?Don't you remember the last BCH pump and dump?Bitcoin went through similar shit many times already and always recovered.
Which is something that no altcoin ever did.
You bought the ATH, didn't you?
I don't know of any time when half the hashrate left bitcoin for any other coin.
Ever.
Closed my short position, looks like its going up now.
Going LOOOOOOONG.
Actually at $1400, sold at $7100.
I'm looking for a dip and I believe it's behind us already, although I'm waiting for 6700$ to buy back again, just to be safe.
If BTC won't reach it, I'll just wait for better opportunities in the future.
The bear trend will continue for probably another 28 hours, when the BCH difficulty increases by a factor of 5.
Until then, BCH pays $404,751 in block rewards to every $117,088 in block rewards, so it has more incentives for miners to mine it.
The two coins are approaching parity in hashrate again, and all this is before mentioning the attacks on BTC's mempool, which could persist forever, or at least will be used as an argument for BCH's superiority for a while.
and all this is before mentioning the attacks on BTC's mempool, which could persist forever, or at least will be used as an argument for BCH's superiority for a while.The updated Core is already running on 30% of Nodes, in 24 hours it's probably going to be 80-85% which should be enough to stop the ddos.
Implying 6400 is even a resistance.No, the BTC is just so weak at the moment it can barely move above it or above anything really.
What is more interesting is the 6200 support.
If it breaks it.. oh boy, prepare for the plunge.
4306546Thanks bros for the info.
The updated Core is already running on 30% of Nodes, in 24 hours it's probably going to be 80-85% which should be enough to stop the ddos.Where'd you find your number?
And what are the features of the update?
A blacklist or something?reddish IDI help out of pity
The only reason this shitcoin has any value is that it's so slow to move that people can't dump theirs yet.
https://bitnodes.earn.com/nodes/?q=Satoshi:0.15.1Satanic quads!
But is Satan telling the truth?>No.Actually most of the transactions stuck in Blockchain are buying, not selling.