What coin is most likely to be the largest market share and leader in 5 years?
bitcoin
unironically FuckToken
Ripple.
this.
BTC, IOTA and maybe ETH top 3
also bat and maybe link/eth?
I might be deluded at this point from browsing bizdont hld any of those, only btc
because it's funded by (((Google)))?
ETH>Top 3 in 2022
ETP, biggest functionality in the digital era, coupled with capable management and a business minded CEO.
Anonymous (ID: AQLg9ZM6) 11/07/17(Tue)23:39:54 No.4243336▶ (OP)>ETP, biggest functionality in the digital era, coupled with capable management and a business minded CEO.and yet all the major financial institutes are experimenting with Ripple
Imagine being her and crying next to the car and someone tells you that your husband is actually in the car two cars down
mind blown
I know right
KEK
USD
 implying Chinkland isn't going to BTFO out of the USD
literally ARK
RDN
http://uk.businessinsider.com/deutsche-bank-end-of-fiat-money-2017-11?IR=T
Good article, thanks for sharing.
We need more real information on /biz/.
The altboom fucked this place up good.
There's nothing but pajeets spouting buzzwords>mfw it goes so deep even the term pajeet is a buzzword
Ethereum will remain the market leader in 5 years dude.
I was just talking about this with a friend that works for the department of state, he wasn't very keen on crypto, but we agreed that a sure bet is investing in real estate in major african cities, there's where economic growth will be in the next decades, sadly wealthy people are already aware of this and real estate prices are quite high now, but I'm still looking for good opportunities in major african cities where blockchain land registry will catch on soon.
Ghana is a sure bet.
BTC as a store of value, ETH for transactionsprobably ETH
remain
I will safely say a lot here would like it to be NULS !
Chinese shitcoin back down to pre pp prices.
It didn't even pump that well
btc as a store of value>not the largest market capitalisation
LINK
iota
VERTCOIN
Hard to saybut I think Monero, OmiseGo, Komodo and LISK will be big gainers these next 5 years
ikr, once it gains some traction shit is just going to fucking explode, its actually quite terrifying how much of an effect it could have on the world as we know it