Please tell me what to do with my bitcoin.
Been hodling through this nightmare and it's starting to take its toll on me.
I can't sleep.
But after hodling for so long it seems a shame to pussy out now.
you can sleep well again if you buy the real bitcoin
Don't sell in a dump
If you've been hodling since before August, then keep holding as your coins are good whichever side wins
i love all the suffering btc fags get they were acting like gods when the fork was about to happen and now they cry like babys
do anything.
if you aren't going to sell it, stop fucking paying attention to the price!Who cares what the price is of something that isn't for sale??
?eventually it will be worth so much that you will be compelled to sell it.
but if you keep focusing on how much it's worth NOW that day will never come.
Or it will come and you wont have your bitcoin any more.
If the price is above your buy-in price, you should always sell during a dump.
I sold when it maxed, should I buy the dip?
REVENGE OF THE ALTLORDS
no you should be buying back at that point.
if you are risk averse then just proportionally invest in both btc and bth so you can't lose.if youre a gambler pick 1 side or the other
people like this don't have much invested...anyone who has a serious stack doesn't ask random strangers for financial advice.
do whatever you want, op, but quit asking people to hold your hand and tell you what to do with your money...that's insane.
buy more BTC LOLcorecucking faggots
Buy Tethers!
buying without sellingwhat did you mean by this
IT KEEPS GOING DOWN WHAT THE FUCK DAMMIT!!!!!???!?!!??
Should've sold in the pump
lmao not shorting?
Enjoy that 20% loss
you were supossed to sell at the top,
 is the lowest it will go for the next couple of hours
Wait for a reversal.
I got baited by the first dip.
I only took a small bite tho.
Not gonna go all in until I have evidence of an uptrend.
This dip is unusual; very fast and strong, if it breaks 5k, all bets are off!
Just curious.
How will the current affairs affect those oldfags that still happen to hold the very old BTC from like 2013 or so?
Do they kind of own the both chains?
No one ever knows the top
Monero
Bitcoin will have some optimistic-looking upswings, but it's going to be at $5000 by end-of-day.
BTC is dropping, not crashing.
Just hold, trust me it will go back up, but it will go down more first.
Join this group https://discord.gg/Z3xRQJ