Today we are pumping OK cash to 7700 sats
Just got 70000 ok cash coin at 3700
Bag holding from Palm Beach Confidential I see?No chance you're pumping that, a million bag holders will dump any chance they get.
What about pbc?
It's looking good to me
Accumulate :-) to 7700 sats set sell at 10000sats
we are definitely we are definitely pumping okcash up to 7700 sats
Let's get it!
No I'm pretty serious that I put in 22 btcz earlier so don't fuck this up for me
Pump it all day
We will be pumping okcash all day today
Guys help us pump okcash
Once you see the dedication to pumping okcash you will see that you can top on board and make money with us
There's a lot of money to be made today pumping okcash
let's pump this niggercoin
Just put all i got!
Better moon
Get on the team or stay poor
Buying in.
Don't shill me bullshit anon
Well we reverse the downtrend by putting in a total of over 30 BTC over the last 8 hours so we should start seeing a real change and things on the upwards trend heading towards 10,000 sats
They should pump the 7700 satoshi's and then sell at 10,000 satoshi's
I'm having an okay kind of day :) we are up 500 sats in the last hour
Doesn't look good
We are going way past 4600 satoshi's though.
We will get 200 BTC put into this thing and I'm not fucking around either.
I'm still reluctant
Dumping like a bitch
Bro if 2000 ok cash is a lot to you then you need practice
3btc put in the last 30min we are really doing this
All in
Not a lot.
But still dumping like a bitch.
We have about four hours until America wakes up and starts Trading
So then it's pump city?
Why you lyyyin

Can you stop talking about .04 of a Bitcoin called dumping get a life
Stop saying I'm lying why don't you look at the fucking volume you fucking idiot come dumpster
Good job everyone 8 btc put in in the last hour
it's going up boys
8 Bitcoin just put in this shit is no Joke
in at 3900 hoping this doubles at least
By the end of today we will all have tons of money you can count on it
For anyone who says this thing isn't pumping you have to be crazy it's definitely pumping is Ben 10 BTC in the last 2 hours
Damn, it's pumping good.
Bought in at 3800.
I want to keep watching but I need to get a few hours of sleep.
Hope I don't get fucked in the meantime.
Good luck, anons.
Let's do the damn thing
This shit is strong today
Pump dis cunt
16 btc in the last 2 hours
1 btc.
lets go
Thanks for the wall lil dolphin
So much better than espers on yobit sirs!
Yes ok cash is definitely the pump for today
This is great this is going to be the pump for today I'm loving it
In the last 2 hours over 20 Bitcoin was put into okcash
We are crushing it everyone keep up the good work
2 Bitcoin in the last 20 minutes
looks good
1 btc 2 btc 3 btc OK
We are heading on up to 4000 boys
things are right on track and headed smoothly in the right direction
If you haven't already then buy some okcash and your audio mm or 9000 sets
Great job everyone keep up the good work
excellent work I've seen 40 BTC go into this in the last 2 hours
Today we are going to get we're very rich
lets GO up up and away
I have been day trading this since 6 a.m. and it just keeps going up this thing is probably going to 10,000 sats
I saw that
Up up and awayy we go
Damn, wish I'd caught wind of this earlier, I've had a pretty lame day.
Good work team
We are all getting rich how does it feel anon?
don't do itif there's a pump on /biz/it's a dump for whales
If I buy into this and it goes south, can I sue OP?
if you are jew yes
https://youtu.be/ZaI2IlHwmgQ
Feels good Papi
This IS the pump of reddit twitter and facebook for today
lel, people actually fall for this shit
guys......the pump is still on....right?..........guys?
you should have sold a couple hours ago alreadysorry
1660 sats in one day
Don't listen to these fucking morons the pump is still going on or not stopping until 7700 SATsThose people are just Rogue sellers that don't want us to succeed and I have news for them it's going to get worse next time every time you fuck with me it's going to get worse I'm going to take all your money so fuck you Die slow motherfucker I hope your motherfucking dies
Bullshit.
We're still rising.
looks like it might be starting.
also come join our new discord group.
had a very successful pump the last few days!https://discord.gg/7wnGQkt
pump more!
If you think this is good just wait for a couple of days from now with okcash 10000 SATs is nothing we haven't even begun to pump this
go for that 7700 sat!!!
just 100 more btc and we're there!
we can do it!
Golden smiphy is going to work with then again?!
That's cool
PUMP!
PUMP!
PUMP!
okhttps://discord.gg/K6Y3njR
Don't worry we're still following the up trend

Lovely times and guys I just heard today it's going to a dollar twenty this is just the start
It's official this is just the beginning now mad pump groups will pick this up and run with it for the next two weeks it's going to a dollar 20 or higher maybe $2.10 so everyone you're welcome first Target I'm getting out at 9 thousand however you guys should stay in until 20,000 SATs
Is it not happening anymore?
https://discord.
gg/tfCjzywe pump!
I'm in this discord and I don't see shit about pumping OK Cash.
I've been holding the fort for a couple hours now, LETS DO THIS
I'm in sinc and 4300, I wonder when signal groups are going to start signaling.