Most of /biz/ bought high, Im telling you to buy now.This was at 50 cents a few days ago, now 20 cents.>ETH co-founder lead advisor mill market cap>half ico priceThere is news in the next 48 hours confirmed in Telegram, speculation of APP release and partnerships.Possible Bittrex listing.
WORKING PRODUCT.Im nearly all in, anons, thank me later@Nasaaids -cryptogooberYour /biz/ twitter representative.
*tips fedora*
Telegram:T.me/creditprotocolcommunityarticle:https://seekingalpha.com/article/4126231-blockmason-credit-protocol-high-risk-high-reward-situationDYOR newfags, im trying to give back.. >easy 2-3x this week
Hmmm you have my attention anon.
Can anybody else redpill me?
Didn't sell at top of the pump because i m an idiot so i Hope this will at least 2x my investment again
which exchange?
Benance :-DD
Venmo type crypto app being released before thanksgiving.
Binance.
Yes, venmo app before thanksgivingWhen will /biz/ stop chasing greeen dildoes and get in early?This is a no brainer
What's the reason for the drop actually?
it actually looks legit but the way you shill this makes it seem trashmight gamble $200 because fuck it
This is dirt cheap right now, easy 300-400% jump with the upcoming app and partnerships launch.
Many have bought at ICO price and during the binance pump to 50c.
Weak hands are all fully out now, only strong hodlers remain.
Will not see see any resistance as this goes up.
Short term price is completely irrational.
Primary investor during ICO :Sti financial group in china has 5000 ETH worth of BCPT, Im guessing they are holding for a while.It is legit af dude, check my twitter if you dont believe me@nasaaids crypto goober.I get in early like with REQ, NULS, ENJ, TRIG, etc and that way you cant get dumped on my man./biz/ always fomos when the pump has already happened.
nice just bought 3k
Worth mentioning that this coin was Binance'd
i literally bought every dip, and i know it will go up, because i read their ehitepaper, its promising...
was roleplaying dude, enjoy the bags
BTC bull run plus binance was dumping the tokens they accumulated from ED before the listing.
I didn't just waste my money right?
You bought the dip of one of the best projects around.
Not many know about BCPT and it's potential.
I have no reason to shill as I am already UP by a good % on this investment (i bought on the previous dip at 10c).
Seems to be good stuff, i'm in for a little while, seeing where this goes.Can't really get dumped on at this price anyway.