Who BCH comfi in here?
Post your BCH hodls.
I already made like $8k in today's pump, $2k yesterday, loving it
Very nice anon, do you think 4k eoy?
Only went in with a little amount but content nonetheless
Which software is this one?
I only have 4 BCH am I going to make it ?
4300791Walletlords, I am newbie in cryptocurrencies, what is this beautiful wallet you use on your phones?
eoy is too close so i dont think so but probably $2k is very feasible, but then again its crypto and fucking $2k could happen before the weekend is over, so who knows
Kill the pajeet; roast the cunt, worth the strong shit smell
Not going to let some chink miners manipulate the market and im sure as hell not going to support them.
Also not going to chase any pump and dumps, remember what happened the last time people said there was a "flippening"?
I do.
Cryptopia
not in the 10bch club>comfi about it>feelsweirdman
Thats blockfolio.
blockfolioThanks sir.
Wew lads!
secretly hoping BCH will overtake BTC :)
Wonder if it's gonna pump till the 13th with the fork
Is now a good time to buy or have the massive gains ship sailed?
No memes please.
It's been raising pretty steadily, try waiting for a dip if you want to get in.
And pay attention to the BTC price, when one rises the other falls.
I've been waiting for a decent dip but I'm thinking of just jumping in and holding.
Not sure how much of BTC and BCC I should hold tho.
You tryin to show me up or somethin lad?
Tryhttps://discord.gg/UZkNNXJoin the audio trade and the trade channel, we're discussing that.
What fork?
A bitcoin cash fork.http://www.crypto-economy.net/bitcoin-cash-will-have-a-new-hard-fork-on-november-13/?lang=en
Is this the reason for the big pump?
I dumped all my linkies and bought BCC at like .154, I hope I made the right call...
Not sure
KEEP BUYINGTHE FLIPPENING IS HAPPENING
What exactly is the fork supposed to do?
Difficulty adjustment?
4301379But BTG is also pumping so I think it's the fork, gotta loop if there's a fork for it, the 12th I think?
Changes the emergency difficulty adjustment
17.18 BCHConsidering dumping the rest of my BTC so I can join the 21 club
It's not really a fork.
They're just changing the DAA so that miners can't exploit it
you should buy btc with your bch.
Now that btc is dirt cheap you will reap mighty profits after the bch soft fork
BTC dip hasn't even started yet.
It will be free fall from 6k to 5k
wait to long and BCH crashes while BTC moons again.
You thnk you're better than me mate?
I'm not so sure BTC will recover at all.
No hashing power means chain death.
Blockstream fucked the miners and now they fuck them back.
Only change of heart regarding block size increase from the core devs will save them now.
it's technically a fork, but no one expects the old chain to live on.
a fork of a forkLMAOwhen will people wake up and realize bitcoin is a scam?
i dont understand the technology therefore it's a scamthanks for your wonderful insight boomer
Yes I am comfy.
I have been holding my bitcoin private keys in cold storage for years
Very good Anon 2000 schekels profit whoa nelly!
Sell while it's going up, when Korean kids stop pumping it's gonna crash again
>BCH skyrockets>REQ is sleepingDIE
Bch master race reporting in
gj i guess... i kind of laugh at how much you guys paid for your bch.
shit was an easy buy but instead you trusted pajeets and corecucks like newfags.
honestly can't blame you, they even FUDed me into daytrading a bit and losing 1bch before this bullrun.
I was shilling BCH for weeks here.
Nobody listened.
Retard question for you... is a Trezor considered cold storage or is it more like a paper wallet (or both)?