nuls
Why is this mooning
nuls?
"smart money"
Because it's big in China
I'm not sure , first to see the WP , team behind ( seems inchain ) but not very much info , so better loose a "X4" gain instead to loose all money on nothing .
Do you know this shit is already 30x ICO price?
ICO was for Inchain back then, and tokens were swapped / airdropped 1:1 to NULS.
Dump this shit and go to ADA or some legit shit.
It takes a lot of disparate connecting for a westerner to put it together it seems, but from what I habe gathered they provide customizable backends in the form of side chains to chinese enterprise.
There are aspects of neo in that it can be a platform, aspects of walton, as they provide supply chain logistics, and aspects of ven as they provide an anticounterfeiting protocol.
All of those features are already present in their parent chain.Partnered with inchain already.They have some kind of deal with a huge chinese payroll and accounting firm.
This coin is going to the fucking moon faster than you'll know dude.
This is gonna mark the end of china fud and the real second wind of #ALTSAREBACK She's climbing quick as I type!
Bought some five minutes ago!
I'll see you fellas on venus
I can almost smell that sweet moon air, lol
buy the rumor sell the news
Whats the rumor?
The big contract with a Chinese payroll firm
that there's a rumor
It's not a rumour, it's a Prophesy.
THE PROPHECY
NULS JUST WENT UP AGAIN.
You could have just listened.
I'm the OP from last night that talked about NULS.
It was severely undervalued (was 9m cap when I bought), so I gave the shill a shot and went ham.
I knew it'd at least double but didn't expect it to rise so quick.
Cashed out and now am /comfy/.
A $40m valuation on a coin with no wp, no team, and no roadmap is insane.Team is supposedly delivering the WP tomorrow, so that should be good for those who bought at the high today.For it to go to $2, though, it needs to have an $80m market cap.
Not even VeChain (established partnerships) has that MC yet.
Do us a favour.KYS.
https://cointelegraph.com/news/crypto-trading-platform-starts-accepting-cny-new-era-for-bitcoin-in-china