Do you collect stuff /biz/, hoping for their value to appreciate over time?I don't personally but I know a guy who collects whisky and another who collects recordsAny predictions on what will be worth a lot in the years to comeAnd how long before these Funko Pop figures are worth less than nothing and the people who are amassing them commit mass suicide
I collect gamecube games and I don't even play them.I guess that's pretty autistic but they hold their value and a lot of them have gained value over the years
I collect money.
They'll be worth $10,983.$983 from the collection's auction value$10k from the appearance fee on Hoarders
Hope you have Billy Hatcher, loved that shit when I was younger
Legos we're a good investment but, now they make too much, but the shit you have most likely this is a fuck ton of junk, everyone I know with them is buying them because they think there going to explode.
Don't wast any more money.
records are a pretty easy flip, especially limited press runs and shit thats only released on record store day (you cant buy online, have to go into the store to get it)bought a record back in 2012 for $40, its now worth ~$250.
if you can get some really sought after record on rsd you could probably flip it for 100-200% in a weeks time
i'm 30, i used to be a big "collector" type as a kid and growing up, probably got it from my mom who has been a lifelong collector/hoarding type.
I had sports cards, mtg cards, pokemon cards, ancient coins, old comics, action figures, old books, and then some more common collections like baseball caps and dvds/cds (thousands).
Then i hit a point, I dunno 4-5 years ago where I suddenly just lost any interest in material possessions.
My apartment was cluttered as shit, most of the stuff I didn't really look at or care about anymore so I began selling it off until I had almost nothing left.
Wasn't really about the money (potential gains from holding it longer) it was more that I just wanted it out of my sight.Now my place is minimalist as fuck, barely have any decorations besides a couple paintings on the walls, completely bare bones.
All I need material-wise is a good PC or laptop and nothing else in the world.
Feel bad during the holidays though when my sweet mom tries to give me collectible type gifts.
I've told her I don't collect anything and that I sold all my stuff but I guess it's nostalgic for her since I grew up collecting and she still does.
Always feels bad when I tell her "no I don't want that but thanks so much for the thoughtful gift" - i just don't want to take it if I'm just going to sell it or throw it in a closet.
Maybe I should though, might make the situation better.
Buy POWR.
"no I don't want that but thanks so much for the thoughtful gift">"the best gift you've already already given me, mom">"time with you is more precious than any item"play that kinda shit up, that her time w/ you is more important than any gift-type thing
this is me with videogames right now, feels weird to just lose interest in them so quickly
loving your mom this muchLiterally kill your father and fuck your mother (if you want fuck)