anyone know where to find calculated info on how much holding coss generates?
like if someone holds 10k coss or 100k coss.
how much at current volume, would they be making per day or per week, per month, per year?
assuming the volume stays, assuming the volume grows.
ect.
ect.?
anyone know good place to find concrete data and how to make the math to see it ?
im interested in investing but i dont want to go with speculative moon missions.
i want something that actually generates income, preferably in eth as thats the coin i want to invest atm so i want to get more eth back in the future.
im already invested in dice.
so i want a diferent inddustry, trying to find info on coss but its all about updates and development and nothing on how much i would actually earn atm.
daily volume*7*0.001*(Your coss holding)/93,000,000This is a rough guide for the fee splitbut the thing about coss is the fees go down for whalesThe best thing about it are the ICO bonuses
so 300k coss according to this volume for past 24hours https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/coss/#ETH would net you 4-5$ per day, for a 20k usd investment.
doesnt seem worth it atm.
but its a good place to keep an eye on their volume.
if it looks like its generally climbing and preferably exponentially.
then it would make sense to get involved.
atm looks more speculative.
do all coss holders get free ico coins too?
Not worth it now, sure, but you’re not buying for the returns now, there is so much room to move upwards, even a 100x would leave coss a medium size exchange, then you’d get $300-500 per week
but i can always pick up later on the way to 100x?
price been declining anyways.. and there will always be people that want to sell because they want their eth or have no patience or anything really.
only reason price will rise is when its actually being profitable.
but price going down is almost certain.
unless theres whales accumulating.
looks like an amazingly profitable and lucrative token to hold.
real use and real dividends.
just the volume isnt there yet.
and i rather buy in when volume is atleast 10-20x more.
now if they start advertising or if the volume is increasing.
then it would be smart to start getting in.
if its not too late by then.
by the time its 500$ per week.
the cost of investing would of went up since eth will most likely be worth 2-3x more.
ofcourse just an opinion.
so it would be like investing 60k to make 500 per week.
and its all speculative atm.
im not sold on speculative gains, i want more concrete data for investing.
more logical based
when the volume is 10-20x more the price will be at least 5-10x more by then.I mean you can do what you like, but the price isn’t going to go down much more, positive news came out, ICOs starting soon with all the bonuses
also cost of missing out on other opportunities.
because who knows by then better things can come out.
aside from it being a risky investment from the go anyways
know of any other similar investments?
im currently in dice etheroll.
and im comfy holding it.
on another note.
the low marketcap is a pretty good selling point.
alot of shitcoins worth nothing pump based on their marketcap alone.
this has a working live product with a great chance of being a goldmine.
no reason why it should be part of the shit coin roulette for pumps
You’re just having a dialogue with yourself, everything you say is reasonable, but who knows exactly when or what anything happens
hmm how would you rate this vs kucoin?
and ku exchange?
ps i really appreciate the open discussion and info.
i want to see more of this kinda stuff on the subs and 4chan ect.
problem with kucoin is that the fee share will decrease to 15%also it's legality is dubious, smells very scammy
yeah just saw that fee share decrease to a minimum of 15% in the future.
doesnt look as tasty as coss.
plus the investment per paid is lower there.
looks like 1-2$ per day for 50eth 20k usd investment vs 4-5$ per day for same amount in coss atm.
marketcap is a huge seller atm, with just holding coss for pumps can provide to be 2x+ easily.
i think im sold and will put up some buy orders on delta.
thnx again!
I am the million coss man.
I have been in contact with several other whales.
Once we are all done accumulating we will drop our walls, end of next week at the latest.
Also, we will not be selling for a very long time(few years).
I will personally probably never sell as i intend to make a living off of my payouts.
Coss is the most undervalued coin the market and you'd have to be a total fucking cuck not to see it.
Invest wisely my friends.
-298
mirin, I just have 80k, so probably not enough to stop wagecucking, but if it goes 100x I can buy a house
Yea I remember u whalebro Price predictions on coss q42018?
$6-7.
At a minimum.
Probably +$10 once people realize the potential of COSS and how EXTREMELY undervalued it is.Anything is possibly in this market.
Anything.Also that new COSS ui makes my want to throw money at my computer screen like it's a stripper.
-298
If coss hits 7$ I'd be a millionaire Y-you too whale-kun
Not only is COSS extremely undervalued, but several of us COSS whales are not going to sell.
At all.
Period.
What's going to happen to the price when the biggest COSS hodlers aren't selling?
Do the math pajeet.
Time is running out.
-298
whats the minus 298 for?
and also if your a whale trying to accumulate.
why would u want me to buy?
seems like your trying to sell me into buying some bags.
not saying thats the case.
just thats the vibe ur giving off.
either way i bought some and have some buy walls on ed.
dont like to go all in overnight.
give myself time to feel it out, time in the market > timing the market.
what exchange is coss at?
delta and coss and hit btc, u can see a coins exchanges on cmc https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/coss/#markets
Coss.io COSS stands for Crypto One Stop Shop.
It's like coinbase with an exchange.
Read up.
This is only the tip of the iceberg.
It's my favorite number.
If you ever see a buy or sell order with 298 at the end.
That's me.
why would u want me to buy?
seems like your trying to sell me into buying some bags.
no offense sperglord but do you really think that one guy (you) would need to be convinced to buy up someones bags when there are plenty of buy and sell orders already?
One stop solution.
fucking LARPer.
also it doesnt stand for Crypto One Stop Shop.
its Crypto One Stop Solution.
someone 1 million COSS deep would know that