how many BTC holders still holding?I am so tempted to put it all into BCH right now.
do whatever you want idiot, why do you seek our approval?
fuck you, i hope you lose all your money.
Sell and get out of crypto while you can.
This shit is literally fucking everything crypto is up.
The normies no longer trust BTC and don't give a shit about anything else.
Large sell offs coming, the bubble is bursting.
I did that yesterday and I don't regret it.
BTC is dead.
the hell are you talking about you fucking retard, what a total sperg post.
if I was following what biz did I would have bought bch ages ago fucking faggot
Too late bud, you think you can transfer anything anymore now that nobody is mining BTC?
Do you really want to flip your Real Bitcoin for Bitcoin Cash?Bitcoin will eventually expand their blocks size.
I'm a noob, but how do you transfer it to bch?
i am still holding btc.
http://shapeshift.io/
jews fund these threads ma dude
Holding 2 BTC and 2 BCH... life is good
(((SegWit)))
you can always switch back if the ratio starts going back down
Holding LTC and XMR.Slow but safe gains
then fucking doit, faggot?
I sold 300 BTC for BCH.There's always a risk, but the price will reflect that.
If BCH was 100% certain it'd already be worth many times more than Bitcoin.
I'm about 50/50 btc bch
Idk wut Segway is but the people I hear mention it are faggots haha
If I have btc on my localbitcoins wallet, can I use shapeshift.io?
Ditto.
% BTC, sorry but you gonna get schooled buying BCH now.
>rebought into BTC at 6885can someone kill me please
% as of when?
BCH will remain on pace for another ~20 hours btw.
Unless you sold all BCH for BTC today, you must be feeling pretty dumb right now.
BTC will reign supreme as always, doesnt mean you cant ride the BCH waves, made 30% today and %10 yesterday, its going to dump eventually so be careful but many gains can be had, good luck.
well its already in kraken.
I was going to do it yesterday, decided not to and then it pumped again.
so if it does the same tomorrow I am gonna be pissed if im still hodling.thats mostly what im worried about, im not worried about BTC dying I know it won't.
this.
i have a stop loss set at .15 BTC.
pretty good considering i got in at .05 ayyyy

Bitcoin will eventually expand their blocks size.They just cancelled that upgrade and are talking about proprietary solutions like Lightning network and sidechains...