So if Net Neutrality gets fucked in the US does that mean we're going to have to pay extra for exchange related websites (stock,crypto,mineral,currency) ?
If we don't the rest of the world including the pajeets will have an advantage over us.
This is what it must be felt to be a slave...
literally nothing like that is going to happen.
comcast is going to charge netflix money, not you
Netflix is going to eat the cost and not pass it onto their customersNot how its going to work.
Hey, I'm anon uuT+FsL8 and I have no idea how basic fucking economics work.
using netflix
Are we sure the whales don't want to block us off the exchange or at least slow us down for like 30 seconds this way they can do PnD in which you'd never see the Dump coming because you're delayed.
Insert whichever company you'd like.
Not going to affect me though, I just get to laugh at you fools supporting things that will make you pay more.
Friendly reminder that this is all a concerted fearmongering campaign being run by the tech giantsThis will mean almost nothing to the average consumer and will probably improve ISP service long term
haha holy shit dude you don't even know how economics works do youThis is why these idiots clamoring for the death of net neutrality are probably poor uneducated welfare niggers also, instead of blocking sites(which would be possible), they'd just simply slow them to 56k speeds and force you to buy "TEH ULTIMATE PACKAGE" to have the speeds you have now
and will probably improve ISP service long termthat probability is disingenuous
This is why these idiots clamoring for the death of net neutrality are probably poor uneducated welfare niggersIts hilarious to me because I'm against net neutrality but I'm fully aware most ISPs will take advantage of it being taken away and the average person will end up paying more.
Thing is that my ISP is a community coop and everyone in my small county gets to vote on changes.
Almost noone votes though so I can effectively get whatever result I want on any vote just from convincing the people that play tabletop games at the comic book shop to go vote on important things.
Nice just bought 100k
Netflix already increased prices fag