ETHEREUM IS BETTER THAN BITCOIN
That's right comrade, communist cp is the best p.
Ain't nothing wrong with cp.
Better get me some eth my fellow cp lovers.
It's better but the market doesn't care.
Bitcoin has the hype.
ETHEREUM IS BETTER THAN BITCOIN
Eth is going to break through those sell walls like a big black cock would to a loli hymen
pretty much everything is better than bitcoin, because bitcoin is fucking useless.- use your superior knowledge and don't be a sheep
MoSkel MoSkel he's our guy, if he can't pump it, ETH will die
I think his fingers might be too large for 1 in the bum and 1 in the front.
For god sakes they are only little girls vitalik.
how?
it's already near its highest ATH
I can't invest in this shit
If by better you mean more centralized and maleable, then yes
Commie pedo coin fuck this shit.
nah.
pedolik can keep his shitcoin
Congrats on this.
Seriously.
He's a pedophile communist who literally believes that people should be forced to sell their homes at market price because muh renters have it tough!
Also associates with tons of anti white people on Twitter and likes the idea of banning """neonazis""" from decentralized platforms.
What the fuck is wrong with this guy?
How can someone invent something like Ethereum and still be so retarded and brainwashed?Can we please spam the fuck out of him on Twitter?
I AM VITALIK!
GIVE ME YOUR CHILDREN!
ETHEREUM IS BETTER THAN BITCOINThat's just a fact.
>shilling pedocoin
shut up bear.
calling someone a pedo doesnt make em one you slanderous poor cunt.
i will fucking murder you

kys
Eth is duh best and it beats the rest.
Anyone who cares about that tweet is autistic.
it's not better at all
Its not fundamentally better as a currency in any way.
It just lets you make ~tokens~.
Bitcoin can support smart contracts in the fututre.
honestly, the more i think about it, the more this makes me think that he actually might have a CP collection.
an investigation is warranted.
I think those tabs are a lot more sketchy than the post you're using that troll image on.
Good show Anon.
Never change.
it's better at making ICO scams which was a brilliant way to bloat its price
 lol okay Muhammad
You niggers didn't hear about IoTA.
pedocoin> commie coin> sjw coinkys OP
says he abhors child abuse>says he doubt the community would fork hate speech dapps, adds he don't care>RRREEEEEEEEEEEEE BITALIK CP OWNER SJW CUUUUUUUCCCCCCCCKKK CUUUUCKKK LOLAlt-right BTC maximalist are truly the worst kind of animals
Are you telling me that you don't rub your cock on bannisters?
REPEAT AFTER ME, FIDDLING KIDS IS WRONG.
WRRRROOOOOOONNNNNGGGGG!!!!!!!!!
what percentage of ETH transactions are used to help with underage sex trafficking?I'm guessing 83%
He's a pedophile communist who literally believes that people should be forced to sell their homes at market priceNo he doesn't.
He's an ultra-capitalist you idiot.
He believes you should be able to set the taxable value of your own home.
But if you say x is the market value then you are announcing that x is the value you would be prepared to sell it at, otherwise the price you have given is not the market value but an attempt to pay less tax than you think the place is worth.
be scared lil boyyou think you can just threaten murder on here and get away with it?
kek
Why does he look so creepy?