Hello, friends I'm the same Chinese guy who gave Nuls WP Summary yesterday.
The yellow paper is coming up end of month and code on github will be loaded on monday.Also, here's an article from ChongQing Daily which is a government paper from the Propaganda Department.
I don't know if anyone can translate this to English but it is a great read because InChain team or (now) Nuls team is mentioned using block chain tech for the one road one belt initiative besides the subsequent block chain advancement in China.http://epaper.cqrb.cn/html/cqrb/2017-11/06/008/content_184853.htm?from=groupmessage&isappinstalled=0Have a good day.
Also, the team is coming out with announcements this week.
can you provide more information about the connection between InChain and Nuls teams, where's the evidence that they're not just banking of an only perceived InChain relationship, because even if everything is legit and only mentions InChain, why should I care about NULS?
go in their telegram, inchain people answering questions>go on their github, inchain devs working on nuls>realize that the airdrop was to inchain token holders>had to do that because of the ico banThis is basic DYOR stuff guys, c'mon.
The PROPHESY!
>using block chain tech for the one road one belt initiative besides the subsequent block chain advancement in ChinaCan someone find this in the article, post it here so I can google translate.
Will tip in btc.
but senpai, I don't know how to do my own research, I don't know where the hey stupid newfag read this intro material lives
Thanks for posting this!
Inchain or Nuls isn't mentioned once in this article
Damn it guys I'm on my phone, halp
Thanks anon ill wait for the dip though
.78 isn't a decent dip for you?
it's already rising, too.
Here is the translation of the relevant part:"China (Chongqing) Blockchain Demonstration Base" will be jointly established by the two sides to create a technology transfer center based on blockchain, cloud computing and artificial intelligence so as to realize the transformation of the scientific and technological achievements from research and development to industrialization within the "base" The "one-stop" service
Here is the part about partnerships:Chongqing Cloud Computing and Big Data Industry Association, and Chongqing Software Industry Association to jointly create an ecosystem of blockchain applications.
The district also with the Shanghai Wanda Network Technology Group, Beijing too a cloud Technology Co., Ltd., Beijing Ruizhuo hi vote Technology Development Co., Ltd., well-Network Technology Co., Ltd., Guangzhou Koala Mr. Network Technology Co., Ltd., Chongqing Printing Technology Co., Ltd. India chain A number of blockchain companies signed a cooperation agreement of intent.
It is mentioned in Chinese.
It has a certain chinese symbol.
I found this from their community manager.
I don't know what else to tell you?
You guys should hop over here and make us all some money... LmAONULS buyer are poorfags!
Holding 5600 and 2k rdn, should i sell rdn for this?
Lol, I just tipped.
no founders>random american community manager ded
Your FUD is low quality friend.
He's the western community manager.
They need those to help the white people.
Haha or English speakers.
I didn't even want to bother explaining myself, but he is a legit RANDOM that this "big" coin hired.
They couldn't even bother to get someone that speaks Chinese, or has any professional experience.Not to mention, he is constantly saying things in contrast with what the NULS team has said themselves on Slack.
Like how Nuls on slack said they aren't InChain, but now he says they are.
Also he doesn't even know how many team members there are... check the past 10min of telegram.Legit an ape coin.
Essam ElmirProbably a ISIS fighter, no thanks.
4277858Fish-headed sewer dragon pls go.
Ok friend.
Don't invest.
Just because someone isn't white doesn't take away their credibility.
You are probably just racist with the other dude below.
I'm just giving information and that's about it.
Fuck.
This is the third time.
I still laugh.
FISH-HEADED SEWER DRAGON
 You alright buddy?
Did you buy at ATH?
When did I ever mention the guys race?
I said he doesn't even speak Chinese, has no professional experience, and is incoherent.
A quick google search and you'll see he's a great video game tweeter.
The team is either really special to not hire professionals, or they don't exist at all.
4277957nice dubs fellas ^_^
Nuls team is mentioned using block chain tech for the one road one belt initiativeIsn't this kind of a big deal or something?
you think you are helping, but you are not.
update