>bought 20k LINK at $0.40>bough>sold at $0.18 to buy bitcoins>buy 2 bitcoins at $7300should i just kill myself at this point or what
imagine being this uninteresting that you have to larp failing
should iNo, but consider not continuing what you have been doing so far
Why did you buy high and sold low that's retarded.Next time try buying when it's at the bottom and improve your average,
Use the bitcoins to buy Ark.
Do it now.Hold for 6 months.
Sell back for Bitcoin.
You'll have 20 or so.
buy high sell low>yes.gifJust accept that trading crypto is a complete clusterfuck, sell your BTC and look for a better way to make money.
Like getting a job.
Thats what i will do.
lol.
it's a process my friend, we are all learning
buying when it's at the bottomOh yeah, thats such an easy thing to say.
When exactly will BTC hit the bottom?
Please tell me mr. magic man.
And while you are at it: Will BCH continue to rise or is it just one of those pump and dump memes?
PLEASE.
TELL.
ME.
Never sell LINK.You accumulate LINK so in the future you can earn more LINK
"Trading" always fails.
Just hodl.
At least 6 month.
Jumping in and out like an autistic faggot will yield bad results.
stay poor loser
Hodl BTC, at this point this is the best thing you can do.
And be patient.
Just do me a favor and tell me your future moves before you do them so i can do the exact opposite
I fucking hate those phrases.
Its the same like like: "Just be yourself" or "find the things you truely love" or "it will be alright".
In reality they dont mean shit.
They are not worth a single fucking thing.
Or "buy high sell low", "find a good job" - YEAH NO FUCKING SHIT.
Thank you so fucking much for your help.
It really made my life a lot better.
NOT.
Remember, it's just money
you seem like someone who has a raspy voice from the vocal cord damage that all those dicks you've sucked has done.
You're not doing it right faggot.
Dont sell anything at a loss.
Youre dumbass bought at the peak and youre trying to play day-trader which you fucking arent good at.
just stop.
^^ eventually.Trading works until it doesn't.
If you spread out your trades over a year vs buying those coins at the start and holding for the year, provided they're not shitcoins, you'd be up more.
You know what?
atleast sucking some dick would make me richer instead of poorer.
Fuck it i will start sucking dick tomorrow.
Nice little blowey joey for 50 bucks.
Little.. .Sucky sucky going on there.RLPRLRPLRPRLRPRPLRPLRPLRP
He didn't mention BTC, just link.
It's not that hard to calculate the bottom on alts.
Btcs bottom no one knows but I bought some more today just in case.Bch will keep pumping.
Don't get scared if it goes down 60 or 100 dollars for like 30 minutes or an hour, it will keep getting pumped til Tuesday.
no no no, you need to put all your money into BCH right now for the ultimate JUST trilogy, THEN you can kill yourself.
Just because you can't apply good advice doesn't mean those tips are worthless.