tfw missed out on the crypto gold rush
https://mobius.network/Last chance for a lambo.
another oracle solution?this just link?
You still have a chance anon.
Find out what will one day replace the dinosaur that is BTC and become rich
Just buy Lisk faggot, we're mooning tonight
buy POWR and make nice gains
yes but runs faster, better team, better partnerships.
Biz likes to forget this exists because of the shills
Cool.
Another site where I have to upload my passport to pajeet.
Bitcoin Cash, obviously.
Bitcoin Cash is still an old busted dinosaur with one changed bit of code
 3 month old coin> Surpassed Ethereum> Surpassed BTC volume> Made every altcoin bleed red> BUSTED DINOSAURLong term holders are going to profit a lot from this onehttps://www.yours.org/content/bitcoin-cash--a-reflection-on-how-far-we-ve-come-f0cfe4e9950f
What do any of those things have to do with BCH not being an old and busted dinosaur of a coin technologically?
You're changing the argument fagetPlus it wasn't just BCH that made alts, it was BTC dumping too which always makes alts bleed
Actually this dinosaur is receiving a lot of updates, the last fork to update the DAA was a complete success.The next update is scheduled for January 14, upgrading the address scheme to be extensible and so that people are no longer able to lose money by sending money to segshit addresses.On the horizon we have the Graphene update which will enable massive blocksize increases at very little cost to bandwidth.Bitcoin Cash is bitcoin, it's broken free of the political polarization of Blockstream and is being adopted rapidly as you can see with the price revaluation recently - I expect the trend upward to continue very soon.
4440512It has NO DOWNSIDE.
Nobody will dump on you after it goes to market!
cool i'll pick some up on fire sale when it hits Liquid or ED.
So?
You are conveniently leaving out all the details about partners, lower transaction fees, and a faster service.
It does everything LINK does bet better, faster, and more efficiently.
You would have to be a brainlet to choose LINK over mobius
So is it a good idea to buy bitcoin as an investment?
Actually this dinosaur is receiving a lot of updates, the last fork to update the DAA was a complete success.Nice spin you fucking double digit IQ.
No one wants your bags.
The reason Bcash had to fork in the first place is because their subpar developers fucked it up the first time around.Bcash won't be receiving any of the amazing updates from real Bitcoin devs that require segwit.
But that is by design after all.The "political polarization" comes from miners who want to stop off chain processing, so they chose to go without segwit (to disable LN), and just make the blocks bigger.
That way everything can stay on chain and the miners can keep making profits.Early adopters with shitty technical talent were left behind as contributors to Bitcoin because the coding community doesn't want their half-assed commits putting things at risk.
These mediocrities banded together to try to pump their fragile egos back up.
"Finally, someone thinks I'm important.
I'm not a failure who can't code or think worth a shit, I'm a somebody again.
Jihan's mining company says so."
So what if it actually centralizes Bitcoin further, Satoshis vision was chinese centralization after all.Luckily these bullshit chinese pumps from the korean exchange seem to be getting weaker.
Good luck offloading those bags though.
this shit wants my social security number wtf??
What are you talking about?
4440512You've got some pathetic ass shill campaign going on, pajeet.
buttmad linkie detected
qtum of course
haha faggot, you are pathetic