To be a Dectralized Exchange, no 3rd parties can:- hold coins- broadcast orders- match orders- swap coins- control listingsThe Blocknet's DEX built on the Blocknet DAPP is the only DEX that fulfils those 5 core standards.
https://twitter.com/The_Blocknethttps://blocknet.co/https://www.reddit.com/r/theblocknet/https://blocknetprotocol.com/
tfw i can only afford 100
built half my portfolio with block since april and I haven't looked back, most solid project in crypto
>mfw block is consistently one of the lowest volume coins in the top 100, literally nobody knows about>mfw when blocknet is the king of decentralized exchanges, nobody else comes even closeIf you're holding block now, you're a winner
blocknet is buying me my lambo.
aaaaaaahhhhThis is going to be amazing.
Dexs are getting pumped too.
looks like a comfy 3x
BLOCKNET MOONING !!!!!!!
moonnot even close buddy
It's actually mooning kek bought in at 35.
4251467BLOCK is going 10x
We'll see about that on Friday.
the reek of curry in this thread though
BAGS WILL BE DUMPED
not even pajeetingthe news on Friday will create FOMO regardless, I could see it going 2x at the most
YOU BUY INTO THIS YOU MIGHT ASWELL EAT A HOBOS ASSHOLE
If you buy this now you'll be eating curry and week old rice once you get dumped on .
BE WARNED NEWFAGS cause these Pajeets will shit in the streets forever
4252638Pajeet just upset his dumpster whore mother is gonna be all over my block
400k sat
Officially time to say i told you so to all the Komodo and ark noobz lolz
lol ark and komodo are nothing more than blocknet wanna be knock offs
I can't believe this day, hodl'd by btc for two months, traded my btc at noon into BLOCK.
HODL this to 2018 and you'll see today's moon is going to be nothing in comparison
discord PnD bullshit
block paying off
4255159And it will continue to pay off.
This pump is just the beginning.
Gonna shoot yourself in a week if you dont by the little dip right now.
Blocknet has the only real DEX right now, and let's not forget their decentralized application platform, soo much fucking potential here it's insane!
literally half of biz is in this shit pnd group.
Why are you shilling it to yourselves?
another FUDge packer lmao
welcome to the BLOCK party bud
1000 BLOCK HOLDERS REPORT IN
Can't believe a tip off /biz/ finally paid off
only fags hold BLOCKS become a real man and hold LINK
epic start to what's about to go down in the near future...block hodlr's unite!
4255667Fuck off pajeet we can see your id
I heard you automatically gain weight just by holding link
you need 5k for running a service node
just gonna leave this here
DELET THIS
I was replying to myself thick cunt