REBRANDING CONFIRMEDGET IN RIGHT NOW
(((lightning network)))
sauce?
aw shit, this is for real
how is this different from monero and other coins?
https://www.groestlcoin.org/what-is-groestlcoin-backed-by/
Rebrand to Gross coin for hearty chuckle
how is this different from monero and other coins?Less secure and a passing fad?
roadmap isn't out yet, nice try

their website is down btw, what a joke
44894675 minutes, you sperg.
Very advanced technology wise.
https://twitter.com/GroestlcoinTeam"We have listened to our community and released the GRS roadmap.
2018 will be a busy year for us, but with your support we will make it happen.
:)"
why the fuck is it going down then???
because this is 2017 crypto retard sell the news no matter how good the news is

Kek it's already dropping
Because everyone here is pressing F5.
For december just new wallets and new website.
Shitnews
Because some retards dont understand the release :).
This is huge guys omg :DD.
I was 50/50 in Vert - GRS regarding my asic resistant portfolio but i THINK i will go 80% into groestl.
Jesus fuck this coin will be .. fucking legendary in 2018, and it has INSANE growth ahead compared to vert.
(I like the vert logo more tough (and the name)).
can you explain why this happens?
it fucking bull shit lol
website down?
Did anyone see that absolutely massive buy wall??
Anyone????????
it'll be back:D
BUY BUY BUY
I'm still bagholding SLR from 8k buyin from yesterday.
Promised myself not to listen to you autist fucks ever again but fuck these hypethreads really rustle my jimmies.
lol it's dumping back down just like last time they released the roadmap, but ok, never change /biz/
quit failing at life /biz/
dumping like fuck, and i'm not in so yay me for learning something yesterday
This , made money but pretty disappointing imo.
yeah 176btc single buy... whales watching and ready to hurt dumpers
this thing is around since 2014 and now everywhere this shit is shilled and rises in value ?hmmmmm
The only coin that is still being compiled with Visual Studio (like Satoshi himself did).wtf how is that a selling point