I've had an earache for 4 weeks and it's killing me.
Any of your rich niggers a doctor?
How do I open my eustachian tubes?
Will send BTC.
STOP MAKING THREADS WITH HOT GIRLS
peppermint, neti pot, H2O2
I am a doctor actually.
Use a OTC decongestant.
Thank me later18oanpKArGum9d344VFLmx7AUgEAXCpAmh
sauce?
Aight actual MD here.First things first.
Take some goddamn sudafed.Then, use a netipot.
Or one of these pictured dildos.
Those work wonders.Once your sinuses are clean as fuck, hold your nose and gently blow, like you are repressurizing your tubes.Might take a whole day.
But that'll work.
If it works, and you want to help me outETH0xc6af2b783ac5fec4d2a029ad098691896c87db33
netipots just introduce more bacteria.
Enjoy your Pseudomonas infection
does the cartilage portion hurt when you press it from the outside?
did you get water in there when you showered and felt like it wasn't coming back out?its probably an infection.
go to the doctor asap because that shit could spread to your brain.
taking antibiotics will kill it.
if you go to the doc and he tells u its an infection and if i saved u from dying, then:1AkUdr1cejhkoo249BCeyarS13Y2b2AkS1
Dumb shit, not if you follow the instructions.
Sterile or deionized water.
I know reading is hard.Additionally, the data says sinus rinse cleans sinus infections days faster than abx.
Pour vinagar in your ear
I have two suggestions.
Hyland's earache drops.
It is homeopathic and have worked for every earache I have had since adulthood and for everyone I have suggested it to.
If you go to Walgreens they have their own brand right next to Hylands that is cheaper.
Try it for a day or two at the most and your earache will be gone.The other suggestion will probably gross some people out, but your own urine is actually very clean and can heal an earache.
google it.
Put a couple of drops of fresh urine in your ear and use loose cotton until it is absorbed.
Repeat until your earache is better.
4420958I wrote down your addresses.
Whichever method works: I'll send some cash your way.
Errrr..
I'll try the first one.
Address?.
Use PEROXIDE 2.5% strength.... DO NOT USE ANY STRONGER.3H7WNGCL1sQuJqQkeMpgnvmg9MyCroiQcyDon't question me.
just go fix your fucking earache.You better pay me OP.
i'm the guy that lost all my money in link then got scammed for my ico coins and now i have nothing.
Free advice.
Good luck!
Ironically Xen in your Id
A 9mm pistol will cure this pain instantly.
Your welcome.
Here is my DOGECOIN address:DGWeRmeXDmA8nsXfyWDthUwLS5vF7FxJqDNow get out.
hafu - twitch streamer
LMAOi'm banned in here channel because the one time i went i posted "send nudes"
OP I just got over an ear infection with massive pain.Basically if you pull your earlobe and it hurts, it is a outer ear infection.This will result in fluid building up behind your ear drum and the pressure causes the ache.To try and drain some of that shit into the back of your throat do this:(1) Pinch your nostrils closed and swallow some water(2) Slide your jaw from side to side(3) Pinch nose and blow out with mouth closed, this will definitely open up your tubes and probably pop the fuck out of your ears.
Might hurt too.
However, keep pushing air which holds the tubes open and some fluid should drain out each time.Just mix it up with the above 3.
It doesn't work instantaneously, you'll have to do them regularly to slowly draw that shit out.Eventually if it doesn't drain your eardrum will burst from a small hole from the pressure and then once it heals it might fill with fluid again.
Shit sucks.
Get some over the counter flonase, it's an inhaled steroid, use intranasally it will get to the back of the throat to the eustachian tubes, should help open em up.
can confirm pinching nose and trying to blow out with closed mouth.
Dont overdo it tho
spread to your brainwtf
I used to get this a lot, it's a pain from the soft part below the ear sometimes radiating to the neck?
if so, they're inflamed.
The tubes constrict and fluid can't move through them hence the pain.
Consider if the root of your problem is really acid reflux (GERD).
Good book related Things that cause this>spicy foods>all mint foods/products>coffee>water (some brands/sources have a lower pH)I notice if I eat mint I have pain within a half hour.
Also nexium and prilosec are breddy gud remedies in the short term
Gomennasai goyzaimasu
If I stick my jaw out forward as far as it can go and to the opposite side of the ear that feels stuffed up, I can feel the fluid drain out of it.
No need to thank me.0xB22B23E5E7D7c623aafB6c34C677872C5EbBA247
He's right.
You can die from an untreated ear or tooth ache.
this is true, i once died from a toothache