How do I explain to my granny that I lost her money?At the last family get together I told everyone about how I traded crypto and kinda of exaggerated my sucess a bit.
She gave me $5000 to invest for her and now Im down 60% on it.I feel like a horrible person.pls help I have no one else to ask.
but anon Bitcoin went up so much!they will think you're stealing from them lol ur fucked
Did you explain to them that crypto is the riskiest investment available and they must be prepared to hold through 50% losses?If not, I don't know what to suggest.
I always have to assume these threads are trolls because imagining a guy an actual situation like this provides an unreal amount of comedy gold
no
this will pass anon, wait a couple weeks.
i did the similar think back in augst bought in at all time high of 4,800 and watched it drop all teh way to 3,500 now im fine

% L's is optomistic, i'd say 90% is more realistic especially for the non BTC trash
You haven't lost SHIT until you sell for a loss.
2018 will be the biggest year for crypto yet.Explain to her that there's a lot of volatility involved and to check back with you in a few months.Also, let this be a lesson to never reveal your power level to normies and absolutely NEVER gamble with other people's money
I told everyone about how I traded cryptofuck you, never talk about crypto with the normies, you deserve this.
just get a part time job and earn it back for them over the year.
you fucked up.
now pay up
you deserve it for being a retard, just kys
if she dies you don't have to explain it to her
HODL my man, don't panick, already going back up.
You have two options1) You get $5000 together, give it to your granny, and tell her you're sorry the investment didn't work out.
You'll be out quite a bit of cash, but you'll save face.2) Suicide
taking money from your family or friendsMan, this thread comes around at least every 2 weeks.
DO NOT take money from family/friends to invest EVER.
Why?
Because shit like this happens.
I don't care how much they claim they're "ready to lose it" or "can handle a loss", they fucking can't, they get starry-eyed and underestimate the risks 100% of the time.
On top of that, since the investment is outsourced to someone else (you) they will blame you, and always assume they'd do better if they invested alone.People even have a hard time accepting fault when they're the one who makes the trades.
Just look at this board - endless threads saying "YOU TOLD ME TO BUY SHITCOIN WHY BIZ IT'S YOUR FAULT I'M BROKE"Just don't do it.
just make sure she breakes a neck falling of a stairs
.
You should have simply put it Bitcoin.
That is the safest coin.2.
Never gamble on shitcoins with your money that is not your own.If somebody asked me to invest 1,000,000$ in stocks it would go on the SP500 not some fucking no name company retard.
this is why i never tell people in public what I'm investing in either.If they jump on board, they're going to blame me if it fails.
If they win on it, it's not like they're going to give me a cut.
Be a man and tell her the truth
If you like to gamble, I tell you I'm your man, You win some, lose some, it's all the same to me.