So Anon, what book changed your life?
Do none of you faggots read?
I read this book in the 90s, and it had a three page section describing what a digital currency might /mean/.
When bitcoin arrived 15 yrs later, this book had taught me to spot BTC for what it could mean.Cost to me: like $10.What it's earned me so far: $333,200.Wht did you like your book, anon?
Dale Carnegie Paul ekman

Letting Go put into perspective how the world and people in it operate at different levels of energy.
It lends the reader a lens with which to view the world, without being dogmatic or preachy.
It also a very practical guide to living your best life.
Would you recommend the sovereign individual still, today?
What do you recommend specifically by those two authors?
read it in the late 80s/early 90s as a young padawan.
Blew the fuck out of my mind back then.
Not finance related as such, yet pretty much related to everything around us.
Broadly speaking, deals with the inherent incompleteness of any given system.
forgot the image like a retard...
Actually I would.
The majority of the book is about how to perceive power, and I feel it does that in a far more convincing way than Guns, Germs and Steel.
The remainder is then how that power is returning to the individual and offering predictions for how that will happen.
As well as the money suggestions there's correct predictions about many other fields that including 3d printing and others.
While the predictions are now dated - it was written 25yrs ago - the How To Think about the future is I think still valuable.
main lesson: striving is the meaning of life and if you're willing to dance with the devil, maybe you can trick him in the end
Dale:How to win friends and influence peoplePaul Ekman:Telling lies clues to deceitEmotions revealedUnmasking the faceDale taught me how to deal with people (how Henry Ford was successful)Paul turned me into a living emotion and lie detector.
I am now capable of detecting lies and realize the emotions behind them.
Knowing the emotions makes the reason easier to understand.This has helped me incredibly more than I thought in every aspect of my life.
Where do you recommend I start with Ekman?
Looks promising.
The Magic of Thinking Big is quite good.
Wouldn't say it changed my life, but definitely pushed me to do things differently.
The Bible
Law of attractionDoes it work?
Essential for a career in management.
Plato's Republic
The Power of Now.
It's a little esoteric at times but it changed how I view my thoughts.
What everybody is Saying - A body language book.
+1 for me
That book changed my life completely.
Kind of a meme book and I think it's on the /biz/ reading list.
Recommend nonetheless.
And limos.com still operates and is #1 when you search "limo"
has anyone here read the zulu principle?
i was thinking about buying it along with antifragile