Time is running out.
You've been warned.
5x lmao.
LINK is easily x10 to x20 in 1 year
what I don't get is how fast will they be able to get it up and running?
not doubting the megapump but I see no reason development couldn't end up taking most of the year
tfw bought this at 0.47
Both really good for multiple X but they're not going to move significantly this year, so.
Park it somewhere that can get short/mid gains like bitcoin cash if you got a big dick or ethereum if you have a tiny but intelligent and risk averse dick for now.
How much is it up compared to its ico price currently?
Pre-sale was $0.09 and ICO was $0.11 so it’s still decently up.
My portfolio looks actually exactly like this.
45% Link (bought at 14 cents, so still slightly positive), 45% iExec (bought too high at 0.60$), 10% Odn (+/-0%)However, zero gains in the last weeks, but I am a patient man.
It’s hard to see shitcoins mooning every week and legit projects like IEXEC and LINK not moving anywhere but in the end we will be the biggest winners.
Patience anon, you made great choices.
x-20x is too generous, we will have a market cap of 8 billion boyo.
shit pumps on hype, not on logic.
most of the shit in the top 100 has nothing to show for it but people buy anyway because of a shiny website or some partnership.
OMG and XRP are probably the best examples of this.
XRP is pumped because of big bank adoption.
Exactly why you should expect Chain link in the top 5 of it gets adopted by Swift.
I'm going to go 50% LINK, 50% POWR.
good point, confido is the perfect example...kek.
that's exactly my point, XRP is at a ridiculous marketcap even though the token has literally no use, but people buy it anyway because the company is so succesful.
POWR is x11 since 2 november.
Buy near ATH is best way to get burned.
Any news updates expected for link?
Swift is already balls deep in link.
The only thing that could tarnish their view of it is the mainnet launch next year.Like rory said, the people they're dealing with won't tolerate a half-assed init.They're working their asses off to make sure everything goes as planned.
Ausfag here mate.Aus govt is corrupted as they come.We have some of the best scammers & suckers to walk the face of the earth.Everything here gets taxed & (((we))) like COAL alot.Mining companies & Banks run the show here mate, good luck...
That is a common misconception.
XRP is not useless.
Always hilarious to see random anons/retards without a real level of information judging XRP small mindedly "IT IS USELESS".
I hate XRP and don't own it, but at least I am not a dumb uninfirmed monkey spouting random things.
Imagine the pump LINK is going to get when word SWIFT is confirmed, it's listed on Bittrex, and the kind of LINK fever that has infected /biz/ infects the wider crypto communityMost people haven't even heard of it yet
Why would Link be worth anything?
I am getting nervous about if I should buy or not...I thought the Dev holds like 350 mill why would we make money on something they have?
Doesn't it take 0 link to have an oracle?
I thought there has to be some incentive to owning chainlink tokens which as far as ive seen there isn't.
If chainlink is a business it needs a revenue stream.
Where is this stream of money going to be coming from?
As i understand it sergey will make you pay a transaction fee just for the smart contract to function he won't pocket any of it so where is the money coming from for using his product?Also arent ripple icon and neo competitors to link in some way?
replace POWR with ARKstake ark
Also arent ripple icon and neo competitors to link in some wayKek, please dont ever buy/touch LINK
Already own 10k just looking for a back and forth with someone who knows why my line of reasoning is wrong.
Deciding if i should go all in.
Why would link be worth anything?Because it can guarantee total data security and allow data from outside the blockchain to be transferred on to it, be transacted, and off of it again.
These types of transaction will be paid for in LINK.>I thought the Dev holds like 350 mill why would we make money on something they have?The Devs are withholding supply in order to give to institutional investors on release in order to incentivize them to use the network >Doesn't it take 0 link to have an oracle?Yes but if an oracle has no link it will not be considered a trusted source.>Where is this stream of money going to be coming from?Sergey can run his own nodes with the LINK he has and those nodes will generate more LINK for him through transactions.
It's also highly likely he will be contracted by SWIFT and other companies in order to assist in implementation of LINK into their systems.See: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kW27zYIxZhYIf you don't understand it after this video that it's as sure a bet as you could possibly get in crypto, please leave and don't come back.
0 link = not a trusted sourceNot quite.The less link a node has the less of a chance it has to be used.0 link nodes will still be used but they'll have to find a niche to cater to; and after a while they won't be 0 link nodes anymore since they'll be paid in link...Owning a fuckton of link and setting up a node basically assures you your node will get priority.That's how I understand it
Why does LINK refuse to drop below 0.15?
Why do you refuse to buy now?
Thank you, money slav.
I'm about to.
I literally only just got into cryptos because I've been watching LINK for a while and decided this is the right time to start playing.
Today I was going to sit and figure out how to set up my security and how a ubuntu usb could enter into that with MEW to give cold security.
(As I understand the minute I generate a private key on my possibly-malwared Windows 10 the whole thing could be breached from that point forward so want to get this right from the start).
Once I'm confident I'm being safe as can be without a hardware wallet, I'll buy and join this moon ride.
because it will never get even near ico price.
15 cents has been the absolute bottom for LINK as long as it has been on the market.
There isnt a better time to take a chance with LINK.
Everyone about it just says it is waiting to EXPLODE once SWIFT news officially breaks out.
There will be no time to FOMO buy in, because it will instantly will go x5 once it happens.
Thats why I dont have the balls to sell my LINK, I just buy more every time it dips.
Only 3-5x?
Really?
That's it?
You guys were saying anywhere between $20-$100, but 3-5x only puts it right around where it was during the SIBOS pump and dump
are you seriously relying on made up numbers by the idiots on this board?
you're going to have a really bad time if you keep doing that.
Nah nigga, if LINK isn't 30x in 10 months it is objectively a failure.
deluded linkies, you won't even get $1 with it, I bought it and my luck is the worst on the planet so until I sell it's shit dead coin
I hate this reddit meme.
The universe does not care about you.
Your ownership of LINK is irrelevant to its eventual price.
Confido crash really made me think.What if LINK goes x10 and then we find out SWIFT pulls out midway
No, I'm mocking them for falling this low.
shit nigger, don't FUD iexec by comparing it to shitlink.
iexec is serious business made by a dream team.
he doesn't know that all crypto prices are born as bizraelis' expectations spoken out and transported to the idealistic realm of economyLINK gonna be over $1k in 2 years.
You're at ground zero and the universe has given you a rediculously wide time frame to buy in.
Don't miss out.
Buy at least $1k worth before it hits 20cYou'll thank me later
Not buying your shitcoin bag Anon.
44836264483566>Oh, look!
IEXEC shills.
Begone with your snake oil vociferous beasts!
if iexec is snake oil then link is your momma's used pad
Finally someone who gets it, but XRP got where it is over a long period of almost no news from the team and then exploded massively at once.
Yes, yes, buy more ;^)