Did you guys get the email?
"Welcome John!I am excited to add you to the exclusive Request token holder insider list.
This exclusive club is only available to significant Request token holders.As a club member you'll get first hand news and information about our products and be able to participate in early beta testing.
We here at Request also take pride in providing growing token holder value through our burn and staking program.
With that said, in order to finalize your membership into the exclusive Request token holder club we need to ask for what color of lamborghini that you prefer.
We hope you enjoy the rocket to infinity and beyond.Christophe LassuytCo-founder & CFO"
you idiots still buying into this shit....a token which is based on thin air, trying to compete in a crowded industry where paypal could and would just pivot and kill them overnightycombinator is not special, despite what you might believe, they throw darts and use probability to get a few to stick
FUD is already priced in.
Someone missed buying the dip.
Dear Mr. Sergey.Hello we are paypal and over the next several months we are switching our whole service over to blockchain.
You don't have to worry about anything.
And the best thing for you Sergey is, that or service is cheaper and faster than ever.Best regards your Paypal teamPS: Your first 5 Transactions with the new system are for free.REQ = dead.
How is PayPal going to pay the bills?
apparently there's some salty people who missed the dip
Isn't this still the dip?
I bought mine at 600 sats
it was at 400-500 sats...technically still a great price and under ICO price.
This will be 25+ cents by early 2018.
fuck off nigger
Why wouldn’t paypal just buy Request out if it was threatened?
Especially if Req’s dev was far ahead of PayPal’s.
That would also make the price of Req go way up.
it was about that much for a single day, I'm not that fast
If the would buy REQ (WOULD) then Req token is getting worthless.
They would buy the Tech, the team, the brand.
Nothing to do with token value.
This is not a stock company.
legally if Paypal were to buy Request, they would probably offer a buyout of token holders or the token functionality would go along with the platform.
So much unfounded FUD, it's kinda hilarious.
YC incubator + ING + Paypal buyout rumors + token burn + future staking...what isn't to like?...or you can keep buying up your worthless shit coins.
your choice :)