What if B2X was just an elaborate hoax this entire time?
They never intended on actually going through with the fork in the first place.
They just wanted to pump BTC, buy cheap alts, and worst of all sell futures on a coin that would never exist.
They knew exactly what would happen and it all went according to plan.
yes
Welcome to the Chad club...
Or maybe it was the publicity for BTC to attract more normies by making the deadlines.
This was an elaborate plan done by the crypto cartel.
All the big players basically fucked over the little guys like you and me.
Instead of getting fucked over by rich financial institutions, we are getting done by people like Jihan Wu
*headlines
They didn't even bother to come up with a name of the coming coin.
no fucking shit.
take a look boys, this is how markets are manipulated.
some insiders with knowledge of the fork cancelation just made shitons of money.
4254621This is just the beginning.
They'll try this shit again, but next time they'll pull something else unexpected.
I might not even be prepared even after this shit.
The whales will always be one step ahead of retail investors and /biz/.
Who knows what crazy scheme they'll cook up next, but the results will line their pockets.
The cons of decentralized cuckery
Wait.
So can someone explain to this brainlet nocoiner how this decentralised currency is stronger than all the banks and governments when 6 people were able to fork and send the community into dissaray?
i thought s2x was a hoax for a bch flippening
my tinfoil hat is ready
WOW, TINFOIL HAT MUCH M8?
?S-STOP SAYING SUCH NONSENSE OR DO YOU WANT A VISIT FROM THE FBI?
who are "they"
Congrats.
You just realized it’s all a ponzi
TEH ILLUMINATIES OF COURCSE
If you were following closely, there was speculation for weeks now that B2X might not actually happen.
This wasn't THAT much of a surprise.
>What ifIt's actually what happened.These fucking shitheads should be in jail.
They won't be jailed, and I don't want them to be.That would entail the entire market being cucked by regulation.No, they should be tortured and/or shot.
haha jk we're not doing it>futures crash>buy a shitload of them>haha actually jk jk we are doing it haha>futures moon>sell futures>hahahaha I kid i kid, we're really not doing it
Hahah greedy faggots salty cuz they missed out on muh free moneyyyyyyyyy ;( hope you faggots went all in on B2X futures KEK
lmao.
Wouldn't put it past these Chink faggots
Nope, mostly holding BTC and XMR.Only thing that happened to me personally was I missed out on the alt pump today because it happened earlier than expected.Still pretty comfy DESU, but this whole thing is just fucking wrong.
How can that be legal?Taking money for a coin that won't ever exist?
LEGALjust lol
/biz/ just spent the last 5 months autistically screeching at the SEC to leave them alone.you reap what you sow, I guess
Still pretty comfy DESU, but this whole thing is just fucking wrong.there are a lot of wrong and shady things with cryptoall that stuff will bite us in the ass one day when we least expect it
Yep.Look at the BCH pump.
Its due to insiders knowing 2x would be cancelled
What if B2X was just an elaborate hoax this entire time?
Alts hit a major low on 2 November.>Segwit2x Futures top out and start crashing immediately after.But I'm sure it's just a (((Cohencidence)))