spend all my crypto gains on onaholes.
no regrets
dont throw awey box, you cann sell it to collectors for millions after china build human cloning plant and start to sell loli slaves to everebody
this is odd
That's why I'm into crypto too desu.Good job bud.
PEDO
awesome
virgin agewhat did you think of it?
is it worth like €50 which i'd have to pay?its gotten pretty good reviews so im thinking about ordering it but the shipping costs a bit
kek hell yes.
if you hold 21 btc, you'll be in the future billionaire club.
Imagine people like you with a vast quantity of global wealth.
Tremendous
My first onahole, the most simulating one...I bought another one later one because I used it too much
I laughed at first, then slowly became disgusted.
What the fuck man.
I don't know how much all of that cost but surely you could have at least got an hour with a decent escort for an similar price?
thanks, i'll be ordering one as soon as i get my next neet paycheck
nice one vitalik
"black cock booster"
It's just plastic you ding dong.
if you hold 21 btc, you'll be in the future billionaire club
This looks so fucking pathetic, enjoy cleaning your spunk from them kek.
Also the girls look underage, which is additionally disturbing.
onaholes kek>not using all that money to buy a supreme realistic sex doll
underagedIts fictional, you have to go back
Well done Vitalik, well done.
brand new onahole>used up escortinstead of infinite pleassure
implying the experience is the same
not a single tomaxfucking degenerate
spent the rest on anal toys and some cosplay
You could've bought limited editions and resell them at a half or 2x higher than the original price.Just tell them it's unused, a lot of retards fall for that.
implying the experience of a 3D literal whore is best.Your whore desease ridden biocunt with leftovers in her pozhole is full of shit in both ways,a lot of whores who made their living out of man,later become the most feminazi and unlike their landwhales they are passable for betafags providers thus are kept as spokes womyn and are regarded as stronk and independent.
I got this too... Just not in the picture, comes with a disk

I am currently paying a travel + lunch/dinners + hotel to my wife.Onaholes are wayyyy worth the money.
Google Image search: 0 hits.
Yes indeed my good sir, I'm shocked to find another man of such exquisite tastes on /biz/.As such I'll show my collection and add a good piece of advice,use your old onna holes to hide inside your silver and gold coins(as seen in pic),there is an unwritten rule were no man regardless of his criminal status will fondle with another man's onna hole.And that is how you keep this /biz/relevant.
4362654Forgot pic
I had one, but managed to drill a hole into it with my dick (don't buy unless you are small).
Got ぷにあなDX afterwards and that's been good for few years now.
4362654ぷにあなDx masterrace
Here's the pic.
Dark winter + crappy phone camera.