Athene the international scammer and cult leader is releasing his own ERC20 token called "Purpose" (PRPS) His real name is Bachir Boumaaza, he currently lives in a re-purposed former Nazi Hospital in Germany and recruits followers to come and live with him (depressed betas) who he forces to work on his projects for no pay in exchange for food and shelter.
He also created his own religion called Neuro-spinozism (or Athenism) which grants him tax exemption in GermanyHis token is clearly a scam.
He has NO whitepaper, roadmap, or any details whatsoever, yet is currently selling it to his naïve Twitch stream viewers and has earned over $250,000 to date.
With 1 BILLION coin supply he is pre-selling them for $0.50.
He has stated repeatedly that he expects his coin will reach as high as $5-10 despite the total supply.
He even said he'd buy all coins from exchanges that are trading under the pre-sale $0.50 price to control the floor: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KcJDwxkq1LMRecently some anons were concerned with him making these kinds of verbal commitments and mused over taking legal action.
Athene became aware of this discussion and actually responded to it live on stream, first acknowledging the hacker 4chan (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qmqZp5XSfGk) and then addressing his position regarding the law https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J9Ohl25LqDQSounds like what's going on here is that all of these stream donations are going to Reese (his partner) whereas Athene's the one that actually holds all of the PRPS in his own wallet.
So when Reese receives donations, Athene just so happens, out of the goodness of his heart, to give 2 PRPS for every $1 donated to his buddy and thinks this absolves him of all legal responsibility in the schemeIn all likelihood as soon as PRPS hits exchanges, Athene himself will just dump a huge portion of his own supply, or get one of his minions to do so for their benefitHistory of Athene https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FETDudTcFXg
Athene's recites his disclaimer - says he's beyond reproach and above the law:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hMMX7KEx-Z0
After the token goes public you can purchase it with BTC or ETH and receive PRPS immediately, but if you decide to pay with PayPal/credit card, you get an intermediary "HOPE" token instead, which transforms into PRPS after 6 months (to protect against charge backs)Also, you can lock your PRPS (through a smart contract) for 3, 6, or 12 months and receive "HODL" tokens as interest (1, 2, or 4% depending on term), the HODL is like a weaker version of PRPS (worth 1/10th or some such) Schemes upon schemes upon schemes...
neat where do I buy?
thank you OP for letting me know.
I remember when I was 15 and liked his WoW videos.
the turned into a complete scammer over a countless failed "community" projects, so I stopped following him.
he looks and talks like a fucking parasite how on earth anyone can follow this piece of shit.
the end is here