WHY ANON WHY I KEPT TELLING YOU TO BUY IT FUCK YOU FOR NOT BUYING IT.
FUCK YOU FOR CALLING IT A SHITCOIN YOU DESVERED IT.ITS GREEN NOW
we are vindicated bro.
soon we'll say goodbye to wagecucking.
hold me anon, we'll make it together, fuck the pajeets, they don't know shit about net neutralitly and the big problems it brings when removed
>make 10x money>help the world at the same timesunshine and rainbows coinSub coin is best coin
The problem is that no one on this board does their own research, or any research at all for that matter.
That's why they shat on ETH at first.
That's why they shat on ARK at first, and that's why they don't care about SUB.
When I read up on this coin I literally couldn't believe the volume and supply levels.
Put 40% into it.
This is EASILY $3 by Q4-18 and thats a reasonable non overbloated estimate.
I should also add that I would literally give my left leg to find another coin with the untapped potential of this at the cheap price I got my SUB's at
shift?
shift doesn't have the team or the vision.
SUB team understands that one of the biggest and most important aspects is making it user-friendly for mass adoption.SUB will have accomplished in 4 months was SHIFT hasn't accomplished since 2015.
45222564522167tfw bought 12.7k on a whim last night because of biz threads>already up $1000Thanks biz
350 million coins>eth token>surely this is worth 25 cents a coint.
retard on /biz/
Exactly this.
That team vision, communication and credibility is off the fucking charts.
POWR>EOS>OMG>Raiden Network>WaltonHoly fuck you're retarded
not an argument.i look forward to your pink wojaks between now and january, faggit.
das it mane.
this will be a top 10 coin.
screencap this.
SHIFT doesn't have a CEO who tweets 24/7 about the price.
SUB is a 100% whitepaper and hype coin.
If they were actually creating a good product, they wouldn't hype the shit out of it, but invest their time into development.
I am actually invested in SUB, not because i belive in them, but to ride the hype and make some gains.
I will dump my SUBs the day before they release their beta product, because i know the team is shit and investors will be disappointed.
team has PR smarts>automatically is shityeah bud, no company with a good product is proud and shills their own shit.
i mean, they only worked with apple, nba, hp, kodak, cardinal health and fucking american express, amirite?these guys clearly have no experience /s
I worked at a company that worked with Lamborghini, Audi, Porsche, Mercedes and many more.
That doesn't mean shit.
Okay if you are directly employed by Apple or Facebook thats impressive, but it is not if you are emloyed by another unknown company that made some works for them.
too late to buy?
Seriously.
I got a bud who technically works for Google - which is to say he works in a call centre within a company subcontracted by Google.
only 10% of my portfolio :(
I bought it a month ago.
and sold yesterday for some power.. FML
4523017I hate lazy fucks like you.
Just DO YOUR RESEARCH instead of spreading FUD you niggerfaggots.The guy who worked at American Express worked at on implementation of several features to the primary multi-tenant codebase serving all the flagship AMEX Serve sites.The guy who worked with NBA, Kodak, hp, Apple, Disney and more worked with them through his private company called Override Pro, which worked doing web and desktop development.The guy who worked at Cardinal health was dev fucking manager.Can you FUDders go fuck yourselves already?
Jesus.