Yea I think I'm good on buying a technology created by a fuckin flat-earther LOLhttps://www.reddit.com/r/Buttcoin/comments/4936kw/lukejr_is_a_seriously_a_super_crazy_person_quotes/

But anon who cares about that when you realize how passionate he is about the project!
?https://vid.me/66PC1
let me suck on your head
nah luke's a good guya bit eccentric, but aren't we all
No, actually we aren't all autistic faggots that think the earth is flat.
LOL
Add the hurricane thing
and you choose to invest into a terrorist instead of a moron?
you know that luke picture is photo shopped rightit literally means nothing what he looks like photoshoppedyou can't do a comparison like that roflits like putting a photo of a penis next to this guys will smith picture and going "LOL"lie....yes...it was photoshopped to look like a penis, captain obvious.i cant beleive i have to explain thisbcrashers are literally retarded
max kek
first thought that came to mind was mount and blade faces...
Core is btfo
I'm here just to make money.
Don't really give a shit.
Btw have seen how Fiat was created.
Hey guys, let's look at this, someone must have put a lot of work into this stuff.
It's not even funny-it's important.
Important for you to read.See!
He sold FIREWORKS GUYS!
FIREWORKS!
That makes him completely UNQUALIFIED to advocate for anything related to economic freedom!
He's basically Hitler.
And he's leading Bitcoin cash!
Look at that!
Really serious!
You better not buy Bitcoin cash ever because some guy supporting it sold FIREWORKS.
ILLWEEGAL FiREWORKS.
A BABY could have gotten her arm blown off or something.Well fellow kids, I'm glad you got the message- Bitcoin Cash is evil and it's totally no one's job on here to shill you on BTC.
this sounds completely made up
Man, people into finance are the fucking most psycho people on earth.
gb2/bed Luke
fuck it.
buying confido fuck everything else
did you read what it said?
roger genocided a village.
it's not unfortunately.
you can verify it by going the link in the infographic.
You know that the core are legit scared right now when they start spreading bullshit propaganda like this.They know that BTC's days are numbered, yet they are reluctant to a change.
Since when have people here cared if someone making something was a crazy?
People here used to fucking love that shit.
Now apparently everyone needs to be as normal as possibleThis flip in personality is weird
wtf I love core now
what exactly has this guy got to do with bitcoin?if people didn't want his code contributions then they wouldn't be running it, and if people are, they don't give a shit.go cry elsewhere.
I just get paid to copy and paste stuff.
I am friends with his brother.
Ask me any meme.
I got word from his brother had Luke-Jr said Segwit2x was just a scheme to PND BCH
flat-earther is the code-word.Pump it.