IT BEGINS
What are your buy orders at guys?
I'd love to see $6000 again.
mmm thinking of going into tether
I hope you listened.
yeah sure
thread themehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UsLPqZsqRfM
Go to bed, Roger.
What do the little bars at the bottom mean?
Volume.
Look at my pic in OP.
Large amount of volume being sold right now.
the black friday dump is coming.
go into tether or your favorite shitcoins anon.
BTC DumpETH PumpI love Black Friday
go into tether
THIS.
NEXT STOP LAMBO LAND.
SERIOUSLY.
How come in that dip in the middle there is a lot of sell volume but then it recovers with little buy volume?
I no longer believe in the 20% drop Black Friday meme.
BTC has entered a new pattern of behavior.
This crocodile teeth stuff is the new normal.
But WE SHALL SEE.
That's the way volume patterns work herebig green = mostly buyers.
You win here by selling/shorting.big red = mostly sellers.
You win here by buying/longing.It's really not that hard.
Prices will return to a mean when the volatility ends.
Works 90% of the time every time.
So how exactly is the price on the graph determined?
I imagine many people are buying and selling at different prices.
Is it an average?
A high or low?
If he's so good at predicting shit why does he need a referal link to make 0.0000001 btc per click.
What should we set buy orders to lads?
I'm thinking it'll touch $7900 or maybe $7800 overnight.
Why does anyone do anything?
I like to help foster a more healthy market by spreading honest information that would normally be completely cryptic to outsiders or novices.
I've made plenty and just want to share how I've made money with nucoiners in a straightforward way.
I don't really care too much about the referrals although they are a nice source of passive side money and a way to say thanks for the helpful information.
It also helps protect the occasional person from getting burned by a genuine scam.
I used to shitpost on 4chan just for the sake of it but I've found a more constructive avenue to direct my shitposting here in the Board of Opportunity, /biz/.Price shown is always the "last" price, whatever the asset last traded at with a market order.
There are two kinds of orders, market orders and limit orders - people who take (takers) from the book and people who make (makers) the book respectively.
The generic candles OP is using show us the price within 5 minute chunks.By big green and big red, I mean only on candles which show buying/selling volume, OP's graph blends them together into a boring grey bar.
Ok I've seen market orders and limit orders in my exchange.
So how are market orders filled?
Through limit orders?
OH MY GOD ITS ALL GONEWHY WHY WHY WHY WHY AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
How is it determined if a volume bar is red or green?
It takes the color of the candle at the same time?
>pulled out at $8200feels good man
get the fuck off of biz if you can't read candle and need your hand held for every little thingdumb money like you will crash the market
Use better charts that show volume properly, but I suppose you could discern it from observation.
Just be aware that the vast majority of the market is NOT manual trading but like any other modern market, it's mostly high volume bots so as a manual day trader trying to approach things from the ground up, you have a big ass learning curve and should use the best possible information available to you.Other way around.
Market orders fill limit orders.
Limits are set at specific prices, market orders meet the limits.Further there are two types of limit orders, one for each side of the order book.
Limit orders wanting to buy are bids, while limit orders wanting to sell are asks.
Muh shill thread deleted FoR FrEe but I post from beyond the grave.
Fuck you jihan
im hodling BTC and going to sleep, I think it will be back to normal by the morning.if not, ill just hodl for longer, no big deal.
This my man.
Have no fear, BTC will be 10k by EOY.
I had weak hands and sold my BTCs bought at 5.9k and 6.9k during the last BCH scare.
It might dip for a day or two, but it will recover.
Can't wait for it to hit new ATH in three days
what the fuck theres red or green?
im colorblind, this whole time i thought it was one color
lmao
See, like I said.
You saw that drop to 7900, and then RIGHT back up?There will be no deep Black Friday discount.
Anything in the 7000s is going to be obliterated by buyers.
EVERYONE is down there licking their chops.This game has changed.
You are already seeing BTC price get chopped at because of BCH and we haven't even started clogging your mempool or stealing your miners yet.Prepare for the ultimate JUST in all of crypto when the flippening happens.
Bow to the king, shitcoiner!NOTHING will stop BTC from getting to $10K.
physics would like a word.
Crypto doesn't need physics.
It makes gains out of nothing.
Magic internet money.
MAGIC
/10 parody would admit to core dev team.
Should hit about $7300 to $7,100, as per chart posted 3 days agoLove lain
Question is do you have the balls to hodl when BCH falls below $800 again, bet you sell before it hits $1k
"we" as if you have anything to do with it.
FUCKING LEGION GUYS!