What's the next shitcoin we are shilling hard so newfags are losing their money?
Bitcoin
Bitcoin
4426830The CME with their futures will do this anyway, no need to waste energy.
the answer is always bitcoin
NEO Coin
 REQ> shitty tokenpick one
Holding 10k REQC O M F Y
Every day -(5-10%)How can you feel comfy?
Holding 25kThinking of selling my BTC to get moreConvince me otherwise /biz/
selling btc is retarded.
it's going to 10k.
Just buy more btc.
Because it's the best project of its kind and its a longhodl position, so temporary price fluctuations don't matter.
Linkies who claim to be longhodlers who believe link will actually succeed as a real product should adopt his/hers attitude.It really doesn't matter if it falls or goes up temporarily if you're in it for the long haul.
Hodling BTC is retarded.
It's going to be subjected to chain death and subsequent mass panic sales after its next difficulty adjustment.
Because holding long term worked out so well in cryptoAnd don't come up with some random ETH / BTC comparisonCrypto space is hype / speculation / rumours and REQ doesn't want any of that, therefore it will slowly die off and be forgotten.
Because long term it will rise
Chain death?
this
4427250you need to go check out the reddit and read around a bit.
With REQ you aren't really buying a crypto currency you are more investing in a company.
Oh wait you’re a BCHtard
guys I've gotten wind that KIN is about to moonget in the rocket to the lambo solar system lads
44274124427351LISTEN UP FAGSI've been in crypto for years and /biz STILL gets it wrong.
REQ went from 500 to over 1000 sat, which is where you should have sold.HODL is a meme.
USE altcoin gains to stack more btc.
that is the game we play.
buy low, sell high.
STOP BEING ATTACHED TO COINS.I'm trying to help you, /biz/.
I was broke, and now i am giving back.Follow @nasaaids on twitter for my calls.-crypto goober.
>god speed anons
if you went by this strategy and you bought ETH or NEO at 5 and sold at 10 you'd be fucking crying right now.
also I'm not interesting in flipping and watching charts all day everyday.
I got shit to do.Investing in a few potential big ones and waiting a few months is better for my health.
yeah, it'll die off and be forgotten until it takes over paypal, and then it'll 10000x in a week and you'll be wishing you got in you filthy pajeet
thanks for your advice, but i dont want to have all this stress and watching which coin i now need to sell etc.im hodling and looking forward what the future might bring
doesn't even know what chain death is>has a strong opinion about who will win between BTC and BCHLet's see how well that works for you.
I've been in crypto for years and /biz STILL gets it wrong.
REQ went from 500 to over 1000 sat, which is where you should have sold.Stopped reading here.
Thank you Captain Hindsight.
You piece of shit.
this.
https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/rlc/Some people are still waiting for it to moon ;)Get over it.
Hodling is a meme.
Kekd
Keep holding btc.
It's gonna keep skyrocketing while req stays there until next year.
By then you're gonna buy more req with even more overpriced btc,
LOL yea because you think that every coin is gonna do an ETH or NEO moonshot.EX.
1= LINK EX 2= ETP EX3 = NULSStop being delusional ANON.
take your profits and GTFO-cryptogoober
4427663BEST ADVICE: HODLING IS A MEME!
TAKE PROFIT AND GTFO TO BTCEXAMPLES OF BAGHOLDERS ON /BIZ/:DGBDNT KYB ARKOMGLINK BCHWTCSTOP BUYING TOPS AND BE SMART-CRYPTOGOOBER>GOODLUCK
Unless the long term rise is absolutely gigantic it will still lose to just holding boring bitcoin.
You forgot REQ
buying btc at ath shortly before the chain death
I'm listening.
What alt coins should I put money into then?
And you suggest BTC is always king?
you're fucking retarded.
in the last year, btc has what, 10xed?
there are at least 100 coins that have done 10x or more in the last year.
there are probably 50+ coins that have 20xed as well, with 25+ that have 100xed.
so yeah, exit all alts after a 50% increase and jump back to btc, but us smart guys will wait for our coins to go 100x
REQ is>PayPal 2.0 AND>EY, PWC, KPMG, Deloitte....together>Easiest x100 in my life
Because my name is not Rakeesh.
REQ at $5 in EOY 2018
Cannot even stay above Ico level, but will be at a 4,5B mcapFcking deluded
first of all, more like 3B market capsecond of all, YES5$ coin boiz
literally bought more todaysee you on the moon soon
You cannot even do basic mathe5x630M is 3B???
Fucking pajeet
Are you retarded?
5*630 = 3150.
AGREEaddendum:when you sell an altcoin after getting that 10x, keep 20-30% and stash it away, in case it goes up another 10x
REQ will be my real test of patience.But I really do believe this is a solid investment.
It's a 6-month or longer play.If you're not holding at least 100K, you will regret it in 2018.
wish i had the money for that
4428464plus the token will be BURNED, 20% a year every year