Okay guys let me work this out here.
We have all these different Crypto Currencies and their actual use cases to help people be more effective and actually make a change in the world, and all we are doing here is shill the next flavor of the week coin to each other.
Why do we do that it's brainless.
We have this new technology that everyone can get into, that is accessible for free to everyone with an internet connection which you can learn and understand without having a formal education about it.
Why dont we instead help each other and get rich while doing it, we could actually make a change in the world for what it's worth, I mean not just investing in projects I mean help good project grow and lead them to national adaption etc.
We're the early adapters we just need smart people with a purpose, other than money, who are willing to put in the time and effort to make this technology grow and adapt to the world.I'm not saying I'm an expert in the matter either but I see all the potential crypto has and want to contribute to something bigger than just my Blockfolio.Help me out none pajeets of /biz/ why aren't we actually trying to do something productive?
Because humans are greedy and irrational.
unfortunately this.
After learning about the technological potential of blockchain I started spending every waking hour learning to program, went from python to go/javascript in a few months.
Learning everything I need to be a Dapp developer, but I want to be more then that so by next year I hope to have enough understanding of these languages and the githubs of major projects that I can start making some contributions.
This also makes me completely safe from any crypto-crash,
That is some incredible dedication I think you'll go far if you keep up your work and stay passionate about your coding.
I'm not really into code, I'd much rather try and convince people how useful the technology is.Yeah sadly but with enough conviction and clarity I'm sure we'll be able to convince even those people that this technology can truly revolutionize the monetary transaction system and many other exchanges of information etc..
Right now I'm trying to learn as much as I can about the block chain how it works and it's use cases.
good luck convincing the people who are gaming the current system to give up their form of control.
Because while people here accuse nogs of being lazy and taking advantage of the system that feeds them while simultaneously destroying it, in reality that is exactly what they are doing in crypto, which they consider their savior from the system that nogs and commies destroyed.
Alas, the early adaptors are (for the most part), doing to this new system exactly what they left the old system for.
As to why they are doing this, it is because humans are dumb, greedy apes.
Thanks man, from playing video games all day to coding and talking to other developers all day.
I hope I do and think I will once I start posting to github and truly networking.
I hope you figure out how to forward this future everyone's building.
I think the same, biz has a great potential to make some great stuff .
But its also full of greeds and shilling pajeets