So, recently the company I've worked at closed.
I'm a full-stack developer (HTML/JS/Node) and made some good money back then, but now I'm pretty much living off my savings.I'm living in Poland which makes things a bit harder if I want to be properly rewarded for my work.I've managed to get a remote job at an NY-based company, but their pay is laughably low, $12/hr.
They won't get higher, so I took it, because I have debt to pay and don't want to be left without nothing.
But still, it's not enough.I've tried announcing myself at many freelancing and remote-working websites, but the $12/hr salary was the best I could find.I'm slowly becoming disgruntled with this state of things.How the hell do I find a good remote job?I'm getting depressed seeing how my live savings are getting shaved away while I'm just trying to live day to day and working my ass off 40-50h/week.I would gladly work on some service, or even create a new website/service on my own, but I don't have enough money and marketing skills to promote it any way, so it would be fruitless as shit.
Just write a trading bot, you have the coding knwoledge.
You can make it pretty easily
Try peopleperhour.com or fiver.Freelance and offer your skills to people, I make a decent amount of cash and self taught web dev.
If I get stuck on something I just outsource the work to a Pajeet in India who does it for 1 dollar an hour.Easy cash
Pack your bags and leave poland, try big cities to the west for a decent job and leave your country behind
Actually I've written some in the past, but they didn't do very well.
What's the secret?
Technical analysis based on MACD, SAR and BB was very unreliable and never went anywhere, whatever I gained I lost.
Freelance and offer your skills to people, I make a decent amount of cash and self taught web dev.
If I get stuck on something I just outsource the work to a Pajeet in India who does it for 1 dollar an hour.Actually Pajeets are the biggest problem when it comes to providing this kind of services.
There's no way to be competitive against them.
Their communication skills are usually total shit, but they do a decent job for peanuts.What you said is very alluring, but how would I even approach this?If my situation was different I would gladly do it, but I have a non-english-speaking wife and kids to take care of.
Don't bother with Fiver or PPH - the people that use those sites want to pay peanuts.
Those marketplaces are saturated with developers from cheap countries.
Use sites like https://remoteok.io/ or StackOverflow which have actual companies looking to hire remote team members.Could you go for six months without your wife and kids?
If so, take a six month contract in London.
That will boost the savings and give you a decent network for finding better paying remote work.Blog.
Write a book.
Record video tutorials.
Talk at conferences.
Have everything linking back to your portfolio site, where you describe your past projects.
Get a reputation for being a bit expensive, but totally worth it.
You have to build the reputation though - people will pay more for "Piotr the expert in xyz" than for "Random guy from Poland bidding on my project".
Been learning node.js and slowly backing away after reading your thread , I'm a jobless italian developer (Laravel/php) i thought node.js would open some doors but apparently the golden age of developers is coming to an end
No its not.
Devs make 2 to 3k euros after tax in warsaw, which is very good for poland.
Very high demand to.
If you are very good you can make more.
In fact even money op makes off this remote job is above average and should make for comfy living.
Obviously yoa are not going to drive lambo off such salary but thats different thing.
, 3k euros i dont know man here in italy devs usually make 1k- 2k if you're lucky and the high cost of the living here will force you to have a shitty life, maybe i should move on
there are plenty of websites, like upwork, though i am sure there are better ones for your skills, where you can bid on job and that kind of thing.
have a portfolio, you type in good english so it wont be a problem getting freelance work.
set your prices higher than normal so that people know you are quality