>BTC overwins BCH>Confidence is back>BTCwill surpass 10k>RIP ALTS AGAIN
if bch doesnt kill btc then im taking every alt fag in /biz/ down with me
you'd think they'd learn
Literally the same thing happened in august for people that made a shitton good for them.
For the people bagholding this shitcoin they deserve it
BCH gained huge momentum against BTC for the past few days>Alts were still dyingThere should be one clear winner and it should not make constant moon missions rather than a steady growth.
That's the only way alts will ever moon again.
Two currencies acting as Bitcoin are just holding up money that can go elsewhere.
It's not the stock market, degenerate.Shitcoins do not have a god given right to exist.Provide a better alternative to bitcoin or fucking die.
lmao, there are multiple alternatives far superior to BTC, but that doesn't matter in this market.
shit's driven by hype, nothing more.
Provide a better alternative to bitcoin or fucking die.lol even dogecoin is better than btc.
No shitcoin faces the same dilemma of scaling whilst maintaining the decentralisation of bitcoin because no cunt uses them.
Who is using btc?
Other than buying "shitcoins" it has no use.
There are more transfers occurring via btc than any shitcoin.Prove me wrong.
I'll wait.
Provide a better alternative to bitcoin or fucking die.>What is IOTA>What is Decred>What is Monero
IOTAoh hi, you must be new.
You seem to be a pure autistic but fair point.
Alts don't have to exist.
I myself am over 80% in BTC as we speak.
I'm just looking from alts' perspective.BTC is not the best crypto there is.
It has a first mover's advantage, and tens of billions of free media it got since 2013.
These are not bad things but they make it practically unbeatable even if you come up with and infinitely better coin.Also maximalism is more degenerate.
Yes i know about the IOTA sjw bullshit but it's literally the only crypto that scales beyond 1 tx per decade.
If BTC moons I make money.
If the alts moon I make money.
Spread your risk anons.
I don't think there is enough confidence gained for another ATH.
Maybe it goes back to 7kish, but nobody right in his mind would throw serious money at this now.
At least that's what I hope, otherwise my alts get holocausted again.
Most of them to get other coins.
In my country there is no crypto you can buy with fiat except bitcoin.
Big bang theory dedicating an entire episode to BTC.
Normie money will be flowing in