December is getting closer I bought more at 22 cents because of the fork.
We are looking good now.
how good?
someone is holding it at 4k satsI have a feeling its going to dip back into 3100
Stop
One more dip and we're probably off to the races, shrimp groups getting pissy.Remember iOS and android by xmas and then ICOs shortly after.
Mastermind behind the pump.
Scammer.
no involvement behind project anymorewe all know what you did jordan, sagefit
Ask him his role and what he is working on and he cant give you an answer.
he is a thief
Let's follow through on your narrative for a moment, as an exercise in critical thinking.First: Sagemark is a known scammer.Second: Only involved in the project because he "is the mastermind behind the pump"Third: Has no involvement beyond this in the project.Those are your claims, now let's think it through.If you had a "known scammer" why would you make him a part of the team, and publicly so?
Further to that, why would you put him in the most public facing position?
Surely, if your sole goal was a quick buck from a scam, you would keep anything that could be used to slow/stop upward price motion out of the limelight.
Instead, ODN seems to have done the opposite.
If they wanted to pull a scam, and needed his ability to "mastermind the pump" they would not have made it known that he was involved.
So what's the explanation?
Why do you like downies?
Crypto is unregulated.
he has a reputation for pumping coins and publicly says so even going back to pinkcoin.
throwing a few hundred thousand dollars in the start of listing to make buyers buy high while being on the project to see it out was his role.what has he done for the project except talk in slack.
the team needed someone who has a lot of money and has connections and he was the guy.
now he will bail on the coin once that was already established.
You ignored my question.
Try once more.
Why would they make his connection public?
to increase the face value and legitimacy of the project.
until crypto becomes more regulated this shit will continue to happen.
he openly said he pumped pink coin and created a ton of bag holders then.
i hope this thread comes up in google search 6 months from now when hes no longer on the project.
that way he has a track record
Hire known scammer>To increase face value of coinSorry, you seem to have made an error.
Please try again.
Be consistent this time.
You can do it.
Holy shit you are naive.
Here I will give you an example for your brainlet mind to understand better.
You hire someone who is big in the industry to promote your product.
People in the industry know the strings behind how things work and when there is no regulation then nothing matters.
As long as the general public is unaware of whats going on behind the scenes and you are making money, they dont care about their past.
The only person that gets fucked is the investor.
Think Wall Street, think the early stages of online advertising technology, stop being a damn sheep for once and get your god damn head out of your ass.
So you would hire Bernie Madoff to lend legitimacy to your hedge fund?Come on dude.
Think this through.
You can do better.
You're taking an extreme example of a person that is an outlier in this kind of market.
Do you realize that many people in crypto, at that level, know the game they are playing and if it is mutually beneficial, then they will pursue it?
You are deluded if you think these big players have your best interest, or making a viable product in mind.
4276445You are literally one of the dumbest people I've ever met.
I am kind of mad at myself for having read what you've written.
Also, your weird obsession with this guy is borderline psychotic.
You need to stop and take a breath.
What you've been spamming on biz recently is not normal.
wake up you fucking sheep.
this project is going to the back of coinmarketcap.
they fired the guy who was the blockexplorer lead today without announcement
I'm not even in this fucking coin, but you spam this shit every day.
You seriously seem kind of fucked.
So your point about > You hire someone who is big in the industry to promote your product.
People in the industry know the strings behind how things work and when there is no regulation then nothing matters.Has no merit then?
So you have no explanation for why they would have sage as a known part of the team?
As opposed to what?
I'm literally just one guy for one coin.
I'm all in and truly believe in December it will hit 90 cents.
go hit up all the chainlink, Ark, req, ripple, xvg, bcc, ethereum,omisego, litecoin, and neo all get posted 190x more spammed.
With only ethereum actually having legit applications.
So kindly fuck off and have another SANA.
Link?
I wasn't responding to you, anon.
people in the industry know the strings behind how things work
Oh ya I saw that sorry about that bro.
>Whatsapp clone>visualcrypt recycled months later ODN knockoff emerges>visualcrypt rebranded again >muh $200 million dollar market cap free appstore download
What the fuck is with all the ODN threads popping up.
This shits been on the floor for weeks now.
some weirdo is touching himself while stalking an ODN community manager...