Is it too late /biz/?Been reading up on crypto for the past couple of months now, watching the market and whatnot.
If I buy BTC on the lows/dips over the next few months, assuming there are forks, whales manipulating the currencies, and/or other events to discourage people from buying and encouraging people to sell, and I hold for a few years, could I make substantial returns/gains?
Wanna jump into the crypto craze but don't wanna be a wagecuck for the rest of my life.
Did I miss my shot at making millions?
Is it still possible for me to make a $100k in the next four to six years if I play my cards right?
not too late, but your expectations have to be somewhat realistic- if you're investing $100 you're not gonna make it.
I started with $250 put into crypto on Tuesday and have $500 today.
If that means anything to you
My initial plan was to invest $300.00 into BTC after the segwitX2 fork.
But since that fell through I didn't bother.
I caught the little dip that BTC went on (think it's lowest in the past seven days was around ($5600?)
and am kind of beating myself up for it now.
Had I invested then, I'd be up somewhat.
I'm thinking it's definitely still possible to capitalize on BTC and the crypto market, and turn a decent profit, but I wouldn't invest too much into Alts right now either.
I'm banking on TRST (trustcoin) to potentially take off, since it's backed by ETH and the business model sounds solid.
So I was thinking of dropping some spare change into that coin, but mainly just focusing on BTC, and altnerating between BTC and cash.
I'm just afraid of getting fucked over.
I don't wanna screw this up man.
I've been poor my whole life growing up.
I'm at my lowest right now and I wanna get out of it.
Doing my best to stay educated on the game but I'm looking for advice from some of the guys who have been relatively successful thus far.
Any tips welcome.
I've been doing this sort of seriously for about 5 months.
Started with ~$200 USD, and now sitting at $771 USD as of right now.
My only advice is to not throw money at crypto that you can't afford to lose, keep a diverse portfolio, and stay away from clear pump and dumps unless you're ready to take serious risk.
psst.
if anyone's still reading this, look into trading bots.
Seriously, you need to buy Bitcoin (cash).
Fuck all the people that ideologically adhere to Bcore and just follow the money, and money follows the miners, and the miners are going to mine Bitcoin (cash) and let the legacy chain die.
It's gonna take you forever if you are trying to do it with BTC.
You'll probably do like most noobs and lose more daytrading it than you would just holding it...but even if you held a whole $300 worth and the price doubled in value, you'd only have $600, which isn't shit.My advice?
Invest it ALL on a coin that's currently between .50 cents and $5 that you like.
Make it something with some goddamn fundamentals and a real product or service that might have wide popularity.
Not a shitcoin.
Make it a company that's has something major coming up within the next few months at least in their roadmap, like an actual launch, bigtime partnership, etc.Do like I say and you have a chance to hit a coin that goes from, say, $5 to $25.
Then, your measly $300 becomes $1500, and you can do a lot more with that.But seriously, if you can at all, start with more money.
It's so much easier to make serious bank quickly when you're trading with thousands of dollars vs. hundreds.