Why is it that instead of switching to ETH, people are switching to shitcoins like BCH?
Both BTC and BCH are slow shitcoins, BCH is just slightly better than BTC, but Ethereum is miles ahead of both.
Will Ethereum moon to $1000 once this shitcoin battle finishes and both coins dump?
this guy is the reason
literally because it doesnt have the word coin in the title
DecentralizedNot inflationaryZero-confirmation transactions possible when you don't have shit blocksAdditional services can easily fill the gap if people piss themselves that someone will try and scam someone out of a coffee
Idk why but they dont want it to go up yet
bcrash is an attempt to swipe the "bitcoin" brandnormies don't know what ethereum is
because there's greedy kike ICOs ready to dump thousands upon thousands of ethers at market price the moment volume picks up and the price increases
Someone post the "BTC community VS Ethereum community" pic.
and ethereum is not slow?node networks were not meant to be fast, people buy bitcoin because its safe and can be secured without a third party.It took bitcoin years to get the lightning network and it has the biggest node network currently..so imagine how long it will take these other projects to develop the architecture to actually pull off the projects from a conceptual to physical level.
This.
ETH flipenning is realistic, but most people investing in BTC don't understand the technology or its implications, they only understand how much money they are making... and when BCH looks like its mooning they FOMO
No, it's because is a literal hackcoin and a kid can freeze 400m dollars worth of that shit.No one wants to invest on such a shitcoin.
That’s Parity, not Ethereum
If you can't understand that the wallet freeze was due to poorly written code and not Ethereum itself I think you should just kill yourself to be honest lol :)
*kills your contract *
BCH moon was a superwhale pnd.
It's already flowing back into BTC.
They exploited the S2X FUD and now they're going to ride BTC back up and leave the FOMOers holding their bags.
The only role ETH had in the whole thing was a safespace for sensibly risk-averse people to wait for the drama to play out.
I think it might reach 0.07 today
Because everything moons and this shit stays 300 all the time.
Otherwise the framework is probably the best out there.