What actually is the use case of bitcoin?
It's too volatile to be used as a currency or store of value.
This also means institutional investors won't be buying at ATH.
So who or what is driving the price up at this point.
normies, I guess or the whole tether conspiracy
normiesBTC is dinosaur tech by now, no one with 2 brain cells is buying this at this price>TFW Jamie was right and we're all stupid
bump
What actually is the use case of bitcoin?Getting more fiat, although Bitcoiners like to deny that.Have you ever asked yourself why everyone spouts that stupid "BITCOIN TO THE MOOOOON!!!!!!"
phrase?
End goal is functioning as a digital worldwide currency.
BTC is fucking terrible for that though so it'll probably be replaced one day by a technologically superior alt
44699534470881Yep, I think its only popular because it is mainstream.
If crypto ever fully catches mainstream then BTC is RIP.
Volatile relative to what?
1 BTC is always worth 1 BTC, currency values relative to each other fluctuate a lot and only the big 3 EUR,USD,JPY are "stable", they also all have negative interest rates.Negative.Interest.Rate.>BTC is volatile and riskyJust wait til the petrodollar isn't king any more.
BTC was meant to be a currency not a store of value.
From what I understand it takes too long and too much energy to function as currency.
So whats the point.
If you want store of value buy gold and silver.
Figure out what that replacement will be and become fucking rich.
Hope I can correctly make that call
If it happened today it would probably be ETH but at this point it could be anything if it ever gets to that point.
Fiat obviously.
Whenever someone values a bitcoin it's always in terms of the dollar.
>Good thing that gold is not volatile at all
no
I doubt it will be ETH or any coin that isn't actually built around being a currency.
Hell the replacement probably doesn't even exist yet.
Too many of the alts are just slightly better (but still better) BTC.
The new king needs to be a game changer in the space in one way or another
Because a digital store of value is useful; and because there isn't a binary difference between "currency" and "store of value", are stocks a currency?
But I can exchange them like currency.
BTC or a similar crypto will probably be the underlying asset for a whole range of shit, like the goal of mETH before it went pedo
NEWBIE OP..........DO YOUR FUCKIN KEGELS.
A MAN IS NEVER RICH WITHOUT HIS MANHOOD AND NOT BEING ABLE TO BARE.
STOP ASKING NEWB QUESTIONS, REALIZE BITCOIN IS GOD TIER CURRENCY AND ASK YOURSELF "AM I A MAN?"
NO YOU'RE NOT..............REPS OF 20..........GO.........NOW HERE'S A TOWL.
Entry to Altcoins>Store of value for Altcoin gains>most even spread among users (no single whale manipulating the price)>Biggest Market Cap>The above two make it the safest coin to invest to because it's safe to find a buyer>Literally the brand name.
Apple's phones aren't worth thousand dollars but people will buy it anyway because it's AppleWhy risk money on Altcoins if Bitcoin is a safe bet?
You call Bitcoin dinosaur tech but we are so SOOO far away from it even having breached mainstream it's a long way before Bitcoin is replaced.
ITS WHATEVVER WE SAY IT IS FUCKING BUY IT!
Considering Cryptos value is weighed against fiat for pricing, let me just say: duh.
It's too volatile to be used as a currency or store of valuexd
4471031Vertcoin my friends.
I'm asking for a fucking use case.
Right now it just seems to be a vehicle for speculation.
People buying at high prices because they think they can sell it for even higher later.
You call Bitcoin dinosaur tech but we are so SOOO far away from it even having breached mainstream it's a long way before Bitcoin is replaced.This is correct.
Still always nice to keep an eye out for promising usurpers and put just a little into them as they come along
What's the usecase of Gold?
It's the Gold Rush all over again, but instead of grabbing your pickaxe you sit here and laugh at people mining Gold, thinking Gold will be worthless in the future.
What makes Vertcoin inherently superior to BTC and other alts?
Shill it to me
But I can exchange them like currencyRaally?
You they take stocks at your gas station?
Mine doesn't.
XRP.It's too damn obvious
Mainly the ASIC miner resistance.
Otherwise it's basically Litecoin.
Litecoin will eventually face Bitcoin's problems too once it grows
What makes Vertcoin inherently superior to BTC and other alts?nothing that actually matters, it's just a bitcoin clone.
I still think we need to move away from PoW.
It's too costly energy-wise and can still be easily centralized by miners (though not as much as ASIC miners I'll agree)
We wouldn't be here right now talking about crypto if it weren't for the king.
You cucks would still be talking about NAK on robinhood.
Yeah store value is an emergent property of a good money btc cant even get the money part right.
We wouldn't be here right now talking about crypto if it weren't for the king.And so that means it should be in charge forever because it 'earned' it?
That's stupid.
Evolve or die in the tech space and BTC is tech
Xrp, bch and possibly iota
thanks for reminding me.
truly, being able to cum inside a pussy is worth 1 million bitcoins
It derives value from the failure of the fiat money system.
While I agree that PoW is inefficient, I believe PoW is what gives Bitcoin a lot of it's value.
People say Bitcoin has no underlying value, but it actually does have all the electricity put into it to create it.
And since it's a self correcting system you need to put in more power the more valuable it gets the more power you need to put in etc.
It's no coincidence the price jumps everytime a halving happens.
It's because it's so much harder to get a new Bitcoin than before.
I'll definite ride the PoW ride till Bitcoin is fully mainstream and people actually as a whole want to agree that the PoW system isn't sustainable and that we should collectively switch to an energy efficient system.
Then (or rather a little before that) I'll put my gains into stuff like Chiacoin or whatever comes in the future that's all about saving energy
whats the us case of goldOnly material in the universe that does not change with time, supreme store of excess labour developed as money in all civilizations independentlyHow the hell can you justify buying crypto if you dont understand gold
Not true.
Getting more x, where x can be anything that can be bought with money.
Id like to use BTC for all purchases at some point.
I'll put my gains into stuff like Chiacoin or whatever comes in the future that's all about saving energyThat's my bet right now
Only material in the universe that does not change with timeNeither does a virtual currency>supreme store of excess labour developed as money in all civilizations independentlyExplain how this can't be applied to Bitcoin.
4471579Blockstream changed the properties of bitcoin by maintaining the arbitrary 1mb block and introducing segwitIt can be applied to bitcoin cash but it wont be equal to gold as a store of value until the internet is indestructable, ubiquitous and decentralised.
I believe that will happen eventually but until then bitcoin cash is not competitive with gold as a store of value but it is a superior currency to gold and fiat
I used BTC to buy a 2,200 dollar de-lidded CPU (7980XE) from siliconlottery.comPlaces are starting to accept BTC as currency.
Within a few years, you'll be able to go into the Ford dealer and buy a 75,000 Raptor (my next truck, fuck Lambos) for 0.5 BTC.Thats "the use", you dipshit.
Indestructable because gold cannot be destroyedUbiquitous because i can use gold anywhere as a storw of value without an internet connectionDecentralised because the store of value of gold is not controlled by any partyBitcoin cash is superior to gold and fiat as currency because it is not centralised unlike fiat easily transferable unlike gold
Yup.
Normie here.
Id like to have all my earnings converted to BTC immediately.
Only a retard would choose an inflationary asset over a deflationary asset.The ruse is over.
I want to keep my purchasing power rather than turn it over to the powers that be.
Hello I'd like to take these gold bricks through customs please.It's wealth that's a bearer asset with no perceptible form.
making me more bitcoin

To sell it to somebody else at a higher price.