For any of you guys sitting on any decent amount of shit coins who aren't holding BTC explain your logic to me please?
I hold some alt coins, but I'm discriminating about it (kinda like the non-nigger neighborhoods I like).
I can see the argument for ETH, but why would you not hold at least 50% Bitcoin?
never doubted.
What's your portfolio distribution anon?
Mine is 85% Bitcoin, 7% BCH, 5% ETH... rest are shit coins
Bitcoin is king but it has to go down already for fucks sake.
Just correct the usual 40% so we can get it over with and go to 10k and beyond
No fork, no drop...
I was hoping for it to go sub-5k.
I don't think it's gonna happen.
Full steam ahead to $10k from here.
I should have listened.
I could have twice as much bitcoin right now if I sold alts off a few weeks ago.
% eth30% btc10% (LINK, FUN, OMG, 0X, MOD, KMD, KNC, BAT, GRID, SNM, GNT)
BOW FOR THE ONE TRUE KING
Price thoughts on ETH?
I have trouble thinking thinking this ever going to 10x from here because it seems disposable with the whole gas thing and how bad it went with the ICOs at the beginning of the year.
The fact it's not capped too (to my understanding) makes me think it'll never achieve the numbers BTC will.
Fix that mistake when it corrects anon... we'll all be laughing over cigars when BTC is 5 figures.
Shill me anon... why Monero and why do you think it has BTC potential levels (if you do)?
BTC will always be the most expensive.
I just got in really early on eth, and by really early i mean pre-sale and i don't wanna touch my presale wallet.
so, i'm stuck with a lot of eth :D
Dev's are only top tier academicsLiterally fulfills all of BTC's original promises You can not put your money into BTC without everybody knowing about it.
This becomes a problem when you have a lot
So you're suggesting that when Bitcoin moons from here in the coming years, it's better to not own any because people are going to know.Yeah, I'll take my chances.
No, I'm suggesting BTC isn't fit to go mainstream
kinda lost confidence in BTC during these ordeal.
People are literally talking about it at bars... they don't know how to buy perhaps, but it's mainstream
What ordeal... how it defeated a major fork today?
Only "ordeal" was scammers attacking Bitcoin.
They lost.
We won.
Get over it, Faggot.
Ancientfag miner here, switched to alts after mt.gox lost me what would now be worth close to $1m.
Not to say alts haven't turned me a healthy profit but we all still have to cash out to BTC before turning them into something more transferable.
Anyway, yeah, BTC will remain de facto store of value for the foreseeable future.
Companies that are blockchain-independent should be everyone's current focus if they want to get rich in the next 5y
We don't need your confidence.
We will charge forward heart first without you.
cuck.
Companies that are blockchain-independentI'm tired what does this mean?
its not going to crash, if it goes down ill buy more and so will everyone else.
The only way it is "correcting" is up
I too would like to knowwhat is the consensus on how far bitcoin will drop in the near future?
5k?
I'd like to get in soon but when it could dip soon.
This.
Everybody is anticipating a crash, which gives enormous buy pressure because everyone wants to buy cheaper BTC.
Nobody is gonna FUD BTC now and panic sell when it goes down bjt just accumulate more.
There's only two posaibilities I see right now1.
It dips a little and moons2.
It doesn't dip then people will wait for the dip and after some time realizing the dip isn't happening and the price still rising FOMO and BTC is gonna moon anyway.
There's really only one direction for it right now.
Makes me ponder to buy BTC right now because now people are still anticipating the dip which might be the only time to get BTC this cheap
I dont know how much it could dip, but it will not crash far and for long unless there is a major material negative event simply for the reason there is a tonne of demand.
The growth of the last few months is a shitload of new investors of all scales, and they are hungry to get cheap deals on thier new pet investment.
I know I amIMHO
I see.
So when will bitcoin replace the dollar?
Close.
I am a direct Descendant of William the Conqueror.
Good altcoins will almost certainly grow faster than BTC in the long run.That's the reason to hodl alts.If you can capitalize on their volatility and swing trade them all the better.
Name 3 Altcoins that you think will have a better growth than BTC next year
Many of the people now holding BTC got burned with 50% - 80% losses on Alts, and have at the very best an extreme loathing of them and anyone shilling them.
At the very worst, you might say they have a vicious need to exterminate their existence.
BCH
You're a fucking idiot
Easy.BLOCKLINKADA
So, having said that, this is a BTC thread.
You Alt shills might wanna move along.
NOW.
The OP addressed fucking alt holders.
I doubt anything like that will happen in first world countries, ever.
It will climb and climb until it gets destroyed by government(s), a new crypto replaces it, or a large proportion of investors feel its time to cash out once and for all.
Then it will enter a new phase with yet unknown behaviour.
I think I'd better move along then.
I'm in one of those moods where its a good thing none of you are in front of me physically.
For the peace of this board, I will show myself out, and come back when I've tamed the Monster in me once again, and can be polite.
Have a good evening.
All these crypto noobs and their alt coin obsession, thinking that Bitcoin only went up because of forks.
You'll learn.
im just going all in with what I can save each paycheck.
I was gonna eat drink or smoke it anyway
implying that the run from 4500 to 7500 was muh parabolic fundamentals and not fork hypeDeluded.
It was only partially fork hype.Most of it was due to the derivatives trading news.
implying bitcoin won't always shit on altcoins, forks or not.We'll see if you're right about it being fork hype.
You'd think it would have corrected hard after the fork was called off.
No it wasnt.
Bitcoin was already trading at $6300 on fork anticipation alone.
The run up to $7000+ was affected by the derivatives news but it was mainly caused by further Segwit2x anticipation.Yeah sure, thats why we're loaded as fuck by buying into ANS and OMG the past couple of months?
But whatever, keep convincing yourself that you'll make it if you have less than $100,000 in bitcoin.
NEO IS ABOUT TO EXPLODE!- Merk
Oh fuck yes Merk is back !
I agree bitcoin is king, for the mere fact that it is able to pull in more normie money in the crypto market.
Alts still have far superior growth potential though, just don't hodl bags like a retard.
Sometimes good alts have much more potential for larger gains.. (like now?)
Obviously the goal with altcoin trading is to get more bitcoin, so for short term trading it's even a stupid question to ask..One day the shitcoin bubble will explode and everything will be much simpler and more logical.
Bitcoin mainstream desu.
I saw it on the news the other night in the stock market rundown.
They're going to report on it every night.
It's getting pretty big.
I overheard some guy on campus explaining how transactions work too.
4262205Which is why these 100% bitcoin fags are deluded to think they are the "early adopters" at this phase.
Literally wont make it if you dont have at least 100k USD in your 100% Bitcoin portfolio.
The Big Bang Theory making an episode about BitcoinSell your coins
What the fuck
I don't have enough capital to have BTC give me any gains.
Fuck.
Better dump your alts a week prior.
This.
Jesus Christ my aunt always tells me, "You should watch it!
You're always on the computer!"
Now she'll crack jokes and ask about Kikecoin.
I'm gonna fucking kill myself I swear to fucking God.
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!
Now you have to cash most, not all coins into btc to cash out.
I and I think most people are going to buy eth or ltc with their btc and transfer that for the sake of saving time.I don't think btc is going anywhere soon, but when more coins can be bought and sold for eth or something else btc is going to lose its utility.
nice just admitted 100k
This