How do you keep doing this?
I am plagued by feelings of regret.Even if something looks good it is also a gamble.
So many moon missions I've missed because I'm not willing to take chances.I dream about having made it with all these crypto gains.
Then I wake up and prepare for another day of wagecucking.My soul cannot take this much longer.
A couple $20,000 swings up and down will numb you to it.
This.
yeah im in the same boat.
Missed so many 5x and 10x it hurts.
And its not like I spotted them when they were pumping, i was legit thinking of buying at ATL and didn't, then watched them moon and punched myself.Remember this: those who are afraid will remain poor.
Balls of steel is the only way to make it in crypto.
You just gotta say FUCK IT
somethings are more sure than others, so as long as you keep doing rational trades you will averagely profit if you believe you are more analytical than the average person
litterally just get started and start losing money.
you'll learn to stop having these delusions about how you could perfectly swing traded multiple coins to get 2 * 5 * 7x times gain in a week if you were just brave enough.
You're supposed to start with a small amount like $500 and $1000 and multiply it rofl.
What's the big deal?
You literally cannot lose money in crypto unless you keep chasing pumps or you have retard research skills since the whole industry is trending upwards.
Also hedge your fucking bets, don't go all in on FOMO, limit yourself to investing no more than 10-15% of your portfolio in any coin not in the top 10 (Excluding BCH, BCH investment okay if priced less than 0.08)
yeah it always looks so easy once it has pumped"oh i coulda bought here, sold here, rebought here etc etc".But we cant predict the future, only buy what we consider low and sell when you are happy with the profits.
I'd take multiple safe 30% gains over a potential 3x.
Dont get greedy
Balls of steel is the only way to make it in crypto.
You just gotta say FUCK ITDoing this now holding BCH and hate my life lol
You just gotta say FUCK ITOnly if backed by enough safety capital.
Going all-in and saying "FUCK IT" can result in lambo land, but it can also result in a $10 portfolio.Basically like this  except after going all in to BHC a day late, I fucking panicked and went right back.
Managed to lose like 20% of my everything in a couple of hours, very happy I didn't say "FUCK IT" and hold.
People think you can only moon mission on time scales of hours and days.
I’m here to say Not!
Buy, and hold.
Time will moon for you.
I would be several million dollars richer if I had sold my BTC for Ethereum and then bought back BTC when Ethereum was high and BTC was low earlier in the summer.
I also could have lost a large chunk of my money by buying Peercoin/Litecoin/QRK when I began researching cryptos back in 2013.Unless you're a fucking wizard, just stick to BTC.
For every new millionaire who got lucky riding a train, there's at least one person who gets cucked (like the guy who lost 8 BTC in S2X futures the other day)
4365615you're not supposed to go FUCK IT on pumped coins or at ATHthe FUCK IT on BCH for example was when it was 0.05-0.1 range, i almost went all in at 0.06 i wanna km lol
aka safe moons, but i dont wanna wait 6 months for a 3x while hundreds or shitcoins are doing it in a day lol
That's my problem lolBut in the end I'm too lazy so if I did end up doing trades I'd probably just fuck everything up.
So I'm holding coins with like 100x potential in the distant future
4365850So have your "gambling" portfolio which is say 10-20% of your total portfolio, and keep the other 80% in mid-long term holds that you believe in.
Then just filter profits from your gambling portfolio into your long term holds.
profitsIf/when your gambling portfolio gets wiped, do you allocate another 10-20%?
Or do you stop gambling?The first one is unsustainable, so I'm doing the second one.
I sort of got lucky in that I put a fair bit of my gambling portfolio into binance coins that tanked when china pulled out of the market.
I just had to hold them until recently, and then put gainz from Yoyow and HShares into NULS.
Luckily for me that payed off and I have gambling money still.
And besides that meager amount ~2-3k the other 2-3k are tied up in alts that I believe have a lot of potential for future growth.
So I'm pretty much going against my own rule by having roughly 50/50 spit between holds and gambling
yeah problem is my "portfolio" is just 1.5k usd so i cant really diversify, must go all in on something
Pretty much.
Scared money don't make no money
Yeah I made that mistake early on too.
was spread way too thin.
I got lucky with ANS/NEO which gave me a solid amount of play money.
But you need to have at least 1k in something before it moons to then have enough to really play with.
if i had put those 1.5k on BCH when my damn intuition was telling me i could be sitting on 5k at least, which is a good starting amount in cryptofuck me, next one im going balls deep at ATL and wait for at least 3 months if i have too.
Which one.. is the greater question.
I cant find any decent coin sitting at ATL
>holding 500$ worth of omg>only up 10 percent from the time i bought it, which is a month agothis coin is expensive as hell and not giving me any returns
thats still better than 99% stocks out there anon.
But yea there are better options, sell that crap and move to greener pastures
Convert to req and thank me in 3 months.
I have a net loss of several hundred just from the dumbest trading mistake.Bought some unknown coin at 2 sat.
It got delisted soon after and has never traded above 1 sat since.
crypto is the perfect market for those of us that have seperated themselves from their emotions.
as for you, just pretend all the money in your blockfolio is gone.
makes it a lot easier to make risky buys
This kind of thinking made me blew up a large chunk of my initial investment after I discovered margin trading on Bitmex though.
I made it all back with relatively conservative trades on shitcoins but man that feeling was really bad.
So many moon missions I've missed because I'm not willing to take chances.hindsight
Buy 1.5k worth of BTX, send it to your wallet and then register for the weekly airdrop... we're still on 3% ... you'll be thanking me in six months when its trading at $50+ and you have like a thousand BTX from the airdrop
Stop being a pussy
Stop going for 2x or 5x in one shot.
Make 3-5% a day and you're doing phenomenally.
If you make 10% a day you will make it shortly.$1000$1100$1210$1331$1464$1610$1771$1948$2143Look how quickly each day you make money if you're able to pull off 10% a day.
idk man im weary of btc/btclogo coins the are just too many now, people will start giving 0 fucks about them.
Price could be $50 or $10, and it was $5 just twelve days ago, now running $15.
Its been steadily rising for six months and it already has segwit implemented dude.
I bought 90 of them at 0.0009 ($6 at the time) .. by this time next year I'll have well over 1000 from the compounding interest... even if it stays totally flat (which it hasn't) that's still 10x dude.
This guy is rightI was getting cucked all the time and lost all my money the first time I got into crypto, was doing dumb shit like buying high and making exaggeratedly high sell ordersLast month I put 1000 USD into it with the objective of ending the month holding more fiat than these $1000I followed these rules strictly:>Start your day holding fiat and end it holding fiat, never go to sleep holding crypto>Make a lot of sell orders aiming for small gains, like 0.2% each>forget about moon missions and pursuing pumpsI ended the month holding around $3200, I won't get rich quick with this method but at least I don't get pink wojak'd
yes ive been looking into it and sounds temptingproblem is it was $5 last week and now its $15.
I need a dip, i cant risk to buy ATH