I was FUDding REQ the last few days hoping the price will drop to accumulate 100k.
It didn't.Going to Costanza my strategy and shill the shit out of REQ.
Go ahead and dump your bags.>still under ICO price of $0.06 or 0.0002 ETH.>$35 million market cap.
>OMG has $700 million cap and both does the same thing.>ycombinator picked them to be their first ICO.>strong leddit community.
growing everyday>actually have dev updates every 2 weeks>supply will decrease as tokens will be burn in form of fees
Next level shit.
>dooppositeofbiz.png
StOP SHILLING thiS SHIt ON BIZ WHO CARES IF theSE IDIOts HERE BUY IN I WANT IT ALL FOR MYSELF DELETE THIS POSt oP
Been FUDding too, but I think I can get it lower.
Gonna keep it up for a few more days before I switch sides
Can someone FUD me on why using the ETH blockchain is a bad idea for business ledger purposes?
Basically tell me why REQ sucks from a real technical perspective.
OMG is a skateboard meme.
Don't compare that shitcoin to REQ.
Product out within the next 6 weeks, will moon hard.this is your chance to get in on the next paypal at the ground level.
no need to fud, it goes to shit on its own
But why?https://request.network/assets/pdf/request_whitepaper.pdfWhy is this a bad idea?
REQ's pump is imminent.
I've been accumulating since it dipped .033 :)
it's gonna take a lot of convincing to get me to stick around after it gets up to the 900 sat I bought in at
ETH is already congested enough.
It has maxed out at about 10-14 tx/sec.It's getting expensive to run nodes (full blockchain is gbtransactions are still slightly expensive (1-5 cents)transactions aren't instant and sometimes take about 1 minute to confirm.All this goes away with plasma though.
Stop posting about, let people miss the fuk out and buy back in at 2-3x.
The product will do it's on marketing no need to shill this.
Plus I'm still accumulating.
about to hit 500K..
This is my early retirement fund
Thanks.It's success is dependent on the network improving.
That seems inevitable though.
If it doesn't then blockchain itself is simply fucked.
its under 800 sats you retard
its not a bad idea.
its a great idea.
the problem is that, at this point in time, it is ONLY AN IDEA.
these guys raised 40 million fucking dollars for an idea
I keep selling once it goes over 850 sats and making money while these retards are holding for life
Well in this market, it's kind of all we have to go on.
BTC itself is really more of a prototype than an actual working product.
It's almost unusable to actually do business with.
I'm happy with 30k REQ token investment.
Are you new to crypto?
Literally every coin, even Bitcoin is just an idea.
No one gives a fuck.
New money comes in everyday.
Might as well ride the wave.
Wow dude that aggressive
name me the cryptos in the top 100 that currently have any real use.Ill be waiting.Everything is an idea pretty much.The product launch for this is in the next 6 weeks.You literally could be jumping on the next big thing but choose to try and say its at the stage pretty much every other crypto is, aka nowhere.
REQ isnt going anywhere (over +50m) until it hits brittexluckily it should get listed right around the time the beta is released so an artificial pump like with LINK wont happen