well, this just leaked...https://pbc-assets.s3.amazonaws.com/editorial/pbo/201711/20171120-pbo-monthly-draft.pdf
Oh my lordIt's real.
Is this legit?
bull fucking shit it's slr, everyone knows that
fake if gay
Read the attached pdf you dumb-wit.
There was a big spike in volume with little to no change in price, maybe whales were accumulating?
hahaha cant believe a coin from perth is being shilled by teeka
this is real lmao look at the fucking volume all of a suddenGG TEEKA
Holy shit anon thanks for doing God's work!We all gonna make it
S3 bucket is literally just a FREE PUBLIC storage space.
I could make one, call it whatever I wanted and add pdf's into it.
That does not make this any way legitimate.
buy up to $1holy shit BUY BUY BUY
he thinks that just because its hosted on aws that means it's an Amazon official document
tell me smart ass what pbc-assets belongs to?
its not just anyones domain
WTF with volume on trex
Look at the whale accumulation!!!!
TEEKA HAS SPOKEN!
hosted on AWS>implies it's "Amazon Official"Nigger check the subdomain
Shit lads this is it.
Unironixally going all in.
is it too late to buy in?
> Store it on: Your Ethereum Wallet of ChoiceIt's totally fake.
Teeka would never say that, he always says the exact things because of his boomer customers... Don't fall for this scam
off course not you dumb fuck
have fun with your scam
This is fake don't buy in or you will get burned.The PBC is delayed to 20th
might be a bit late with teeka and whales already accumulating but im riding the train while it lasts
so glad i got in yeseterday we are all going to make it boys holy shit
4395502alright I'm in, when to sell?pls don't take my pennies from me bizraelis
And the pump begin.Nice.
>already in the hole $200>REALLY want to get in on thisFuck
rocket is taking off, there are still seats, buy up to $1
nice just bought at 3470lets see how high can this go
Sigh you fucking idiot, the price was going down and the whales and smart money were accumulating.
God damn leaking fucks
Not legit.jesus christ you guys are idiots
Look here another leak from Palm Beachhttps://s3.amazonaws.com/palm-beach-group/frog.png
Fake and gay
I'm a subscriber to palmbeach.
I reported this post to palm beach.
4395589should I sell then?
I got in at 3300
God dammit OP, you fucktard you leaked it from our private group.Fuck you.
We are going to find out exactly which one in our group you are and fucking kick you out.
I hope you are satisfied with your fucking leak you dick.
100% real
jup it's real
That was the worst PnD I've seen, it went up 300 sats and then it's already fizzling.
Like, wtf?
what about 1000% real?
chinks and kim jong's are sleeping, wait till they wake up
I have access to PBC issues and this is honestly too short to be a real PBC newsletter.
Real PBC is usually 2x longer with more explanation about how and why he's changing his picks and buy-up-tos, and also a couple token stocks most months.
Also, he doesn't fucking post PDFs at all anymore, not for a couple months.Still buying it for a quick 10% tho, thanks scammers
its a draft retard.
see the url?
The 10% is gone bruh.
It's already crashed.
GG.
Done.
Over.
Are you guys fucking stupid?Look at this;https://pbc-assets.s3.amazonaws.com/Someone just uploaded all the old pbc releases, look at the last modified date on all old files
your url is fake as fuck.
I can buy up pbc-reports domain and post up fake shit.
you're an idiot
Consider me dumb - wtf are you saying?
It's real or it's fake?
Why the fuck would he make a draft PDF when he doesn't even post a pdf for his finial?
he says this shit is GOLD, this shit real ma man, go get some of this gold ma man, go get it
This is fake guys, first of all they don't use pdf's anymore they just have a web page on their site.
Second the old pdf websites we pbg-assets not pbc-assets
you stay poor, ma man, you stay poorthe smart ones have already bought in
even if its not real ride the wave to 4000 sats in the next couple hours.
And they're going all the way to 300 sats richer!
you could make like, 2.3% if you don't get dumped on by the bag holders!!!
Hahahah, anyone who falls for this deserves to get their money taken by the faggots who faked this.If you followed his most recent updates you'd know this month's issue is delayed until the 20th.
There we go.
Thanks very much
confirmed again
gtfo poor faggot, this is why you idiots stay poor, fud the genuine moon missions like thisbuy after we go 100% up today, classic biz style
This document is forbidden to downloadAnyone notice that?
what does it mean im a brainlet
Thank you for the proof it is real!
Going all in.
our misuse of fossile fuelsconfirmed for pajeet who can't afford fucking spellcheck
part of the pump strategy
He's just running his mouth to make it seem legit.
It's fake and the "moon mission" is absolutely pathetic.
lol at all the SOLAR retards FUDding the report, you bet wrong, deal with it, sell before it dumps to hell
be smart and use this pump as an opportunity for cheap solarcoins
PBC found out the draft was leaked.
They just blocked access to the document.They are going to put passwords on their docs for now.
If this dosent prove it's authenticity i dont know what will.
you mean the 3 year old dead shitcoin?
lmao, POWR is gonna have elon musk backing it
yeah pbc blocked access... they found the leak
lol....https://s3.amazonaws.com/palm-beach-group/PBO_Monthly_20171116.png
true if big
FUCK OFF SCAMMER
People will always say it's fake because they actually paid for it and you are getting it for freeThen how do you know its real?Read it and you will know its 110% legit
nice try pajeet, the real one is pbg-assets not pbc-assets
I believe this draft was suppose to be real.
But PBC did say just yesterday, that they have to change the November issue.
They did mean all the info inside, but the real new issue will be released later this month.
This is fake.
I am subscribed to them and we haven't gotten anything yet.
In fact in their webinar on Wednesday night they said that any material that gets leaked will not get published and that there will be a declared countdown 36 hours before the release of the newsletter to get subscribers aware so they don't miss out.
Also since they are closing signups this Friday for new subscribers they probably will not release a newsletter until next Thursday.
So anything before that is just shill attempt.
decentralization of energy>moving energy through the blockchain>revolution as big as bitcoin, if not biggermysides.png