Rate this portfolio and shill me on other coins to buy
Bunp
Why are you holding UBQ?
Its not in the sunlight at all and is a fork of Ethereum just like Expanse.
Also GRS had its hype die down already.
Better invested elsewhere
stratisinto the trash it goes
Both UBQ and EXP have a few ICOs in the works
If IOTA delivers it will be top 3 coin.
Speculative at this time but IOTA Foundation has a very good dev team, they provide regular updates, new advancements seem to come out weekly, new exchanges and wallet by end of year.
buy more GRS
Get rid of UBQ and GRS and Stratis.
UQB is just an ETH fork, there are too many platforms out right now.
GRS probably had its most recent moon, I'd be surprised if it goes up a lot anytime soon.Keep ARK and NAV.Maybe invest in some Chinese platforms to diversify (NEO?
ETP?
), or some IoT & shipping tokens (Walton, Modum, Vechain, etc), I think they'll explode next year.
Any reasoning why?
I'm a bit apprehensive already since it just boomed earlier.
No dode?
I guess when you were little boy you wanted to become a firefighter instead of astronaut
SALT and ASTRO.
Hold through december.
BTS, PBL, VIB, RCN, BCH
RATE MY SHITBAGS
sell Ark>buy Monero>prepare for touchdown on the moon
I hit $3k today, AMA.
How does it feel to be alone on this world?
Did you considered getting a dog?
Why do you not own at least 1 btc yet?
Since I started investing I've put 80% of my wages in to crypto each month.
I live like a NEET since I have fuck all to budget with each month.Got my 1st paycheck at my new job at the end of October.
Hoping to have the equivalent of 1 BTC by February.
ITT: Conflicting postsBUT WHICH IS RIGHT
r8 pls don't h8Been holding ETH for a long time and it's finally paying off
You're probably the only one here who didn't lose a lot of potential gains.
Good job.
Rate my shizzle
Graph
Buy DGB man how do you not already have it?
IOTA peaked, dump it before it goes lower.Buy monero, I think it's in a dip right now and should be spiking again soon.
Sell XBY garbage coin with bad team
Monero at ATH"I think this is the dip guys"
Fucking ARK
t. Lisk bagholder
Buy some VTC and hold through 2018
Wouldn't buy VTC unless it dips to under 40k
Nah I lost a shit load of potential gains.
At one point my equivalent BTC holdings were 12 BTC, now they're only 4 BTC
Monero in a dipnigga what, it's at its ATHI definitely agree it's a one of the best investments, but this isn't a dip.
Buy some fucking TIO.
There's platform is lunching in a couple of days.
Only 450000 tokens in circulation.
Easily will get to $1 and above.
Here's the link: 
No not buying any shitty uncle
If you buy whatever biz is shilling you're doing it wrong
4525015I'd call both these drops 'dips'.
Buy moar Modum
Too diversified.
With one btc you should hold 3 coins max and one should be btc.
I just need one to x5 and it covers the other coins.
Am I going to make it?I've never really bought in much btc, and it's obnoxious seeing the BTC holding graph go down, but my over all investment is up 2200 dollars now.What the chances this'll 4x by June?