So many organic 0 sat fee txns!We need bigger blocks to fix this obviously.Jihan Wu ur our only hope!
I know, all I wanted was $1000 on chain fees so I could support blockstream and their great company through their amazing off chain solutions
Same.
We can't let Bitcoin Cash exist, because increasing the block size would totally absolutely non-ironically centralise it more than putting everything into a side-chain.
You're the kind of person who would approve the assassination of a fairly elected politician because you didn't agree with their platform.Because that is exactly what Jihan is doing.As has been explained over and over, large transfers will still be processed on-chain.
Anyone can make a LN node.Why do people keep insisting on this stupid shit?
TTTHHHIIIISSSSSSSS
I'm the kind of person who bases decisions on evidence not authoritythere's no technical argument for a 1mb block it's arbitrary.
a 1mb block guarantees high fees and slow transactions.
8mb blocks centralise mining by less than 1% and will require 32gb ram to run a node.
We still haven't introduced node rewards and moores law is set to continue there is no good reason for segwit other than blockstream requires it for their off chain patents to work.
Lightning network does not require segwit but is still not necessary while larger blocks are still an efficient way of scaling bitcoin
security/cost to reorganize bitcoin is what I care about, as well as decentralization.
for cheap fees, dogecoin.
blockstream wasn't going to profit off their patents>there is no conflict of interest
mb blocks are far from arbitrary.They allow for independent, decentralised nodes.
8mb blocks means the massive bandwidth required to run a node is impossible for everyone except corporations.
Hence, the network and mining is centralised.Decentralised nodes are bad for Communist Party-owned miners like Jihan because they want to control all aspects of the network to maximise their fee revenue and change protocols as they see fit without interference from pesky users.
This parallels the way their entire country is managed.
Even if Jihan is doing this (and I think he is), doesn't it show a flaw with BTC that someone CAN do this and shut down the whole fucking coin?
he can't, props for trying though
mb was an arbitrary number it was not calculated or based on anything, it was always intended to be removed when adoption reached 1mb.
8mb blocks centralise mining by less than 1% because even on btc 1% of hashrate contribution costs $21,000,000.
To run a node will require 32gb of ram which will be shit all and we are yet to implement node rewards.
Moores law is continuing.
the communist party of china can only control the nodes in their country.
Bitcoin will never succeed with a 1mb block
You want bitcoin to be a fast currency at the expense of decentralisation .The majority don't.That's fine.
You have bcash for that.
But don't pretend that Jihan and Vermin aren't spamming the mempool with worthless transactions whilst simultaneously wash trading to attack the competition.This behavior is typical of the Chinese (Jihan) and Jews (Ver).
Win any way you can even if it means destroying the very thing you profited from and were never intelligent to create in the first place.
Pride is a foreign concept to parasitic races.The eternal middlemen merchants.
high fees and low transactions do not improve the store of value properties of bitcoinnodes will not be centralised because of node rewards and moores law.
#rekt
thissss
Are you thick?
You have bcash if that is what you believe.Bitcoin core advocates obviously don't share your opinion because further centralisation of nodes and mining power into the hands of anyone, let alone a communist country, isn't desirable.So go your own way and have your centralised paypal coin - just leave peacefully.