Its consolidating at 10k-ish since hours.
Any news will skyrocket the price.
A lot of holders are into POWR, and for sure its holding that makes you a lot of profit.
Look at those who bought bitcoin at 2$ and sold at 8$.
Lol... why you never learn ?
Its by holding that you make profit.
Let the people make their 200$ while you are a millionaire.
Dont ride the hype, invest in something you believe in.
And we believe in POWR.
Q4 2018 huge gains.Be patient and you will succeed.
We are still early in crypto, look around you nobody has any clue about it in general population.
You think 2011 BTC buyers were early ?
Yes they were, we are too.
Hold and chill guys and we are all gonna make it.This POWR thing is so pro, good team, good product, good marketing (remember the annoucements of announcements of fake news by NEO ?
), good ability to make deals with important companies and last but not least : a step into politisc of a G20 country (Dr MILF is a Deputy Mayor of Perth and already got a contract with aus gouv).What do you want more lol ?
I expect meme and FUD but plz at least try to give arguments.
Munny Mummy Milky Milky
>Any news will skyrocket the priceGoodluck keeping that up until beta launch in Q4 2018
Iirc they won't launch their blockchain product until q1 2019.
Price already almost 10x since ico.
Buying now is stupid.
This puppy is about to crash hard.
PRO AS FUCK
Q4 2018 lolI bet you I can buy back in much lower in the next few weeks once people realise shit ain't happening for a year and a year in crypto is like 3 years They've pulled out all their stops All that's left is two announcements which are mostly priced inThe Thai partnership and the india one
it will only go up from now.
but yeah keep on day trading and make+1%-5%+4%-1%...oh by the end of the year i made 2% profit HUGE !
While hodlers will be millionaire because they control their gut and they are not emotion driven.
You know we say that you have to trade with the money you can afford to lose.
Its not because you might lose it, its because if you have fear and are emotion driven you will make bad decisions.
Its trading 101, the cryptoworld is still so noob about those kind of things geez hahaha
i better be the Bitcoin holder of 2011 than the Bitcoin trader of 2011.
Its the same thing here.BMW said by 2020 all their products will be with renewable energy.
Elon Musk is gonna join now or later but its pretty sure, knowing the guy (not FOMOing but if you know the guy you know what i mean).If you want to go too fast you are not going to make it.
Consider this.
Again its trading 101...
If you can be millionaire in one year, why you dont wait until then and try to make it earlier ?
Gambler addicts, emotion driven...Anything reasonable ?