Will it crash completely ?
or will it have another pump ?
(of course it will not go to 2k or 2.5k on the next few days), but will it pump to 1.5k ?Opinions..
I think it will pump an dump again.
But im not taking that risk.
I think it will bleed to ~500-700$ish over the next weeks until the next ruse is orchestrated.
Damm... it seems... that i have to loose the love to my money and sell it before i loose even more.
Any tip on what's going to pump?
find it hard to believe they won't make another attempt after the massive success of the first, do they go again before it bleeds too much?
do they just let it marinate and keep the price propped for a while?
how long can they keep throwing money at what are ultimately failed assaults?
will they literally never give up
I feel bad for the one that bought 2K btc of bcc at 0.5 on poloniex
I think one more pump.
We've got that fork coming so that might stir things up again.
Probably they will pump it a bit after the network upgrade.
But... it's a tricky question.. it can be at 800 or 700$ at that time, and my investment already gone by the toillet.
Are you guys deluded?
GTFO OUT OF BCH!
Please dont it was roger vers buy wall.Guy owns like 500k btc and he was a multi millionaire long before he even bought btc anyway.The money doesn't matter to him at all this is all about getting his own way
Why is Roger such a despicable human being?you have people like Satoshi who try and make the world better and then people like Roger who try to cheat people out of their money and destroy the whole Crypto industry with a glorified PnD.
So.. the BCH pump from last days was a scamm made by that roger vers guy?
Is that guy that is fu***ng our investments ?
yup, him and some dirty chink called Yuhan
So it's a nonsense... it's really going to completely crash and peeps should move out their money..
Unless by some reason those morons will pump it again by some random reason that only them know what.Thanks guys.
they will try pump it again... but they lost the first round so they will have to be more cautious this time.
Any tip on where to invest right now?
Everything seems so cahotic!
what do you expect?
A pump works like this: You pump the price until someone fills your sell orders, if no one fills the orders you pump it more.
The psycology behind is to keep pumping until some idiot loses his shit and fomo buys in.The less people buy into this shit the more agressive you have to pump it.
We now see that BCH needed to be pumped ~8x to make the fomo happening so literally no one bought in when it was going up.There are only a few people who bought this so the pumpers had to drop their bags super fast on them.
Thats why you see pimp wojaks everywhere.
Of course it keeps pumping and only dumps after you have bought in, that's just how it works.
Beware the BTC shills, they are out in force over the last hour or so, I wonder why
4338974This wasn't a pnd, at least not a conventional one.
This was a serious attempt to outbitcoin bitcoin.
Can you even imagine how many millions went into buying bch against bagholders and traders in that insane volume to bring it to .42 btc?
To make it quadruple in value and surpass eth's marketcap over two days?They were serious, but I bet they underestimated core.
They dropped a tactical sell nuke of over 30m dollars when FOMO was highest.
Obliterated confidence in the flippening, turned tons of turncoats into bagholders and overall just fucked their plans up
Life is funny... just sold that sh** and got pumped right after i sold it... lol
stop looking at it, again, thats how it works, they pump it until people fomo again.
Let them die.
Lol.
you are right fuc** it