This is getting too stressfull and im starting to change (for the worse) so i decided i want to just buy and hodl projects that seem to have a long term future and get out of crypto for like a year....The pfolio i was planing is:btc 35% - no explanations needediota 15 - if this succeeds its gonna be fucking huge (yes i know it has problems as of now, but if it succeeds its a certain lambo)10% monero - no explanation neededardr 10% (no ico bullshit, project has been in development for a long time and to me it looks better than eth)ark 15% (push button blockchains, smart bridge etc....good team)link 10% (if it fails it will fail completely, if it succeeds its gonna be huge.....sergey has also worked on nxt, and the fact they are not shilling it gives me more confidence))mod 5% (looks promising and its cheap right now)should i also be adding eth?please dont shill me your bags, just interested in an opinion about this long term hodl pfolio
First of all, you're poor.
When you're poor, you don't need to bother with diversifying into 8 different shitcoins.
Just stick to one.
I was thinking of doing something similar, out of interest roughly how do you have in your portfolio right now?
unfortunately only 1btc.....maybe i should just keep my 1 btc?
seems like the safest bet, but i want more gainzzz
yeah so you can lose it all more easily!i know 1btc is not a lot of money but just look what 7,5k could have made you if you bought a year ago various shitcoins + btc.now im not saying 2018 is gonna be as good as 2017 but long term it makes sense
Seems like a rational decision anon, dont let this crypto shit eat your soul.I think it's a decent pfolio, a little bit on the risky side but still solid.
>no OMG>no ETHbaka famalam
With a portfolio of 1 btc, dont fall into the trap of overdiversification.
Keep it simple, massive gains to be made with:30% LISK (Wait for the correction after the news on 22nd)30% OMG30% ARK10% IOTA (Wait for a slight correction, @0.65 cents is a buy)Thank me later.
yes thats a nice choice but i got burned too many times by having all my money in alts.....eaven 35% btc is kinda scary low in my opinion....since btc is kind of a safe bet (at least for the next 5 years)
tfw 0.1 BTC
I would look into investing in BCPT instead of MOD, check it out way more room to grow and already has a working product
dont get discouraged anon, spend less time chasing pumps on /biz/ and try putting more money aside for investing in good projects - or simply in btc.work more, stop drinking alcohol, stop smoking, stop wasting money on dumb shit, give yourself a goal....that will make you feel good, eaven if this whole crypto thing fails you wont be sorry because you will teach yourself some fiscipline and planing...
Thing is I'm a student living with my parents.
I don't smoke, drink, or party.I could technically buy a bitcoin with my savings right now, but I'm just not up to gambling with my entire bank account (and it is gambling - even BTC has to peak at some point: when it went to $600 or whatever and then fell, a few years ago, it didn't rise above that again for at least several more months.
The current explosive growth isn't sustainable over the longer term).