> NEW ON BINANCE > to the cloudshttps://cryptobutlers.com/aeron/> Aeron (ARN) is attempting to use blockchain technology to improve aviation safety.Aeron plans on doing this with a series of platforms that will connect pilots, air traffic controllers, and airline companies.Each party will record relevant aviation data to the blockchain where it can be publicly verifiable.In the event there is a mismatch in data between any of the three parties, authorities can detect the problem and intervene accordingly.
>Aeron is also developing aerontrips where consumers can access a global database of flight offersRoadmap : https://twitter.com/aeron_aero/status/909722625173327873Whitepaper : https://aeron.aero/AeronWhitepaper.pdfWebsite : https://aeron.aero/
Its pumped af right now, no need to shill your bags just sell them.
WTF ?Look at the binance chart, it never pumped here and it's going mainstream now, you can't compare it to the "etherdelta era price"
This will pump again when binance will shill it
Look at BCPT ;)
This project is very promising.Good news will come and only 6M$ of market cap.It'll grow rapidly
But it will not be bigger than 15mil marketcap I think
Why not ?
It's only about price appreciation from the market.
If Aeron goes mainstream and used by airlines company the MC will follow the same way
It's gonna grow for sure
Do you feel the potential ?
That could actually save lifes !
In.
:)
All in.
You are braindead if you are not balls deep in this.
This is the easiest 5x ever.
Do a little research and read the white paper.
50 cent ICO -trading at 54 cents.
Already "pumped?"
You must not know how to read a chart.
Comfy as fuck.
less than 10 mill market cap and 20 mill circulating coins, 40 mill locked until mid 2018. stay poor you herbs
Bought at delta and thinking it was gonna pump on binance.
Fuck no im in red fuck you biz
You must be a little slow there my friend.
Have a little more patients than a 5 year old.
or you could stay poor
It will.Just listed on binance, some ppl took profits, they always do.Now, the price is the same as it was during the ICO.Just a matter of time to be pumped when ppl will realize the potential and when Binance market will be visible on coinmarketcap ;)x4-5 easy
Exactly hahaSome people from ED dumped it on Binance, but Binance market doesn't even know about this coin, stay patient !
Thank you - at least there are some people that know how to do minimum TA of a coin on this board.
I really hope it will go up I put 6eth in this shit
lmao what a fucking shitcoin.
I'm an air traffic controller and it's literally impossible to implement blockchain technology to aviation.
There are still countries that don't have a fucking radar, this is just vaporwave
If you were an air traffic controller you wouldnt be on biz.
Good try fag, go larp somewhere else
If you were an air traffic controller you wouldnt be on bizand why would that be?
this place isn't just for autistic neets you know (which I was at one point)
Why is it impossible to implement blockchain tech in aviation ?
So IOTA isn't vaporware ?
Are almost all ERC20 token vaporware because they are useless at the time ?Your FUD is so obvious, come on make an effort the next time ...Walton (Sept Wolves ...) and VeChain (Renault, BMW...) are supply chain blockchain projects.
There goal is to adapt RFID to blockchain.It could totally work with aircraft tracking in the sky and in factories.
Because there's way too many outside elements to consider.
Hell, something as simple as a dog being on the runway could result into a crash.
I haven't read the whitepaper yet I admit but I can't see any aviation company using blockchain tech for safety rather than the good old radio communication.
Blockchain has a real big role to play in aviation.
safety, e-ticket, control, identity management, luggage management and more !
https://www.internationalairportreview.com/article/26374/technology-revolutionise-aviation-2017/https://www.accenture.com/us-en/insight-potential-blockchain-technology-for-airlines
Should probably read the whitepaper then check back in
Because blockchain brings some new things to the old good radio communication : you can't falsify the data (terrorism, hijacked plane...), it will never shutdown unless the entire world electricity shutdowns, and nobody can hack the network !Plus, don't you think it won't be the "good old radio" forever ?
Military aviation is a good exemple of what is coming next for the particular market ;)
I dunno man, it is hard.
There are some tech out there that implements something like text messaging instead of radio communication but it never took off because there's simply too many variables as I said.
Plus aviation has to be universal so as long as 40 year old C172 planes exist to train pilots, "good old radio" will continue to exist.good luck with your bags or whatever tho, sell at the next pump.
>you can't falsify the data (terrorism, hijacked plane...)google 7500 squawk
Doesn't do research.
>Chimes in with opinion anyway.Flight Sim X isn't real life you know.
Of course the good old radio will still be there for old planes and stuffBut think about the future !Everything in blockchain is about the future !
Even if a transpondor can send some 7500 hijack code, the blockchain will be able to save it forever.
It could even save the "blackbox" material without any possibility to erase in sometime.It's the best way to immortalize data and bring some explanations to strange aviation stories
it's also useful for etickets and identities management as said aboveit's even a good tool for aeronautical construction (supply chain)