AND IT"S MORE PROFITABLE TO MINE IN THE NEXT 7+ DAYSAT THE MEANWHILE BITCOIN HAS MORE THAN 130K PENDING TXSBITCOIN CORE IS GOING TO BE DESTROYEDhttps://fork.lol/
noone cares anon, alts are mooning
BCH literally only had about 200 blocks of transactions today.
And when the already dry well dries up more, miners will dump it.
And then, ripe 130 thousands of BTC blocks are waiting for them.
Im genuinely impressed by that domain name
hey faggot send a meg to the mining of witch you suck there dick.
tell them faggot to say over there and dont come back
if everyone mines BCH wouldnt the difficulty adjust and make it less profitable over time ?
Do you know why BCC went up?It is becausa D.Va, largest korean coin pumping group.All the coins that D.Va picked,the price went up.The coin NEO was frozen,so it started off as a minus , but ultimately price went up.I will now only follow D.Va picks.t.me/DvaPump
AND IT"S MORE PROFITABLE TO MINE IN THE NEXT 7+ DAYSHaha holy shit.
Shills don't even know how their shitcoin works.
That's because, like every other altcoin, nobody is storing bcc in personal wallets (i.e.
moving it out of exchanges) because it is not a long term hold, it never will.
430679743067494306729
So you're saying i can finally mine btc
ssshhh, let these silly billies have their moment.
You realize that with miners gone the biggest pro of BCH will be gone too, right?
They're in extremely comfy situation right now, they were given a tasty snack while BTC chain cooked for a bit longer with increasingly ridiculous fees that they're going to get as soon as they come back./biz/, never change.
So is it going to climb for 7 days with certainty?And in 7 days is it going to flip back to BTC?
Probably faster because there's nothing to mine.
It's a dead coin.
satoshis vision>no colossal wait period for confirming transactions>mining profitability increasing drastically SOONstrike while the iron's hot, I really dont get the FUD around BCH
BCH is doing a hardfork and changing their difficulty algorithm in about a day.
It will depend on the price of BCH to determine if miners switch back to BTC or not.
If you hold BTC and your butthole isnt puckered you really don't understand how close it is to being dethroned.
Except price and difficulty are tightly coupled.
Increasing Cash's hashrate will increase price and further accelerate fears of a flippening.
and in the case that miners switch back to btc?
then what
what is risk>what is rewardshhhhhh shhh shhh shh, no tears
i wonder how many recent BTC investors are going to suicide if they're still holding and it flipsi know some fuckers here bought BTC at $7k+
I did, I’ve bought every 1,000 milestone since 1,000Pretty sure I’m about to get fucked in the ass but I’ve held through rough waters before.
Also sold all my bch long ago.
Learned my lesson about selling forked tokens
They will most probably switch even temporarily just to harvest the accumulated fees.
which would cause bch to fall no?
Depends, hard to tell.
Right now it's very uncertain what's going to happen both with BTC and BCH.
But the unfortunate reality is that miners control the value of the coins because nobody's going to wait days until their transactions are processed.
This is what BTC currently needs to handle.
Look at all these  tx blocks BCH processed todayNO ONE is using this shitcoin lmaoCan someone tell me a word that rhymes with "pump"?
trump
LumpRumpBumpAre there any more
jump
stump umpsumpjumpcum-p
check out this signals grout.me/pumpandtrumpthey've had insane calls ive made a few btc already
AAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH MY LINK!!!!
grump
Lol the volume didn't come from Korea, it came from core succeeding in shutting down the 2x BTC fork.
Cash is the only viable decentralized scaling option bitcoin has.
Congrats to the bitcoin community for defeating the evil Segwit2x.
Enjoy your victory.
I didn't watch that movie but did LN futures win in the end?
Adam Back reacts to the Bitcoin Cash flippeningAdam Back of Blockstream reacts to the Bitcoin Cash flippening.
Blockstream is forced to liquidate all of it's assets.https://www.captiongenerator.com/723942/Adam-Back-reacts-to-the-Bitcoin-Cash-flippening
hump
chumpclumpstumpmumpdumpbumprumplumpjumpgump forrest, forrest gump
Kim Dotcom is supporting BCH now.Look at his latest tweet.All the old school Bitcoiners support big blocks
The largest transfer of wealth in crypto history.
Kek
Kim DotcomGavin AndersonJohn McafeeTeam /ourguys/
Old school bitcoin boomer fags don't know shit.
So caught up with satoshis scaling solution they can't see LN future in 2 years right before there very eyes.
Why does no core cuck know that BCH can implement LN if needed, without a fork
https://fork.lol/Ln is centralized, banking 2.0
 years to scale>El oh el
4307718Nobody wants LN or we would use fucking LTC PUSSY.
The problem was congestion and bigger blocks were the solution that Bitcoin Cash provided and it succeeded.
Bitcoin segwit don't solve the problem but made it worse to profit off user and push everyone off chain with high fees faggotz
bitcoin boomerthis is actually what pajeets believe
sold all my bch long agoIt was at this moment anon knew, he fucked up.
I know that LN sucks, but that seems to be the only argument core cucks can bring up.
When in fact BCH could also just implement it.
I have equal amounts of both so i don't care all that much
EDA is monday you retard, this nigga can't even count LOL