Im sick off being a complete brainlet who just wings it by buying a coin and just hoping it rises and shilling on here,how do i start learning to read the charts,fibonacchi lines etc?I know crypto is different to forex and stocks, is there a like a basic khan academy tutorial on where to get started.
Technical analysis doesn't work anon.
Proven totally bogus by many researchers.
I don’t read charts, I read hype.
so its literally just gambling then?i would still like to know, or atleast pretend to know.
It's basically gambling.
Google a book on Technical Analysis.
It includes charts, Elliot wave theory, fibs, MACD, moving averages, golden and dead crosses, etc.
Don't get me wrong, they are still interesting to read about, but they don't actually work
It's easy for people to say TA "doesn't work" but you definitely will find it useful overall.
check out this guy on twitter, his name is BTC_schmitcoin.
look at his older broadcasts.
he explains some important things like bollinger bands and support and resistance.
At the very least you should know how to gauge support and resistance.
Hey there OP i have to say one thing to you.
Fuck you.
thanks for that, will definitely have a look at the vids later on today, i just need to learn the basics, cheers((you))
check out CryptoLive on facebook & jewtoob, does chart analysis & gives pretty solid hints on shit to buy.
you can't trade succesfully if you don't understand what the fuck is going on
CryptoLivegot a link to his channel?, i searched for him but it only has 30 subscribers so i dont think its the right one.
Join this discord... there’s talk about technical analysis and people share experiences https://discord.gg/8c7EHH
also technical noob here, it sounds ridiculous hearing people talk about the mathematical patterns totally independent of any concrete events.
TA works because its a self fullfilling prophecy, people think other people will follow it and thats why it ends up working, so if you want to make it big learn this shit, otherwise youre just shooting in the dark and trading on hype
thinking people that trade crypto knows TAMost of us are 20-25 year old wageslaves
Bigpump - crypto pumping groupthanks but no thanksthats why i want to learn
Yes that is the channel probably, only just started.
Im not subbed but follow on fb
and that's why the guys who know this stuff take your lunch money while you're left bagholding LINK and shit like thatbetter follow the pro traders in tradingview who post their charts, you can get rich just following that
You can't it doesnt work.
i followed that top traders chicks advice when she posted her speculation after the BCH dump and shes was dead wrong and i went down abit, know of any more conservative traders?its not whether it works or not but i would still like to learn the basics, the problem seems to be as soon BTC moonshots randomly it turns all the alt TA to shit.
only charlatans pretend they can predict the future by reading a chart
its all a pajeet pnd theres nothing to see or learn
"Technical analysis of the financial markets" by John Murphy should get you started.
Best 60€ I ever spent, but you can find it for free on the internet.
It's just one of those books that are worth owning in hardcover IMO.
That is why I think alts are not worth owning.
Btc still gives good enough returns.
If and when it becomes stable and regulated, it might be time to move to alts.
BTC right now is trending perfectly though, it's pretty hard to lose money at the moment.
TA is undoubtedly the biggest meme in crypto.
Hype is everything.
Just browse /biz/ and reddit all day and you'll absorb the hivemind and intuitively know which coins will go up
Remember thisBitcoin always rises 200-300% and crashes 33%.
We went from 7800 to 5500 .
We rose from 3000 to 7800.
We went from 5000 to 3000.
THIS.
You mean most of the people on 4chan who buy and sell the hype.
Most of the big boys in crypto, the guys with the real money, are using TA
yeah but heres too many chinese and pajeet shills that will gladly spend all day fudding and shilling for $3 a day to make a sure estimate on anything.
I have this book too and one about bollinger bands
>trading on TA>trading on hypeThe real way to trade is to develop your own algorithmic trading bots based on ML and sentiment analysis
you followed a woman's advice on crypto?
that's like 3 mistakes in one sentence, what the fuck were you thinking lol
kek, in hindsight i should have known better, another lesson and all that.