is it too late to join the bitbay moonride?
Probably
wait for the dip
Just took some profit myself, looking to reenter in the 600 sats range.
I think it will settle down for the new few days but the late 2017 is full of incoming updates and the early 2018 is even bigger tech wise (dynamic peg!!).
So wait for a few days to enter at the lowest price you can and then hold for a few months and you will get rich.
I am talking about bitbay here since it was 0.015$/0.020$ but people did not listen.
Now you believe?
Bitbay is a fucking hidden gem.
bitb.
buy before its .60
>When you believed in the bayThank you
Atta boy!
Longtime holder here - we're gonna be kangz
Haha nice man.
You should stake, the stake reward has increased (it will be triggered the 30th of this month), you could make free 3/5% annually.
Easy peasy.
How much bitbay do u get everyday?
What's ur rig
yay to to the bitbay!!
take us to the moon!
I only staked for about 2 days.
Didn't get much.
It was around 6 BAY per day.
I should be getting closer to 70 BAY.
Should be fixed soon
If you guys would research you would notice there's a similar coin around thats way more advanced and more than a year ahead of bbay.Only thing better about bitbay is the name.Good luck guys and buy high sell low!
You are mistaken my friend.
There is no mining like Bitcoin because it is not Proof of Work that is used, but instead Proof of Stake.
PoS 3.0 is better in all aspects as it is truly decentralized, faster, cheaper and economic.
You only need one computer to stake (it can be whatever computer, even the cheapest one).
It is a fixed rate of 1% annually but as not everybody stakes you get around 3/5% (of your holdings).
Basically free money and this also helps the network.
EASY PEASY.
What is your plan?
I have 67k and i'm sure it will pass 1$.
My plan is to HODL and buy the dip.
Eventually I will sell Bay for some anonymous crypto in order to hide my earnings.
Gotta keep them IRS bois off me ya feel?
syscoin>Proof of Work>fully centralized>not anoymous>has a closed source frontend>use middlemen third parties for its escrowsGet out with your shitcoin.Pic related how Bitbay destroys your coin.
Good luck to you shill.Yep stake correction will be triggered this 30th.
It will change from 1.5 to 20 coins per reward.
You are gonna stack far more.
Lol BitBay is miles ahead of shitty competition like sys and particl, talking about Alpha market and masternodes.What a shitty coin, no advantage over ebay or amazon, why the hell would anyone buy and use that?it's centralized because of the arbitrated escrow and adds practically nothing compared to regular markets where BitBay invented double deposit escrow, transactions without middlemen.
bad fucking idea broif you ever decide to liquidate back into fiat the IRS will smash your front door wide open and probe your anal cavity with a backhoe
There's a misconception that one only has to pay taxes when you cash out.
This is incorrect.
You pay taxes on all gains made if you traded one crypto for another.
Bitbay is on a public blockchain so my earnings are available to the IRS.
correct!
because the MAN has decreed that crypto will be treated as property and not currency.this will require a new breed of CPAs
Why cash it all?
Just cash out some parts of your crypto fortune when you need to use fiat.
You should not 100 cash out to fiat because fiat is a shitcoin that will fuck you over.
Also in a few years you will be able to buy EVERYTHING using crypto money.
No idea why everyone thinks I have to swap to fiat to buy monero.
I can just move my bay to some exchange which isn't cucked, buy something, then withdraw it.
Ah yeah of course!
I am just saying that I don't see the point of cashing out to fiat.
I mean, soon enough you will be able to buy everything in crypto, and you already have crypto credit card with BitPay for example.
Especially than the longer you hold the more money you make.
For example, those who cashed out of bitcoin at 1k or 2k$ dollars are complete fools.
Crypto itself is a long term hold.
It is gonna be huge.
Cashing out to fiat is only in case of last resort if you really need fiat (and you can do it in small amounts instead of a 100% cashing out).
Otherwise gotta be 100% crypto.