how long till LINKs explode?
1 year?
2 years?
2 weeks maybe?lets discuss it
>gets rekt by another decentralized json parser
yeah just like how ETH got rekt by another decentralized smart contract platform
DAMN OWND PWND

Summer 2018
wtf hahahha
I hold more LINK then 80% of /biz/ combined.
Can you faggots stop making 20 threads a day?
You are making this project look like pajeets.
Fuck off please.
Make a thread when news comes out so we can coordinate a pump to $1+until then shut the fuck up, this could be tomorrow or this could be in 3 months.
probably about 3 months or so until they start making big announcements
Im not a fan of Suppoman's style, but he shit on Chainlink in his last video... Saying it might just be a fad, and it has lost 2/3rds of it's value.Obviously Chainlink is shilling overtime here.
In 2 years, assuming link fulfills its stated aims, it will be at least the same market cap as ripple.
This means approx $250 per token.Let that sink in.Yeah... People still panic selling at 17 cents though... Oh well, I'll buy those bags.Honestly, link is not a quick pump coin, it's a long term hold.
$250some other anon did the math and arrived at $25, pls show math.
Honestly, link is not a quick pump coin, it's a long term hold.Top fucking kek.
It dumped 80% of its ATH and is trading at 1:2300 eth/link.
Ico was at 1:2600 link, including bonus.
So just another 15% loss and its below ico.
Embarrassing
it's a long term hold
Tell me, what does LINK tokens do, exactly?
Sry that's what I meantIt's 250x from where we r now
.
Eth and smartcontracts.
We all know smartcontracts are revolutoinary, but their use cases are limited.
Smartcontracts are awesome, but they are confined within the blockchain and data on the blockchain.
In otherwords, right now smartcontracts are "you send 1 eth and I'll send back 1000 McTokens", and this contract is verifiable/trustless/amazing but its stuck within the universe of Ethereum and the data Ethereum understands2.
It is possible to use external data to inform these contracts, but right now that process is centralized.
This is a problem.
Lets say the external data is a transaction of Dollars for ETH.
So you send 300$ to bank account X, and then I send one Eth to your address.
Right now you either do that through a third party (CoinBase), OTC (LocalBitcoins) or whatever else centrlized system you want to use.
Knocking out that centralization, where you have to trust someone, is THE key to SmartContracts having a real world use case.
But how do you get that information -- the fact that the $300 has been sent -- onto the blockchain using data that the smartcontract understands?
3.
Oracles.
Right now the answer is "hey we can hire Oracle X to do the translation to represent this bank dollar transaction on the blockchain."
The "oracle problem" with this is that you are 100% TRUSTING that oracle to act prudently.
That they don't tamper with the data.
So we can kill coinbase but now we have to trust the oracle instead of coinbase .This is a HUGE problem for Banks who want to get into blockchain but have to trust a centralized oracle to translate data.
This Oracle can be hacked, falsified or defrauded.1/2
.
ChainLink - this service DECENTRALIZES that translation process of the Oracle.
Now, the translation is trustless, and you have a trustless data feed that informs the trustless smart contract.
Multibillion dollar institutions can rely on distributed blockchain technology and know the data that informs their smart contracts is tamperproof.So Thats what ChainLink does.
ChainLink is the first decentralized Oracle that allows anyone to securely provide smart contracts with access to external data, off-chain payments, and really literally any other API you can dream up.
Confirmation of delivery of an items (RFID, like Walton), confirmation of a wire being sent or received, interest rates from any central bank, sports scores, product/machine uptime, price of Eth/BTC in real time, weather patterns etc.
Right now smart contracts are simple if/then functions where you go and manually do the if so the then comes back.
Now with Oracles smartcontracts can automatically confirm or deny if then statements without any human interaction.
Transactional automation for agreed upon terms on steroids.
Anyone can now engrain off-chain data directly onto the blockchain in an actually decentralized way and use that data to directly inform trustless smart contracts, and since the Oracle is decentralized you know the data feed is secure and you’re not concerned with tampering on the Oracle’s part.
This is like a skeleton key to actualize the data on the blockchain and apply that data to real world use cases.2/2
you use it to pay node operators for getting the datawhy would you operate a node for free?
You mean explode downwards?
Any day now.
BTC rally will send chainlink marines into suicide spiral
Another shitcoin below ico, enough said.
Even a retard like suppo knows it's shit!
Lol simple fukers
Fucking Vitalik said oracles aren't worthy of a 32mm price point.
Now fuck off.
Also, never post the face of that retard on this board again please.
Nice argument anon.
I'm gonna ask my local butcher tomorrow what stocks to buy.
Delusional linkie
im new, but you must be really new.
vitalik loves to fud
4449070how much are they paying you?
Is it in Link?
I bet it is lmao.. pathetic.
What made you so mad anon?
I wanna know.
Did you miss LINK @ ICO?
Did you fomo buy at 10k sat?
Your mother actually pays me in blowjobs
4449083The ripple network already does this though.
this explains link..https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WqKWjp-1DWslowprice<--------- ------- ---------->>>>LAMBO
Can't even read this board anymore.
I am a 100k Link holder, but this is just getting annoying and pajeet shit.
Chainlink would just be better off without the ADHD biztard degenerates.
I only now I should buy now and buy more