How can I make 1 million dollars (preferably via crypto) by the end of 2018?
I have 400 dollars to spend and I'm not opposed to shady stuff.
I'm also prepared to tolerate high risks.
Participate in pump and dump groups on a daily basis ;)
Become a rug fealer
Prepare to folate high risk> $400HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
200 Knee pads
Think you'd need to rob a bank...
Only good response so far
the best pump and dump groups?
dont spend your student bonus on crypto you idiot.
shove it into something like ODN and hope it pulls a 500x like NEO did
400 bucks should be enough for you to invest in a good pair of kneepads so you can suck a million dicks for a dollar a piece.
Buy a qtr of blow, flip it for double.
Repeat.
Shady stuff pays
Pay me and I'll tell you.discordP@protonmail.com
Start selling on Amazon.
Not kidding.
Buy $400 of product direct from china for pennies on the dollar, resale on Amazon prime for 2 to 10x the price depending on the item, rinse repeat.
Make sure you use the FBA to get the Amazon Prime shipments, otherwise you will have a much slower sale volume.
You don't even have to touch the products, they can be shipped directly to Amazon warehouse and packaged and shipped by them, they even deal with returns.
You literally click a few buttons and make money.
I think I will do this.
https://discord.gg/qPApmBw
Don't join this scam.
They failed 2 pumps already and dumped on the users.
4484728lmao who has time for that shit.first 10x you have 4k.second 10x you have 40kthird 10x you have 400k4th 10x you have 4MM.Bloom and Omega one are your first two 10x's, not sure what three and four are yet.Just made you 40k, you're fucking welcome.
Care to elaborate?
care to be more specific on what you'd like me to elaborate on so you're not wasting my time, you fucking faggot?
What is bloom and omega??
buy CONFIDO NOW
4484986He means that he invested in bloom and that have him 4k.
Then, those 4k were invested in omega and now he has 40k.
He has yet to find the other coins so he can have 4mm.
Dont join Pump and dump scam groupDont buy Confido they are already in exit scam it will reach 0$Invest in REQ it's at 32% discount and their website will be ready in Q4 2017
Please explain what omega is?
couldnt find the coin or why its a good 10 x investment
Just invent faster than light travelYou are guaranteed to be at least a billionaire after that
It doesn't take more than a few days to be up and running on Amazon... and good luck getting four 10x in a row without losing any.
I'm sure you must be a millionaire with this secret trading strategy right?
You own like what 5 lambos?
The days of easy 10 and 100x in crypto are over.
It still exists but it's rare and risk is high.
Newbs especially will lose way more than they make and all it takes is one bad trade.
Plus good luck cashing out your millions, say hello to the IRS for me.
This was $400 last month.
I got lucky on BCH, NEO, ETH and now BQX do not buy ARK or any other crypto unless you hear there’s big news coming out.
Dump it when you hit near your anticipated gains because if you wait for the news you could lose it all.
Best advice so far
>yeah man just buy X and you will be a millionare>just daytrade lol super easyliterally who became a millionare without hard work?excluding lotteries, rich parents, finding a million dollars by luck.money comes from hard work you dumbass.
there is no way that you will become a millionare with $400 in a year.
This.
Put it all in something with really low market cap that has an actual chance of succeeding.
ODN, SUB, ALIS...
I made 1.8MM in 10 months with crypto.
Your thought process is what holds you back
ALL IN CONFIDO NO STOP LOSS
Exactly my reaction.
Not him but what's your starting?
What moves did you make during the 10 months?
I'm at six figs now but want to hit 7 figs before this market dies down.
Tips?
Buy BitcoinSend it to bitmexLong Bitcoin 50x right now pray it wont go down 2% When it hits 10000 you earned 2000%That's a good start
kpower ledger.
go all in.
care to elaborate?
what did he mean by this?
If you want to make that money you're not gonna do it legally.
Find a mark who's (phone and data) you can steal .
Use monero to buy a single board computer to po box or buy with cash, load it with tails OS and download Kali tools.Look up how to do man in middle attack or (similar) Go to crypto event (yeah you can think it was safe going to one of those things)Disclaimer: may result in felony
Go to a casino, play roulette and bet $400 on black.
After winning you will have $800, take that money and then all in on black again.
Keep doing this till you have a million.
Easy money.
What percent of your portfolio is in powr and what is your reasoning?
Original plan was to hold omg for awhile since got in around $1
 bucks worth of quality kneepads and 50 bucks worth of chapstick,
power ledger.
go all in.Welp, he sure sounds like a shrewd millionaire investor.
I have 500k powercoins.
My largest investment by far.
are you currently doing this?
how much are you making?
What are you holding the rest in?
Or cashe out already
>$400Accidentally stumble upon a safe house for a Mexican drug lord and rob it with your bare hands.
about 600k cashed out so far but my portfolio increased back to around 1.7-1.9MM.Rest is NEO, ETP, AE, BTC, ETH, XRP at the moment.
Will hold these for a while, I'm done day trading.
how much investment u started with ?
can you give some day trading techniques, I am being justed badly.
check out EBET
k, do not day trade you will almost always lose.
Find good coins and hold long term.
Powr will probably give you 5-8x.
ETP is 10x, etc.I split half my coins into stable holds like ETH/BTC and then the others into coins that will grow.
offer your body, sell drugs, steal ... have more, enter crypto ta da... On serious note, you can make it if the trend continues
Why are you so sure powr will be so big?
Wtf I know this girl
I think this is the right answer, but is 400$ enough to get all equipment?
$400 to $1mto think this was ACTUALLY possible this year and a few select anons made all the right callsx on ETH from January to Aprilx on DGB/SC/XVG in Mayx on ANS/NEO in July/Augustx on OMG in Augustx on ZRX in Augustx on Kyber in Septemberx on Chainlink in Octoberx on Confido (lol) two weeks agoand many many many fucking more
you too?
4484467That's the best way to go 1 Millions $ to 400 $
The trick is, investing in the right place at the right fucking time,bro.
Don't invest in any fucking ICO..Catch those coins right when they have left the station, but before they moon.Works for me.
I bought some TIO a week ago, they just got listed on ED, not yet on CMC and soon to be on Hitbtc and Binance.The fucking bounty hunters are dumping their tokens right now..get them!
Here's the link to this shit: 
Unironically bitcoal
Where do you find this groups?
OmegaRetarded
The trick is, investing in the right place at the right fucking time,bro.
Don't invest in any fucking ICO..Catch those coins right when they have left the station, but before they moon.Works for me.
I bought some TIO a week ago, they just got listed on ED, not yet on CMC and soon to be on Hitbtc and Binance.The fucking bounty hunters are dumping their tokens right now..get them!
Here's the link to this shit: Where did you buy it from ?
everytime>chainlink