Why do altcoins even exist is this shit happens every fucking time BTC does anything
Why do altcoins even existTo steal your money away or allow you to steal money from other retards
when's the market going to stabilize and not go to utter shit when Bitcoin moves?
If it never will whats the point of all this?
when's the market going to stabilize and not go to utter shit when Bitcoin moves?I doubt ever again unless a new fresh face on the block convinces new people to get on the exchanges to trade.
ETH did that earlier in the year
That's why Wallstreet is stepping in to tame BTC, this won't go on for much longer
so that it?
crypto is over unless you already have a few of an expensive old dinosaur?
"oh this coin looks promising">get raped by bitcoin mooning againFUCK
>btc goes up>alts go down because everyone is in btc>btc goes down>alts go down because everyone is cashing outevery time
unless a new fresh face on the block convinces new people to get on the exchanges to trade.Soon.
thiswallstreet will settle bitcoin the fuck down and enjoy their meme 1% daily swings and us neets can get back to altcoin shitfests (until they weed out good altcoins if they start seeing mainstream use and pin those down too)
hey guys?
is siacoin ever going back up?
CONFERENCE
All altcoins need a fucking fiat pairing.
The BTC/alt pairing is so fucked now that BTC is going to the moon
FpbpDumb people flock to altcoinsBitcoin is and will always be the only crypto
Pretty sure people trying to invest in bitcoin arent smart money anymore lmao
but bitcoin sucks>crazy high transaction times>crazy high transaction fees>expensive as fuck to get in with any sizable amount
because youre a faggot
So you do the opposite right?
The only good thing about bitcoin is its inflated market value.
2017 era crypto newfag and total brainlet starts to realize alts are nothing more than a trading mechanism to increase your BTC stash
implying anyone gives a shit about marginal tech differences when bitcoin has several orders of magnitude more liquidity and network security than any other shitcoin
Really.
The only thing that will take down BTC is something that changes up how things are done.
Not just 'it's still PoW BTC but better'
implying anyone gives a shit about Facebook when MySpace has several orders of magnitude more users and networks of friends than any other social mediaAdmit it, its fucking tethers thats pumping this shit.