Hey faggots.
Bat is the next big coin.
Promise you this.https://www.reddit.com/r/BATProject/comments/7ekc33/im_a_youtuber_800k_subs_with_a_few_questions/
> YES....
YES... MY POWER IS GROWING AT AN ASTRONOMICAL RATE> MWUAHAHAHAHAHAHA
honestly seems promising to me, im in
This got signaled on Asian Whales just a minute ago at under 2000.
Seems legit.
BATMAN COIN?
IM IN
Fasten seatbelts faggots.
This shit's about to get started.
BUY BUY BUYTHIS COIN GOING x10000
FAGGOTS ACTUALLY CALLING IT EARLY FOR ONCE!Am I going to make it biz?
Got my bat browser watching my bat gains.
Getting rich is easy.
LET'S GO BOIS
Signaled again on pump notifier.
I heard Teeka Tiwari sent out a buy alert to his subscribers about an hour ago.Something big coming?
BAT coin?
hmmm..Seems good.
WTF, 3% in 2 minutes?
Whats a good entry point guys?
Worst brand in crypto history and you got bags.
My condolences.
I guess you did not have enough basic attention to know it was a shitty concept.
on vip channel?
Damn i wish I had access to that shit.
lies about PBC btw probably asian whale club bullshit trying to infiltrate again
nah, it was in PBC.
worst pbc yet, but BAT looks good.
It was in the last PBC report.
On short-term tho
Can it push 2k tonight?
they looking for a quick 30% the asian whale fucks then dump on your ass.they did it with civic the other day notice it stayed at .30 with all the doggie bag holders.don't be the BATshit.
Ok. Yeah i thought it was weird time of night to get a buy alert.However, I joined this anyway.
Even if some asians are just trying to pump it I may as well try to profit.Hopefully they are good.
Late night pumps are the best.
They fall off slower so you have more time to get your money out.
I'm loving this, and I don't think it's really even started yet.
Its always correct to buy the PCB coin BOIS.
This aint no meme coin, this is the real deal.
You want to go to the moon or not
Man, the whole comment of the CEO is crazy.
BAT is a silent dragon that found bottom, and is gonna grow hardddddBrave won't corner the market overnight, so as we grow we will work to standardize what we can with other browser vendors.
For some strange reason, Apple is our best ally among big 4. ;-)
For reals, no /biz/ faggot memes.
How high can it go?
I don't give a fuck what it is.
I'm here to make some money.
it WILL go to $10000 a coineven a smol investment now will make you a bagillianaire
What did you buy in at?What do you plan to sell out on?
Dollar should be endgame.
am i too late for the moon
At least go back to previous 5.5k satoshi
its been in PBC forever, dumbasses, along with Lykke and other Teeka "amazing picks" that your dog could have made.
hmmm.BAT pbc pick ?
damnn ill get some more and hold
up to 0.35?
my bat feels so comfy soo comfy.
this is much better than a sticker on a skateboard
BUY THIS COIN AND HODL
Teeka is a huge piece of shit king pajeet, but I like BAT.
Teeka put a buy in at twice this pricejust like his other shit picks except NEOwhich some smart fuck told him to buy and he got lucky now he is a genius..bullshit he just picked DASH wow what a revelation!
because, POT!
woooot!now you gonna buy one of his "short" picks which is short for "fucking underwater so please buy this shit then it will disappear from my list"
Yeah, let's be real.
Most of Teeka's short term portfolio picks have sucked ass and you lost hard if you bought GNT up to 60 cents or BAT up to 30 cents.
i don't hate BAT at this price.i hate contrived fake news and bullshit.if you like BAT this is a great long.
it isn't even a good pump coin.
it's only a good whale coin if volume increases for the skanks that profit off average people because they can't contribute anything to society but their excrement and their seven last names.
BAT is def going to $1 within 1-2 years.
Now is a great time to accumulate.
Anon...
I am going to trust you with everything.I am poor but I'm going to see EVERYTHING I have so I can invest in BAT
just go buy POWR, hold, and retire in 5 years.. Substratum too.. there are some serious WINS out there folks.. you ain't gonna get rich of motherfucking BROWSER.. you don't think any blockchain worth a shit can't come up with BRAVE type of browser down the road and compete?
c'mon if you looking for a quick hitter too, MODUM is ripe.. you gonna go 2.5x in a few weeks.. or more.. don't be a sheep is all for these frauds
Lol, this isn't a joke....https://bittox.com/2017/11/22/basic-attention-token-gaining-brave-web-browser-implementation/4 mins ago.
coincidence?
you know what else is going to 5x in a year?
EVERY GODDAM PROJECT WORTH A FUCKPLEASE!!!
BAT IS OK INVESTMENT BUT DON'T go hard on this one you have been warned
too late, I'm already all inshould be able to make at least $40 when all is said and done
shit am i too late for the moon mission
hell FUNFAIR will chew BAT up and spit it out.. they will print money if adopted.. how is BAT going to print money?
off free fucking ads?
c'mon!
yeah I hope I manage to make 50 AUD when all is said and done
Not yet faggot we just begun.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KaOC9danxNo
you rescued my night friendo
No pajeets though
Poorfag here, have 5k BAT... will I make it???
If you can create something that will get someone's attention, that's worth millions of dollars.That's what brave is doing.
Getting your attention so that you may reward others for getting your attention.
have 5k BAT... will I make it??
?It will be worth $1 a bat next year.
So you'll have moderate gains.
Probably the most egregious shitcoin going.
The business model is to give free BAT to users for a while, reducing value as seen already.
Then for people to spend money for ads.
It's inconceivably stupid.
But it's a browser that uses crypto for some reason!
t. retardBAT + privacy coins are the thing to accumulate
nobatters don't look so smart now do they?
100k bat here my fellow batties
is it true that big youtubers like pewdiepie signed up?
Try giving an actual argument to not be such an obvious shill.
Im a bit stuck in this coin.
Waiting for a little peak.
Just a little peak please.
Is there gonna be any soon?
My crystal ball aint working or it was upside down.
Hype is finished for the youtube news; i move to RDN because they will launch their first product in end of this month, and this will be HUDGE
I did hold a fair bit of this a little while back, ended up selling as I couldn't imagine myself ever watching ads for such a small amount of money.I get that yt starts will give it exposure and pump it for a while so its a good short term hold but bad for the long termAm I missing something?
dnt is the real pbc pick.
not bat
It's not supposed to operate like a faucet, it's more like chosing to enable ads on normal sites will reward you with a small amount of BAT, in turn you can decide if you want to reward a content creator of your choice by giving them a portion of the BAT you accumulate.
Like if I follow a YouTuber that I really like, I'll send some BAT his way as thanks for awesome content, it doesn't cost me anything and he can afford to keep doing what he does.
YouTube does a horrible job of paying the vast majority of its creators.
Unless you have an insane amount of followers you will make little to nothing on YouTube.
This can change that.
Even a relatively small number of dedicated followers can provide a steady stream of BAT to creators who can cash them in for $.
Of course this doesn't stop at YouTube, it can work with blogs, twitch, or just about anything.
I watch a lot of streaming anime and I would totally donate to the people that translate subtitles into English and post them online for me to watch every week.
is there an incentive to use the bat browser?
You mean Brave?
Yeah, I use it all the time.
It's fast and has good privacy settings and adblocking.
And the mobile version is pretty much the best mobile browser you can get.
I have unlimited data, but lots of people say they save a lot on data because brave blocks so many ads that suck up their data.
It's pretty popular without BAT already.