Meanwhile, the prince is getting stronger while BTC and BCH sling shit at each other.
Once proof of stake hits, the store of value meme will be BTFO.
All erc20 tokens just run on eth, pie is misleading
All erc20 tokens just run on eth, pie is misleadingThats the fucking point retard.
ETH ecosystem is becoming larger and will continue to become larger while BTC becomes shittier each day.
Once proof of stake hits, the store of value meme will be BTFO.bitcoin is such a great store of value precisely because it isn't proof of stake.
Ethereum is nice, but don't pretend it's something it's not.
Proof of stake is an unsolved problem, and like chaining your bicycle to itself in order to stop theft of it, may never actually be solved period.Furthermore, the present proof of work investment behind Ethereum is orders of magnitude beneath BCH.
And last of all, because of the monetary supply, Ethereum will never compete well with store of value coins focused around a strictly limited supply.
will never compete well with store of value coins focused around a strictly limited supplythis doesn't actually mean it will be less valuable
more and more icos using eth>all of them dump their free tokens into eth>this is going to raise the price of eth and not devalue it for some reason
All in on Dash
ICOs bring in new money via ETH
All those ICOs lead to projects that use the ethereum network and therefore will cause an increased demand for ethereum used for network gas to pay for transactions.They are a temporary hit to ETH price but a long term increase.
It's going to blow up big time.
Elaborate?
Why would it have more value given its value is effectively just its utility vs competitors that are optimally setup as actual stores of value on a hard limited supply?
Sorry anon I dont get what youre saying.
You reckon increased demand for eth from eth/shitcoin pairs wont raise the price of eth?The reason eth has been floating around $300 for so long is because ico teams have been dumping everything they got.
I guess they finally got rid of most of it and theres no more massive sell pressure.
just its utilityNetwork effects + first mover advantage make that pretty powerful, no?
There are many other coins with both a hard limited supply and greater network effect and more of a first mover advantage than ethereum, so I don't really see how what you're saying here follows.
There are many other coins with both a hard limited supply and greater network effect and more of a first mover advantage than ethereumWhat.
What the absolute fuck.Name a single one.
Are you high?Ethereum has the most projects being built on it by far, the most amount of transactions TODAY before the projects are even realized, the most interest from businesses and startups by an order of magnitude more than all other platforms combined.
Name every crypto that existed before ethereum?
Really?Ethereum's unique advantage is as a platform for smart contracts.
And it's not even "first" at that either.
Bitcoin has had script since long before Ethereum came along.Basically what I'm getting at is I don't follow how you think that ETH tokens are going to appreciate in value more than DASH XMR BCH etc tokens, given the limited supply properties of the latter vs the not of the former.It seems to me ETH tokens ought to have pretty much a transactional value set by the amount of activity within the platform floating ICO's rather than a steadily appreciating value like traditional hard supply limited cryptocurrencies.