BTC gonna roar bois
do you have sources for these numbers, because anyone can put text in ms paint.
https://fork.lol
fork.lol
Not him but fork.lolIf you don't trust this website, you can calculate this number yourself based on the last difficulties and the hashrate.
Why does this happens?
And can it be reversed?
What if in 1 hour bch becomes more profitable again?
I don't know how this works.
4325352thanks for the input, I've only been trading since wednesday so this is all new to me, things are doing good though.
What if in 1 hour bch becomes more profitable again?Difficulty naturally adjusts in response to mining power(Except Jihan wants to personally change the mining difficulty to make BCH easier because he's a cunt)
check fork.lolit's legit
literally nothing is happening
lol @ all the obvious newcoiners that were dancing around at BCH going up last nightThis exact same shit happened in August.
I didn't get in for BCH, I just wanted to put some spare savings I had lying around into BTC so I could have some extra tendie money when I go on holiday, then doing my research I saw all the shit going on between it all, Not trying to shill a coin, just genuinely trying to learn how to secure my assets.
Where is the action!!
!Nothing is happening.
just genuinely trying to learn how to secure my assets.So, you bought a highly speculative asset just to have a little bit more money for holiday?
Dumped my bch at 1800 yesterday back into btc.
Moonbound.
Yeah.
Sure is roaring alright!
Pic related is a peak-based slope (which is often the best way to predict BTC since its peaks are always followed by massive selling).
well it seemed easier than stocks and less crazy than gold.
Plus I only put a about 30% of my "designated-hooker-money" aside.
almost 30 minutes since the last BCH block
muh flippeninghahahhahHAHHAHAHAHHAA
>The BCH chain is currently running at 38.29% difficulty compared to the BTC chain.
https://btc.com/stats/unconfirmed-txI love this roaring, this 900+ sat/B roaring where transactions dont go through.
So?
Is this good or bad?
Brainlet here
Yeah, it's going to fall to about $5500 before blockchain gets unclogged, but then it's a moon mission again.If I were you, I would also put everything into ETH at the moment, it's rising very nicely and therefore it will be more profitable to buy more BTC for ETH than for USD.
Why would it?
BCH changes DAA tomorrow.
Most of those stuck BTC transactions dump as soon as they get through
Satoshi's "30 minute per block" vision
Won't go this way.
Many transactions is from people trying to get their coins to exchanges to sell them.
We will have a sellout after the mempool clears.
We will rebound some days after that.
I already am prepared to buy more BTC at a discount.
BCH changes DAA tomorrow.I love forks dictated by one man to lower difficulty and entice miners.
Decentralized indeed
Difficulty is unappealing to miners.
Because it's more difficult to make money.
> Miners switch to BTC for 23 hours and collect transaction fees > BCH fork happens fixing the DAA > Miners dump all their newly mined BTC for BCH > Switch back to BCH > Continue flippening
how long should it take now?40 minutes?
Very few people on exchanges have placed orders below the 5250-5500 range, I think the sentiment is that that's where BTC is going at its lowest.
Might change in time, of course.
"fixing the DAA"That's a nice way to justify it
bad for bitcoin good for bch
Dear employee of Blockstream.
Please leave.
They're both shit and something should take their place
lol @ all the obvious newcoiners that were dancing around at BTC going up last nightThis exact same shit happened yesterday.
why is everyone saying get out of btc!!!!
!if you were in before the fork don't you get the fork ?
:)
OH NO NO NO NO AH HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
4325469Hint: You can leave the name field blank, faggot.
lolbch about to hit 2k again!
why is everyone saying get out of btc!!!!!
"everyone" are the bcash holders who want to scare btc hodlers into giving up their money.
Long term there is no rationality behind this.
It is just a scare tactic combined with a pump and flooding btc with spam transactions.
It's unsustainable for any amount of time.
Just wait and see.
The whales are saying it because they already cashed out at the peak.
They need the value lowered to buy back in and start the next pump-up.
Maybe because bitcoin is dumping, now at 5600$ and bcash is rising.
I don't know, just an idea man.
Doesn't matter for shit.
Blocks aren't remotely close to 8MB.
bch to 100 sats.
in line with btcred