Why, everyone sold ?
:(Am I the only one left?
You are not getting mine!
LlNK dead.
Sell now!
Buy BCash now!
Never sellOnly hold
You're not alone, brother in hodl.
keep your shitcoin
3 link marines left standing
i literally bought at the top and ive just forgotten about my link.
Ill let that shit simmer till next year... or next 3 years.
whenever this shit moons again
Me too, I went all in at 10 k satoshi,But then again i went double all in again in the bottom at 1980 satoshi
I'll be hodling until the zombie apocalypse
kek
Who are they standing against?
fuck all of you, we are doing great
K I'm not selling until it hits $20.
Just knowing /biz/ panic sold all their link is a good indication it will eventually go to the moon.
K reporting in.
(Formerly 98500)I increased my stack in the last few pumps, a bit of my gains were lost when I was stricken by a case of FOMO by the 3rd 3k+ run.
However my bags were filled sub 2700 sir.WE're gonna make it
20k.
Just give me something to help me with these bags.
They're too heavy.
pajeets sold their link.
True bizraelis hodl link while posting toilet memes and deluded linkies threads100k link hodler and toilet meme aficionado
its ok. DGB marines holded an they did ok.
Almost 50k here, slowly stacking upDon't moon without me getting above 50kAfter that i just know i want 100 k Fucking fomo
Used to have about 80k but down to 55k.
Sold it all hoping to chase pumps for about a week and get back in for more Link.
Lost 20% on like 4 trades in a row and finally gave up and bought back in for less.I will say link is the easiest coin to day trade.
There is always a coordinated pump by 5-10% once or twice a day that gets dumped back down a few hours later.
Already made 10k link trading since I got back in two days ago.Hoping to get back up to at least 75k Link, 100k is the dream though.
I have 25k in a wallet though in case I get burned and ot never comes back down that I will not sell under $2.
Status update : 14 link marines left standing
Link confirmed dead
le hodl XD
I'm going to hold until it reaches $10 and buy myself a nice lambo
realistically though, what does everyone genuinely think link is going to make it to?im thinking by the end of q1 2018 it will probably be sitting pretty at about 5 bucks
$0.50 eoy.
$1 to $2 mid to late 2018.
seems reasonable
$0.50 eoy.$15 to $20 mid to late 2018.Fixed.
>All these people with thousands of LINK making me feel bad about only having 330.
I wish anon.
I would jizz my pants so fucking hard if that happens.
It's funny.
I have 200K and I feel tiny compared to the anons here with 400K plus and a few with 1M.
well it's gonna happen.
as long as sergey gets enough industry clients (not partners, CLIENTS) for the decentralized oracle network.
if this network gets off the ground, it will be the most valuable thing in crypto.
yes, even more than bitcoin.
that's how potentially yuge this is.this is why sergey might be stress eating, in fact.
he realizes the sheer epicness of this opportunity.
this is also why he couldn't care less about getting on bittrex or whatever the fuck.
he has MUCH more important things to do right now.
let him work, you pajeets and neets.
tfw only 70kam i going to make it????
yes.
anything above 50k is good.
but try to accumulate to 100k if you can.
Even if it merely goes 10X you will have a sweet 120K.
I have faith it will at least do that.
I have high hopes for LINK.
I'm hodling till July 2020 and will think about cashing some out then.
Amen, anon
Can someone explain why is Link an innovation compared to other cryptos?
I don't get whats so special about it.
thank you to based sergey for giving me the time to accumulate more chainlink.
he wants everyone on /biz/ to have the lambo.
it has more meme magic than anyting else.
4362148I really hope so...I regret not selling at least a small part of my stack during sibos, could've had so much more LINK if I played around with those buy and sell walls a bit.
fuck you i will probably only get 10k max.
I'M GONNA FUCKING MAKE IT
hey there anon!I have only 300 too.I also bought them kinda high.All in the minus.
I have 201 :(, it's 40$ investment, if it does moon I hope to make $500 of it.
k is minimum lambo IMO :^)
Thats the real deal
it has a bigger autistic cult following on biz than any other coin because it shares a name with zeldas main character
can someone post a chainlink wallpaper.
thanks