any fellow NEETs here comfy profiting off crypto?
feelsgood desu
I've lost 300$ to an exchange(fuck you bittrex) and I invested 1000$ in EBET (worth about 350$ now).
I only gained from 200$ from holding bitcoin.
Rate my gainz.
I honestly don't want to touch crypto anymore.
I rage every time I think about it.
this bitcoin mooning is so fucking annoying>btc moons>all alts are bleedinga good time to buy the dips but it annoys me anyways because I hate waiting
if those are your first trades its not bad desu, just a learning experience.
crypto is comfy gains once you realize patterns in each coin and the market.
Trade over to bitcoin then I guess.
its too late now, now I wait for the BTC correction to buy the dip.
>poorfag when btc/crypto started so couldn't buy>still poorfag all these years laternever had a chance desu
if you bought bitcoin when ti was 1$ and bought 10 of them, you'd have $77000 dollars right now.
That'd cost you only 10$.Your excuse is just a way to cope.
CUTE!
doubled my money last 3 weeks desu senpai $1500 to $3500
I've 5x'd since I started about 2 months agoI really don't want to go back to uni next year, so I need to make some seriously decent gains before that happens to have enough to sustain myself.So basically I need to become a giga chad day trader in about 3 months
Only losing money since August.
If it wasn't for kyber x5 exit I would've killed myself by now, it saved my portfolio from getting completely JUSTed, but still, I've lost a lot in the last 3 months
Well fine, what can I do right now to guarantee comfy times in the future?
first trade on the bch pump>almost JUST'd but made 250€ insteadShould I only hodl the king?
I don't think I can handle this game /biz/
just calculate your daily expenses desu, from there you can set a target of what you need to make monthly, i believe in you!
:3
October taught me to respect the king, but I still sell it into fiat occasionally.
Sold at 7200 and bought back in at 5400.
These "crashes" happen at the same time every time, im surprised more people dont take advantage of it.
>be neet>get treated like a literal baby>dont have to do shit>smoke weed all day and lose money trading>doesnt matter, get more money from mommy
I can often predict the crashes but not the dips, so I sell before it crashes but then buy back when it's higher than when I sold.
yeah, i only trade btci like ichimoku clouds
Show me Desu64 please.
I'll trade you a lewd pic for it.
Right hereHaven't worked in a year and have made $45k
tfw a girl will never look at you like thisatleast i got my crypto gains though
Cute!