>tfw when you sold all your altcoins for bch hoping to recover your losses from the altcoins.
lol idiot don't chase pumps, be the one that gets in early for the pumpi already 10x'd my investment buying bcc at the bottom, you're just stupid as fuck for fomo buying
>tfw you did the same as OP, but sold at the right time and are up 60%
OK, how do you predict a pump will happen?
What are the symptoms?
bumping for this
In this case the huge marketing power contributed by ver was a bit of a giveaway.Never underestimate the ability of determined shills with lots of money to pump a shitcoin to high heaven
mainly volume increase if you see the volume doubles in short amount of time i time to buy
You have to possess a certain level of intelligence and judging by your OP, i'm afraid you don't have it.
What level of smarts should I be on?
Judging by your inability to tell me apart from OP by ID number, I don't expect you to be qualified to even begin talking about distinguishing pumps from nonpumps.
You need at least 140 IQ to trade
sold my altcoins for this other alt coinsorry BCHfagsBitcoin Cash is NOT BITCOINno matter what Roger Ver says
I literally did this at 2000$sold at 1500$ lost 4k in under 2 hours
Volume, order depth
why sell though.
it's obviously gonna recover.
Let me guess, you are anglo-saxon.
HAHAHA, fucking retarded sucker.
Anglos are such a running joke.
Permanently infantile cucks.
Always falling for everything.
whoops wrong board>>>/pol/
There is nothing intelligent about trading you total fucking anglo-saxon faggot.
It takes more brainpower to play poker than to trade in the markets.
LOL, fucking anglos are so gay god damn.
about 16 times your current
Awww did you get your fee fee hurted?
you dont belong here
4326131Your inferiority complex is showing
it'll be more painful when it recovers tonight...
L O FUCKING L
4326035fucking hope it recovers, i havent sold yet
recovering from a PnD Some people deserve to lose money
>only bought a small amount of BCH at 700 because I thought it was already too highI should have dumped everything into it.
In hindsight it's obvious it had a good chance of hitting it's August high at the very least.
Now it was just enough to soften the blow of bitcoin crashing.
Oh well.