I have been following bitcoin cash for the whole last 2 hours now.Two massive sell walls of 30 btc and 50 btc each literally got obliterated by thousands of individual 0.3 btc orders.The 30 btc sell got obliterated in 6 minutes and the 50 btc sell wall just now got pulled back after they ate more than 25 btc from it.People behind the scenes are accumulating big time, and if you aren't in this , you are in for some fucking but-hurt coming months, weeks, days.
Hindsight is 20/2099.99 % of the people don't have it, and let's face it they would have never done it anyways if they were at the exact right moment and time in the past.
Did I miss the boat?
I would need to transfer BTC from Binance to Kraken to even get some
why, there is a bitcoin/bitcoin cash trading pair at binance
I did it.
I literally cm on the PC like 20 mins ago, saw BTC is still bearish an almost clicked all in when I saw the BCH breakout but pussied out.
Fuck me I've lost so much money pussying out these last few days.
There are things in motion guys!You need to move your BTC over to BCHTHIS IS NOT A DRILL THIS IS NOT A DRILLDO YOU HEAR ME FUCKERSSCREEN CAP THIS FOR CHRIST SAKESBUY BCH AND BE 3 STEPS AHEAD OF NORMIESoh yeah, and GET
The death of Blockstream will make normies loose so much money that regulations will follow.
Don't ya think so?
lol.
no
God, I can't wait for the r/bitcoin faggots' reactions when the flippening happens.
Thanks for the thread OP.
Just noticed the opposite happening on Bittrex: thousands of 0.3 sell orders.Thoughts?
Looks like a bull pennent forming on the 1 day chart.Also Korea wakes up in 1 hour.Time for b.lastoff
You faggots always posting after it moons, kill yourselves
You haven't missed anything yet, the real gains are coming soon.
As the other guy said, just trade BCC/BTC pairs - avoid fees and fucking hours/days for BTC to confirm
Nah regulation is on the way, a shitstorm is coming soon and its not because of the flippening.From what I can see bitconnect could be days to weeks away from collapsing, that is gonna trigger some serious government oversight/intervention soon
Why do you say that?Would love any info on the imminent and inevitable collapse of BITCONNNNNNEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
IM GONNA PUT 100 IN BITCOIN CASH AM I STUPID
More like Bitcoin Crash