Early retirement club includes LTC, BTC, and XMR.
you forgot about dash pajeet
and XBC
Yall niggers sleepin on ZCoin
Shilling LTC?
How does Charlie's dick taste
You're the street shitter recommending anything that wasn't around when btc was a weeee lad.
Ltc was around when gox'd happened.Only the old altcoins will truly bloom.
bought at 90 and sold at 140, no rigrats.
Really good considering I got in at 40.While you street shitters were shilling shit coins, ol dink chink sucker here was accumulating the kings of crypto currency.
Oh wow u got in at 40, such extreme gains right there.
Totally worth gargling the balls of an Asian who doesn't improve his projects and just shits out his autism on Twitter all day, just as u shit out autism on here about a coin that literally does nothing.
I'm thinking about getting into XMR for a long-term hold even at this price.
Normies are getting xmr too brehs.pick related.
100% xmr and early retirement is pretty much guaranteed
No need to be salty about these mad gains.I'm also holding xmr @ 50.Get jelly.
Shilling LTC?
How does Charlie's dick tastebetter then jihans and vers when they double team you on another pnd
Where do I get monero?
Can I buy it with USD or BTC only?
I'm all in ETH, will I make it
That coin sucks as bad as Dash but it might pump hard because of masternodes
Really good considering I got in at 40And what was BTC going for at that time?
3k?
He thinks I didn't play the btc waves> Implying I didn't jump in and out of bchWew lad
BTC and/or Eth only.
Bittrex or Binance, I would go with Binance if you're making a new account.
Buy on Coinbase if you're a n0ob and transfer it over to one of those exchanges to buy Monero
LTCtrash coin>BTCdead in 3-4 days>XMRwill survive the bitfinexing of crypto and grow significantly
Slowpoke here, I'm just getting into bitcoin exchange.What's the best miner to install on my PC?Do they all generate a QR code I can print to keep my BTC on paper?I have ALREADY lurked but there seems to be a lot of good options.
you do not want to ask about mining heresimply said, mining bitcoin on a PC in 2017 is useless, try to mine other altcoins (whattomine.com)
4506817I think he's such a nub he meant wallet instead of miner
4506817Fuck!I meant WALLET.Whats the best WALLET choice please.
Can you buy Monero on poloniex using usd?
WHY THE FUCK IS MONERO ON FACEBOOKGAHHHH
Also I am sorely tempted to flip my entire BTC stack to Monero, however A) I like holding Bitcoin because its fucking Bitcoin and B) buying that much XMR at once would increase the price because the liquidity isnt actually that high...
shapeshift.io
Ugghhhh "cryptocurrency Collectors Club", fuck I almost want to sell now
Dash is a premined scam coin
OMG + POWR + XMR + ETH + LTC + ARKearly retirement boyz
You forgot BAT.
Dude get over it, so what if it is premined?
How many ICOs are out here that raise multimillions before developing anything?
Glorified pajeet coin, sell immediately for XMR