Can it realistically hit $100?
$35 billion?
Give me truth here.
no
yes
buy ARK
 the technology that makes smart contracts work is worth less than $949382984 gorillionHow shortsighted
It could.. could also hit 100k marketcap..I'd say we will definitely see some crypto's reach 100 billion marketcap besides Bitcoin.
This is at best a $5 coin in 2 years.
Nothing wrong with making x5 your money buying in under 20 cents per LINK right now.
you idiot
This is at best a $5 coin in 2 years>making x5 your money buying in under 20 cents per LINK right now.2 * 5 = ????
?The absolute state of LINK fudders lmao.
People like you is why they call Linkies deluded.
35 billion.
Really?
hahaha maths
you idiot too
LINK fudders are getting desperate.
why the hell not son of birch bastird
I meant because x5 at 20 cents is $1.00 which is very realistic target for LINK.
$5 is a best case scenario.
You're going to complain about making x5 or x10 your money?
Okay.
Not FUDing at all just realistic.
I own 20k LINK.
Pretty sure that the best case scenario is Ripple's current marketcap.
way higher.
ripple is this high because it MIGHT beat swift.
Link is going to BE swift.
I am seeing 50-100 billion
the thing is, if that infact happens, wont ethereum also moon hard as fk?
wouldnt holding ETH be a much less risky move and only slighty less rewarding?
i know link goes behond ethereum but ethereum will be the main blockchain for smartcontracts for the same reason bitcoin will always be the king.
first mover.
funny how all the LINK doubters suck ass at math, lmao
LINK works with bitcoin, eth, and hyperledger chains.
it isn't an only eth thing.
if the marketcap of crypto increases to 1t+ then yeah sure there'll be plenty of coins with 10b+ marketcaps.
the question is in what order.
you can hold link and wait for that day sure but in that time there'll be other projects that are way more hyped up and will yield quicker returns.personally i'm 30% in link 70% in moon missions that i will then feed into link or whatever other coins i think are good longterm
Thats why I hold BTC, ETH and LINK, they don't compete in the same thing, but rather complement each other.
youre depressing me bra
"don't buy link cuz other coins will moon first"uh huh.
good luck chasing those moon missions.
If you think BTC can go beyond $10k then hell yeah LINK can hit $100
k LINK at 0.17 cents will put me at what if LINK hits 100$?
how do I even buy this?
It's not on bittrex
multiplication too hard for you?
$45 million lucky .
I only have 50k .
5 mill aint bad tho
Binance or EtherDelta.
This is one of those coins most people will fud or dismiss until it hits a larger exchange like Poloniex.
Chainlink will not be the only oracle provider.
The only advantage they have right now is being a first mover.
If that even
first mover, heh.
we all know that advantage means NOTHING in the crypto space.
>solves the oracle problem
fucking LOL
No.Anyone telling you otherwise is this pic.
Especially when it comes to a decentralised oracle network.
First mover advantage s MASSIVE in this space.Anyone coming in after ChainLink and trying to do the same thing would either have to conjure up an entirely new network of nodes, or somehow incentivise node operators to change over.
That is a super difficult ask.
have fun hodling through rises and dips instead of researching other opportunities and getting a bigger payout in the end when all you do is sit on biz all day anyway
If SWIFT adopts it even in Q2 2018 then it will hit 500 Billion market cap by end of year.
I don't think you comprehend how different this will be from ETH or BTC blowing up.
This will literally make dozens of millionaires from the people here by 2019.
Yeah.. you might actually be retarded.
I'm gambling my entire future hoping to just double my money in the short term before I buy in.
But I'll probably wake up one morning and LINK will be at .40 because of some leak or announcement and there goes my opportunity.
You would have said the same about bitcoin 2 years ago.
no.
Link at 5$ is a stretch.
But seriously that is fucking huge in terms of gains.
Stop being a bitch and get your easy 10x-50x without lifting a finger
For the newfag here.Can anyone tell me what the hype about chainlink is all about?Friend who hols 1mil in ether said it has a lot of potential, but im quite new to crypto.
thanks!
it solves the oracle problem
No news has come out about this coin.
Who even knows WTF they are doing with hundreds of millions of dollars.
Take a guess.
Its a shitcoin
saddup it's priced in!
which is?
My nigga, 200$ eoy 2018
I'm gonna drop $250 USD on it.
I'll be sad if I lose that, but also sad if it really does moon.
Oh well, getting into crypto has brought me nothing but sadness anyway, even when I gain.
muh $32 million JSON data reader
35 billion?
Even at 10 million I think it’s overvalued.
How long until this is used enough to justify 10 million in transaction fees?
Will it ever be?
Seems unnecessary desu
not all of us have only 500 bucks and desperately need to swing trade to get anything more than lunch money
brainlet, don't speak
Care to explain?
It took BTC nearly a decade to reach $7k, and that's with a circulating supply of 21 million.
LINK has a total supply of 1 billion.
You're going to be hodling a long time buddy.
Get some grip strength with some Edward 40-hands
Don't bother any time any legitimate concern is brought up they just attack your intelligence.
It's pathetic
took BTC near 10 years>started when there was literally no market for itBitcoin took forever to reach these highs cause it started cryptoeverything else is going to move a lot faster
someone pls tell who the fuck is selling link?
like are people buying at 17 cents and selling at 19 cents over and over and over?
How is this possibly just sitting at 18 cents?
lmao another link fudder that can't do basic math
https://www.stitcher.com/podcast/crypto-voices-2/crypto-voices/e/51796639listen at 12:40, doesnt that sound like chainlink??
https://www.stitcher.com/podcast/crypto-voices-2/crypto-voices/e/51796639At 12:40 She was describing SIBOS.At 13:49 She said Chain...... then stopped after she realized she was about ti give out insider info lmao.
why do you think bitcoin is 7k?you fucking retard, do you think it's becasue of the super high tech behind it LMFAOOOOOOO HAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
CITYGROUP AND NASDAQ FUCKING AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHCHAINLINK WHEN MOON FUCKING JEW ZIONIST CREW GIVE ME MY SHARE AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARGHHHI WANNNA BU FUCKIGN RAEICHH AAAAAAAAAAAAAA
I was kidding bro.
Shes talking about a company called Chain.
Which means Chain has a Link with NASDAQ and Citigroup.... ChainLink.
4388127Stop making us look bad boys, what she is referring to at 13:49 is:http://www.nasdaq.com/article/nasdaq-and-citi-announce-pioneering-blockchain-and-global-banking-integration-cm792544
I already said i was joking kek  i'll stop now.
I got 8k link and .7 BTCShould I just YOLO and dump it all on link?
you really think so?I'd have enough to quit wagecuck at such a price
I would even at 5$ it would be sick gainz