What color lambo are you guys going with?
Blue and white in honor of making it thanks to chainlink.
>Wasting your money on a LamboI'm driving my Prius until it fucking dies
Would never buy a lamboPorsche 911 GT3 RS only.
Stainless steel custom job for maximum obnxiousness
i will unironically customize some expensive shit with chainlink logos and colors if i make it and then post it here
None, because I'm not tasteless fag.
It's perfect car for Amerimutts though.
Going with a classic porsche instead tbqhwyf
lambos are corny as fuck and scream "new money"but if i had to, white
McLaren or Tesla Roadster.
Probably won't buy anything and keep living life.
I like the Charlie Munger philosophy.
Lambos suck every loser in the US and the EmirateArabsgjasgja wants one.
Get a Tesla Roadster or a Buggatti

Only lambo I'd get is a white diablo.
YESThat's the point.
Its FU money and I love it
Transparent
LINK hodler here
fuck a lambo i'm buying a farm
Orange, Monero colors
REDD
FIAT Punto for me.
Never gonna make it with that mgtow betaboy mindset
I want to be on TV looking like a retard like Elonhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eb3pmifEZ44
Biz purple.
Tesla for that autopilot so I can day trade on the highway.
not Multipla
Won't be buying a lambo because I'm not materialisticI'll be donating my profits to promoting the veganism
t. Soyboy Bugman
What a bunch of autistic linkfags.
44326194432757443276944330544433705Acting like you're somehow above lamborghinis>Acting like you have good taste and "shmucks" who buy lambos are the losers instead of choosing to buy some other car>Thinking this opinion is unique despite the fact that there are 11 such ones in this thread as referenced^Cringey fucks.
Please stop giving me second-hand embarrassment.
We'd all love a lambo so just shut the fuck up.I can't believe I actually have to browse the same board as you bumbling, drooling, poo-in-pants retards
lambos are the basic bitch of the exotic car world.
have some fucking taste faggots
Yeah if it was free.
Why the fuck would I waste so much money on something so useless?
You sound like you're too young to post here.
Agreed.
Charlie Munger is the manl.
Why the fuck would I waste so much money on something so useless?
It's not a problem if you're rich beyond imagination.
We all want to achieve that.
To act like it's unattainable is already setting the bar low.
Obviously nearly all posters on /biz/ don't have one, but in a few years I'd safely say a few will have lucked out on enough moon missions to afford one easily.
They're just ugly.
The fact that 10 other posters also think they're ugly doesn't make them nicer looking.
Tesla daily driver and Lamborghini Countach for fun is my dream.
Anything less than the best is a felony
uglyLiterally God tier (literally)
Lol poopooheads
Cars are overrated.
more like FIAT PUTO
The new tesla is fucking SICKsomething like 680 miles on a single charge, 0-60 in 1.9s
*620 miles, my bad.Also a top speed of 250 mph (~400 kmh)
looks soulless
Fuck off Tai I'm investing it in RCN not a depreciating asset
With the specs it has, it can be soulless as as an asian for all I careI think it looks pretty rad though, gives me Lotus vibes
 I prefer something else to drive on my farm
Fuck Lamborghini.
Ferrari testarossa
Vuolet shiny lambo with green decals here and thereAlso dark brownish purple leather seats.But honestly, I wanna a 58' red corvette first
lambos are cool but I'd never own one because its what niggers and sandniggers buy
lambos are for faggotsill be in my bulletproof limo being driven around by my associates
lambo in 2012 + 5Real /o/tists know alfa romeo is a best
If I ever make it, then I am not going nouveu-riche with displays of wealth so normies can awe at me.That is literally sandnigger tier after their got rich from bagholding sand and the white man required oil from said land.
This.
Everyone not agreeing is1) Too poor.2) Autistic to not realize how the Lambo is the Chad of cars.Once BTC hits $100,000 during the next 5 years I will sell 1 BTC and buy an used Gallardo.
It's enough to get all the bitches and looks cool.
I'd buy a new 911
SAME!
You can get them for $80-90 range now.
Sluts won't know the difference
You not worried about the Bitfinex shit though?
I can't tell if it's FUD or not but legitimately considering selling my 1.01 BTC after the Bing Bang Theory episode kek
FUD.
Some whales want to lower the price a bit and make a good entry price to pump a few mil
Lambo is the Chad of carsthats why only fat balding middle aged men drive them, and women associate them with small penis?>used gallardoso how small is your dick roflmao
muh nigga

I just want to be able to afford a home.
yeah customize slipknot to hang yourself
a neo color lambo duh
If your source for bitcoin is bing bang theory you are not gonna make it.These are only a problem if your dick is actually small.
Keep coping tho.
Lambo is objectively shit, I will not spend my earnings on frivelous shit that makes me look like a desperate swagtard
Should be the new Pope car
PinkI'm going to spend 1 million in transitioning.
purp
>not having your chauffeur drive you around in a luxury MercedesISHYGDDT
It's my dream to be a cute girl with a pink lambo or a pink Yamaha R1M
Gonna skip the lambos and go straight to BUGATTIS
Lambo is the Chad of cars.>Thinking you'll become a chad just because you have a nice cart.
Elliot Rogers
y'all are pretentious materialistic fucks.>>Drive a sleeper car>>Live in a sleeper house below your means>>Build a small/large business that genuinely improves the quality the human life, and allows others to prosper and thrive
Not even kidding that was my uncles lambo lol.
You're going to lose your head doing that.
Most likely I agree, but he had a shitty BMW, not a Lambo.He would've drown in pussy with a Lambo but it was too autistic anyway.
I'm just gonna hodl for the tesla roadster
same
Tesla Roadster.
Way cooler car.
How much money would you need to feel comfortable buying a $200.000 car?
2 mil?
I'll buy a red lambo and a Lincoln for day to day driving
 million minimum I couldn't comfortably throw away 1/8th of my money that could be put towards living easy for the rest of my life
Would you consider taking a loan so you could invest the money instead?
GJ anon.I have a mortgage to pay off before I give anything meaningful to charity again, but I threw a decent chunk towards vegan outreach a few years back after a windfall.Lambos are faggy anyway.
Fuck no.
My goal in life would be to avoid having any loans