Holding this for a month will reap far more gains than day trading shit coins.
Feelin comfy knowing I don't have to do anything to make it.
Bought at ath, will I make it?
jesus wtf this thing keeps dumping
Sure.
ATH was $13kk cap.
Still a lot of room to grow.And you can always buy some more.
This is what I did today.
The average price per token for me is 0.003 ETH now.
I'm buying more and more.
I bought that dump to 50 cents on Cryptopia last night.
DRP-marines, unite!
Yeah wish I had the funds to buy this dip.
Won't be long at all before it leaves $1 behind forever (and $2)
give me the rundown on this coin
Any chance it'll ever reach 10?
Extremely likely.
They already got projects lined up at the door for December 1st.
Once the derivatives market is open tho... holy shit one stop train to profit town.
Buy coin, vote for projects with potential returns, share in their profits, get dividends from a derivatives market.
Free money all day erry day
by this time next year this'll be a $15+
derivatives trading platform doing billions of volume, likely trillions within a few years.
Me holding the dividend paying token feeling comfy as fuck
DRP currently has a $6m market cap with 8m tokens in circulation.
It will go at least x3 in value before end of year.DCORP is the first fucking decentralized venture capitalism firm.This means DRP token holders can vote to fund projects they like (by converting to DRPS), and receive dividends on all projects funded (converting to DRPS).
The VC platform, along with a new site is set to be launched December 1st.
Their team already confirmed they have plenty of projects in store to be submitted December 1st.DCORP is also making a decentralized derivatives exchange (with leveraging), to be released June 2018.Buy now or fomo forever you fucking faggots.
ALSO HITBTC LISTING IS DEC 1
Whales have been dumping this shit though
dude...do you wanna play with whales or be ahead of the curve?
whales will be accumulating a week before release, and poor fags like you will miss out on insane gains.
Are whales shilling on us poorfags?
smells a bit desperate
What exchange?
If its not on Bittrex or Poloniex, it can go fuck itself.
im not a whale hahaha... im only shilling because i believe in the project and want 4chan to get in early.
You stupid faggot how often do you make x3 to x5 gains on bittrex/poloniex?
Small market cap opportunities are always on new coins.
Fuck me how dumb can you be?
.5/10
Thanks, I'll fuk it in the ass if it goes below 1 cent
 cents fucj me