Segwit2x gets cancelled, woot bitcoin isn't doomed!
price pumps to 7.8k and instantly gets a 10% haircut,Price does not recover, a correction appears to be in play,Everyone blames segwit2x cancellation and it suddenly becomes a bad thing: "Bitcoin can't scale,"BCH pumps, people start saying that it's an orchestrated pump despite the TA warning of a BCH pump many weeks in advanced, and that the flippening is happening,Bitcoin is doomed apparently.Meanwhile I am preparing for my next big margin long on BTC around 5k or so (it might not even reach that.)
Everyone completely forgot all of the massively bullish news, the fact we were overdue for a correction, and instead made out that Bitcoin is dead, Bcash is the new Bitcoin and will replace it.
I hope those people hold onto their bitcoin cash even when it gets a 50% haircut so that they can learn the ugly lesson that the market doesn't work like that, and Bitcoin is simply bitcoin.
People don't seem to realise how difficult it would be to convert all existing adopted infrastructure from Bitcoin to Bcash.
It's just not gonna happen.The news was extremely good.
It shows that the people behind s2x actually want to come to a real consensus everyone can agree on, which is ultimately good for bitcoin.
In every way possible.
The fact that it became bearish news is just...retarded.The market really is full of idiots.
Keeo coping faggot.
You thought pumping the price using free fork coins FOMO has no consequence?
Its all fun and games until one of the fork tries to kill you.
Kek see you at 4 to 5k
I never really understood the fork so the fork will create new coins like BCH called B2X?
What is the point of having another coin?
It's not supported by most wallets and is a hassle to find and open new wallets to contain all those new coins.
> Complains about high cost of converting infrastructure from BTC to BCH> Competing software uses exactly the same interface
>someone declares bitcoin is dead>whalepool and other interested parties take it as a challenge>margin shorts build up on exchanges (why the fuck do you idiots keep doing this?
do you enjoy setting your money on fire?
)>fix the price higher by shoving up the books on various major exchanges with a couple million at 20x margin, peanuts!>the buys that come through aren't genuine demand but shorts covering.
INDEFINITELY, plus a trickle of demand from hardcore gamblers and naive simpletons chasing the dragon up to the very top.low liquidity asset cults need to stopbitcoin's price manipulation tactics simply wouldn't work if it was lumens or something that actually works as a transactional medium
I hope bitcoin dies a slow painful death.