
nah, do Yugiohlots of new cards released every other day and often times youll see old obscure ones that have new use triple in rpice
is that real?
i remember when it was $50.it's not worth doing unless you really are in to the hobby already.
and there's no guarantee of return.I sold 4x of Jace 5 years ago for $40.
They went up to $80 and now they're only $50
Am not sure about Yugioh, getting wealthy adults to buy Pokemon seems enough of a stretch in terms of buying geeky potentially embarassing kids stuff, I think there is too much stigma against Yugioh.
This is not to say Yugioh is a bad investment, I just think Pokemon has a lot more potential for adult normies with disposable income.Yeah lad, check out eBay.
It is a PSA 10 first edition copy though.
I saw a Beckett 10 get like $40k.I bought two of the sealed booster boxes myself.
I think the booster boxes are the best investment.
I pay several thousand dollars for them.
Ho Lee fuk I used to have one of those in 4th.
I let my pajeet friend tooshar borrow it for a couple days.
He fucking got it scratched up and shit.
Can’t believe how much it was worth afterwards and now holy fuck.Fucking pajeets.
He wore sandals all the time too.
Fucking pajeets.
He wore sandals all the time too.kek
mfw pajeet>mfw it's snowing right now>mfw walking around in flip flops
I think theres more a stigma for adults playing pokemon but thats just my opinion.. Yugioh is now bigger than ever worldwide
Dude, adults don't play Pokemon.
We buy the cards online and secretly stash them away like embrassing precious gems.
To the tune of thousands od dollars.
typos ffs*
Really?
With that whole pokemon go thing, pokemon seems a lot more normie than yugioh.
If you tell someone you play yugioh they'll look at you like you're retarded.
They won't even know what it is.
is that real?
i remember when it was $50.1st Edition is the very first print run, not just any Charizard from the first set.
PSA 10 kek, how much is PSA 9 or 8 i got those bought last year from a idiot.also bought fossil blitsers box and Demo pack.What can i get for this shit now?
Really?
With that whole pokemon go thing, pokemon seems a lot more normie than yugioh.
If you tell someone you play yugioh they'll look at you like you're retarded.
They won't even know what it is.This.
I don't have a problem with Yugioh players myself, but the general percept of Yugioh is that the geeky autistic kids in the library played it whilst Pokemon was ultra normie tier.Also it's gotta be at least almost flawless.
Harder to find than you might think, even a lot of pack fresh cards won't get a 10.
also bought fossil blitsers box1st edition or unlimited?
1st edition like $1500 and unlimited like $800.how much is PSA 9Psa 9 English base Charizard 1st edition like $3000-5000 or something i think
I have this card in Japanese and I have no memory of how I got it.
PSA10 promo?
:D Its a cool card
Seems dumb as, buy mtg reserved list cards if you want to invest in a card game
It's not rated, I think I might of drew it from a pack, not sure though.
Pic related.
It's it
mtg reserved list cardshttp://metro.co.uk/2017/10/23/youtuber-spends-40000-on-pokemon-cards-and-insists-its-smarter-than-buying-a-house-7020660/
At least it is sleeved up.
>tfw I traded that Charizard for a Nidoking
tfw i just found my old binder with the complete unlimited set ,all sealed in plastic, definitely gradeable.
But the fucking charizard isn't shadowless
when Pokemon go came out I got nostalgic and spent 3000 dollars on that stupid fucking cardboardimagine if I bought Bitcoin instead
Good job.
Will definitely be worth a bit, hopefully some good psa's.
be me as a kid>had tons of pokemon and yugioh cards>traded them with kids to build a stash, never bought more than 1 pack>got rid of them at some point because it was no longer "cool"(™)>you mean to tell me they're actually worth money?At least I learned to barter.
Haha f yeah what cards did you buy?
I decided to buy some sealed booster boxes instead of cards myself.
Sealed booster boxes gonna be rare as fuck in a few decades.
how do I know how old my cards are?
from the printed number on the card?
I've got a full bindered set of base 1 in mint.
I really should get them rated, pretty sure the big three are all 10's.
huhehuheWas good early trading experience though you are right.
st base set should say /102 in the bottom right corner.
First edition stamp is first, the one without the shadow to the right side of the image (shadowless) is 2nd and the one with no stamp and shadow is 3rd, with a 4th run after that.Nice.
Nice.I had them listed on eBay for about a week last year, but the price started to drop off when people realized that GO sucked, so I'm waiting to sell until the devs their heads out of their asses and make it a real game.
I still have some duel masters cards lying around, lol.
used to have prajeet friend when at uni>did business>was december in uk>freezing>he puts jumper, coat and hat on to go out at 11pm>walks out in sandals
Buy MTG as an investment.
no pokemon desu.
pokemon has moon potential
went to HS with a pajeet>he always wore flip flopsThis can't be coincidence
I knew a kid who had a 1st edition charizard and he was showing it off to his friends at school.
However there was a recent ban on pokemon cards at that school.
The bus driver confiscated it and ripped it up in front of everyone to teach the kids an example.
I wonder how mad he is knowing that card could have paid for a college tuition today.
The bus driver confiscated it and ripped it up in front of everyone to teach the kids an example.Paha holy fuck.
VERY GOOD INVESTMENT!!
I bought a fucking fossil booster box and it cost me fucking £1299 I don't even fucking know why I did it!!
The ones that sell have to be unopened or in perfect condition.
A lot of people think their pokemon cards are worth a ton but they only look at the best quality ones being sold.
Good job lad.
I got a couple of the unlimited base booster boxes.
I want to get the 1st edition fossil, trainer and team rocket etc also.Just do not give into temptation and open it, these boxes gonna be rare as fuck.
I had a binded folder with some cards from when I was younger, brought it with me when I moved in.
I’m going to have a clear out to look for it but just wanted to ask is every holo charizard worth a lot?
I had one, not sure which version but I know what it looked like.
Not the numbers though.
Every Charizard is worth at least something, I have seen completely beat up ones go for around $15 still, with good condition the price escalates fast.
Things to look out for to judge other aspects: 1st edition, Shadowless, unlimited, final print run.
I started collecting the crystal type cards but stopped after 4 because they are so god damn expensivethere is only 5 more but it would cost thousands to complete
unironically the first thing I do when I'm a millionaire is buy all the cards I always wanted kek
 drink whisky> drink more whisky> blackout> 2 weeks later you find a magicarp card in your bank cell> wtf?!
Jesus Christ I did the same.
Tried to recreate my childhood binder.
Spent about 300 altogether before getting bored.
This is why you will never be a millionaire
Am I the only non-autist here?I watched pokemon sometimes and played Sapphire, but I never collected the cards and went full sperg over it.
Smells like reddit in here
Alright my niggas, ready to see me hit the gold mine?
Back in my day we used our spare capital to build civilizations
I bought weeaboo figures to resell later as an investmentWouldn't recommend.Selling the things is annoying.
If you’re not buying alpha 10 mtg cards, you’re a retard.
magic the gathering = $$ pokemon = nerd
Yeah, people always forget how annoying it is to deal with physical things.Much better to keep to crypto, stocks and forex.
Just found out that I have a first edition, shadowless Machamp that's still in the fucking plastic.
How can I check if it's worth anything?
Nidoking is cooler, i always thought Charizard was a faggot.
They're pulling prices out of there assholes
anyone want to trade rare holo pokemon cards for btc?
Investing in tcgs is as safe as investing in crypto currencies.
can just create more coins>could take away reserve lists True tbqh
http://pokemonprices.com/https://www.trollandtoad.com/p1099669.html is this it?
if its still in plastic it will be worth way more cuz collectors itemalso search ebay (tick sold listings on the left hand side to show the only ones that have been sold)you can also post in pokemon card selling/trading facebook pages asking for price checks