Eboost just announced they are locking up 30 million coins tonight.
+Lockup+Segwit2 cancelled+ATL=$$$$$$$
Already hit +20% in the last hour, get in while you can lads
Thats good news
Count me in
You still shilling this scamcoin?There you gohttps://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=1690040.0
There is no real growing, that 20% is alredy being sold and probably produced by the owners of the coin.Let me redpill everybody on EBST:EBST is a good project, the devs are maybe a bit "showy" but is still solid, they are fixing a real problem with a trading community of thousands of people, also they are working on the website and in a medium time term.The project is solid.However their finances not.
And the smart money won't invest shit in here, I am in a "tuna group" and we have been monitoring EBST from A LOT ago, and there are a few things that you need to know:1 - Since the giant wallet unlocking cause the price pump (Thanks to the ASDF captain P&D) the price didn't stop going down, ATTILAFX had a word with this and gives the reason to "someone" selling over everybody.
10 million coins alredy disappeared from that coin (10% of the market).2 - There is the second wallet (with 40 million coins) that they are gonna lock up in a 75%, locking 30 million coins.This wallet terrifies investors, traders and my whole group.
Cause they did sell alredy (Or are selling) those 10 million coins that disappeared and they could do the same with the rest.Now, they are locking 30 million coins.That let ANOTHER FREE 10 MILLION COINS (10% of the market) in the hands of those guys WHO ALREDY WERE SELLING ANOTHER 10 MILLION COINS.Those, supposing EBST get to price itself with 0,5$ (4 times more the actual value) would mean that 5.000.000 $ can still be sold in any moment by the founders (THE DEVS ARE ACTUALLY HARD WORKING PEOPLE, THE FOUNDERS ARE THE ONE GREEDY AS HELL AVOIDING THE NECESSARY BURN).This coin, even with 75% locked, wont work, 5 million dollar wallet being able to cash out whenever it wants?
TRASH.
3 - Redpilling everybody: Trade ebst and buy now and sell in a few days and never look back or just dont come in (the safest thing to do desu) TILL YOU HEAR ABOUT THEY BURNING THAT WALLET.-> eBoost will NEVER EVER have a decent price if it doesn't burn
Meh, fuck it you right, 2-5 million dollars sold in such a low capitalization coin would be fucken bad for anyone invested in.
Its retarded to run such a risk.
The free 10M coins from te 40M wallet are being used as project funding, as in partnership fees etc.
Your doom scenario is just what it is a doom scenario.
This will not happen.
In first place, there is not just 10MThey are 20: 10M that alredy disappeared plus 10M that are the next and are not locked up.Thats a 20% of the market.A20%It's not a doom scenario.
It's the actual scenario, I'm not saying they are gonna sell it all over the investors, BUT THEY COULD DO IT, the possibility exists, and therefore, no investors will come.Nobody will play such a risk.
20% of the market disappearing in front of my eyes.No.
Mil Coin Lock-Up, Website Release before Weekend, with WhitePaper & Road-Map.Bonus: Rumored Listing on GateCoin Exchange
Not even a rumor.
Dev confirmed it, said he needed to fill in the paperwork and then it would be done.
GateCoinle shitFfs the market can act as a nobrainer but its not retarded .Nobody will come in without a burn.
TRIG is the perfect example.
----------We made this decision to prevent possible demerits to the ALIS media economics which could be caused by the team holding too much tokens.
Due to the burn of team held tokens, the value of token held by our investors will relatively worth more comparing to when not burned.
*This does not commit short team price raise of tokens.----https://medium.com/@alismedia/important-announcement-about-token-burn-and-lock-up-7d6761457a7bTHIS IS TAKING CARE OF YOUR PROJECT AND YOUR INVESTORS AND NOT THIS SHIT.$Trig $AlisBut not eBoost.
Fuck this piece of shit.
fuck why not burn?
20-40x
kike your sefl eboost faggotsGAME will dominate over you
best you can get is to half your BTC
That already happened last month.
Went in with 0.44 bitcoin, left with 0.28
4255020So why are you posting 20-40x?it´ll never happen with this dev team also there is no use for another "gaming" coin.If there where a demand in the comunity they would use an existing and proven coin like BTC, LTC, XMR etc.
and not a coin only held by the dev team and a few "investors".
Dont get excited neither.This coin isn't shit, but NEEDS the burn or will be shit.
Because that's their meme haha.
Everyone was claiming it would 20-40x because of their 'billion dollar consortium "
meme haha.
Everyone was claimigood luck to break even.
It's already price in, buying now is stupid af.
Resumes downtrend tomorrow
This needs a burn.