Sup /biz/ches - I'm trying to start a board game up and have been learning crypto to build capital.
Its doing well but being safe is a slow process.
I only have so much that I can risk without taking a big hit to my games production timeline.
I've had a few models made up now and prototyped but they are costing a little over 2k each with concept work and sculpting.. rules are pretty much done and people like it so I guess Im not a total fuckwad, at least with game design.
Has anyone here started up a game before?
Or does anyone here have suggestions for building cash to get the prototype up?
Eventually Ill go to Kickstarter but I want the best possible chance once I get there, not to be standing around with empty promises.
Any suggestions or advice?
Kickstarter is still your best bet if loans, angel investments are out the window.
KS is all about marketing though so you'd still want to save up around 5-10k in capital to hire a marketing team to do all of your campaign for you.
In the meantime get your supply chain together and be ready to manufacture right as your campaign ends.
Yeah thats where Im at I guess.
I dont want to sell stake in the company because I want to do this on my own and be free from working for others.
I guess I know that its a long road of hard work... just late and tired and wishing there was a faster path that someone was able to impart.
I spend every hour not at work on this shit to get it done and to make it fucking great.
Its just tough.
Connect your board game to the block chain have its own coin and make an ico
I wonder if that would actually work.. at first I thought thats some bullshit.
Another worthless coin.. but what if you made a boardgame coin and the coin could be traded for any 1 game in stock for the biz venture, or people could sell their games for that coin..
I wouldd actually think of backing that.
Like a super swap meet / ebay system for gamers who want to buy and sell new and old games and minis.. though I imagine it would cost me just as much to build that ICO and hire the right people as it would to get the rest of my miniatures done.
=/