Buy in now or stay poor.
You have been warned!
I'm in this coin and believe in it but this has gotta be the worst shill in the history of shills
My exact thoughts
ok?
kfc partnership we with the niggers now?
Not gonna be able to buy a lambo with gains from this coin.
Maybe a skateboard and some stickers though.
4298515I'm also in this coin and the only shitcoin that has performed worse is that faggot LTC.
So fucking sad I rebought into this coin after b2x was cancelled.
>stay poorI am holding REQYou can keep your hype coin heavy bags ty
This.
REQ will be 50$ a pop in the future
4298571Shill me on REQ or fuck off.
this is not a shill.
i just want everyone in /biz/ to make money
Well you have the right attitude (no one should have to lose for others to gain) but OMG seriously sucks dick.
And this comes from someone holding OMG for nearly half a year now.
4298495so why is it going to pump?
Oh don't leave yet op ;)
i can feel it in my bones.
Reminder that YCombinator's extreme aggression will never be as cool to brainlets as a skateboard with some stickers on it.They don't even have the mental fortitude to bother finding out what YCombinator is in the first place.
They know skateboards though.
And stickers.
Stickers of great implied partnerships.
Remember when Omisego was sucked off by McDonald's and now every single OmiseGO coin = 1% share of McDonald's?Remember when Apple agreed to bundle OmiseGo with every apple product and communicated this through a sticker on the bottom of a skateboard?This is how the average crypto investor "thinks".
This is why OmiseGo has more than half a bill marketcap.Omisego actually has some super valuable partnerships that make them worth quite a bit, but they're barely shilling them and no one even pays attention to them it's hilarious.
Floating on skateboard memes instead.
Oh god, FUCK OFF.
I hate OMG for losing me money but this rant is pure faggotry.
Did you say skateboard?
This aestethic what's it called?
Well...
If there's ever gonna be crypto payments system like PayPal now on Fiat, It will be REQ.
And there will be.MC of payPal is something like 90b so do the maths.+REQ has an outstanding crew and already ahead of schedule.
You'll be thanking REQ shills when this goes 50x in the future
>tfw only 1000 OMGIm holding for at least 2 years
aggressive>agressive>agressivefuck i hate your meme
emotional investor spotted
In
Dat Berserk reference LOL