Its kind of like REQ but will actually deliver something.
Working product Dec-Jan. Everyone is beginning to stock up now, get in before its too late.
/biz/ doesn't talk about it which is how you know this isn't a shitcoin
I know.
Holding here until v1 is out, will dump depending on how well it goes and on news regarding SubstratumPay.
Comfiest hold.
It's absolutely nothing like REQ.
OP is a faggot, he did a poor job explaining SUB.Substratum will have quite a few components.
The main one is decentralized web-hosting, which means instead of mining for the coin, you're letting people use your computer as a website host by using a one-click app that you can download to your phone/desktop/notebook.>Why is this big?
It means it will be impossible for your site to be taken down by anyone (bye bye DMCAs).
It means it will be impossible for your site to be censored by China, Iran or any other shithole.
It means that if you build an app using the Substratum network it won't be able to be banned by countries like Brazil did with WhatsApp a few times.
It also means net neutrality will NOT be a problem for sites hosted on the SUB Network.>How does this bring value to the SUB coin?People who lend their computers as webhosts will be paid in SUB and people who want to have their content hosted on the network must pay in SUB.
The Substratum website will also have an option to buy SUB for you from exchanges automatically (so normies don't have to go to exchanges), which will drive volume for the token up because normies will be buying SUB without even knowing what crypto is.>That's all?No, there's also a second component called CryptoPay, which will allow ANY site that runs on the Substratum Network to process cryptocurrency transactions using any publicly-traded coin.>Why is this huge?Basically PayPal for crypto where you can use any cryptocurrency.
Also easy to implement for people who want to use it.>That's all?No, they're also planning a video component, something akin to YouTube but not much details on that yet.>Wew.
That seems pretty ambitious.
Can they handle it?Yes.
Team is very experienced, with vets that have worked with Apple, American Express, Kodak, Disney, hp, Cardinal Health, NBA and more.>Why hasn't it mooned yet?Beta starts in December.
v1 is out in January.
OP is retarded, substratum is creating a decentralised internet server for hosting websites and REQ is a decentralised payment system.
Both good buds, however 0/10 putrid stinky poo poo tier shill
Sad week shill to legit coin.OP YOU ARE A FAG.
I've thought about getting this :thinking:
why is this a shit week?
4504437I meant its like REQ in that its dirt cheap but will actually deliver a product
I really like the idea behind it, definitely not a shitcoin.
its too soon to get into ALTS unless you can weather the storm when Bitcoin and Bitcoin Cash go to war over the next couple of weeks.
Req will also deliver a product lol.
sorry i dont invest in shitcoinssmugface.jpeg
it was 1600 sats yesterday, its now over 1900. m-muh bitcoin
>mfw got in @ 4 cents average>mfw come january ill be a millionaire>mfw ill say goodbye to wagecucking