REQ at $1 when?
shut upim not done accumulating
The classic "accumuluation" meme.
It's overvalued af and will never reach 1$ Is that early enough?
OMG can reach an ATH of $13>REQ can't get 1/13 of thatok m8
Look at that pajeet.
Thinks only Fiat price matters.
Every took a look at the supply?
REQ: 630M supply x 1dollar =630M mcapAnd now take a look a OMG.Just gtfo pajeet
what is marketcap
still unironically posting muh shut up im still accumulating maymay
I looked.$800m vs $30m.I think you just proved anons point for him.
Do you have to discuss OMG every day to this board?Omnise is a multi Million Dollar companyOmnsigego has several multi M / B partnershipsREQ has Moneytis with what?
600k revenue?
And Zero partnerships for REQ right now.
Even 30M is overvalued
the 13$ ath for OMG is roughly equivalent to 2$ for REQ with coin supply adjustedREQ is easily a 1 billion dollar + market cap within a year
i hold 15k of this.
my bags are so heavy but i think it will be worth something one day and its cheap just now to buy more
Ok, i am out.
The whole crypto world is so deluded.
Writing a WP equals 1B value for a company.
rofl this guy so stupid i wonder if his mother considered killing him at birth
m8 you do know they're releasing something on the TestNet in December right?
EOY probably.
Don't worry, you have at least 1 year to accumulate before this does anything.
ssssshhhhhhhhhh im still accumulating
Omnise is a multi Million Dollar companyIt's a Skateboard that NEETs and pedophiles who trade crypto valued at 800 million...
Defends 800 million skateboard>Calls other delusion.Begone OMG bagholder.
June 2018
Soon anon.
Meanwhile join the Request Network share holders club.https://discord.gg/c6F4mJ
4465726OMG has nothing else than skateboards and Selfies - the absolute state of /biz/ Retarded pajeet
>muh 1bn$ mcapThinking too small, start thinking in ETH to BTC levels in 2020.
req is my 20x hold.
if req will have the marketcap for eth im in lambolandit would multiply the price of req by a factor of 1000C O M F Y
I sold my bags 2% above ico enjoy getting reqt
WAYYYYY more since req is deflationary and the coin burning will raise price by coin burning
4466821enjoy yous no gains.
pajeet.
At least he did profit, not like 90% of REQ holders right now.
Are you srly all talking about mcap of ETH?
D-e-l-u-d-e-d
mcap of ETHHigher.