Was fucking around on bitmex and all of a sudden it says I got liquidated and all of my balance just disappeared WTF?Guys I'm freaking out idk what this means.
When I google liquidated it just gives me a complex definition.Also what stops you from selling JUST before the liquidation price?
Better to lose 20% than all of your money?Broken ass site I want a fucking refund.
HELP ME GUYS WTF JUST HAPPENED?
trading on bitmexLiquidation just means selling all your shit for money.
They cleaned out your account, moneys gone.
There's no refunds at a casino
how much you lose?
sucked in for not researching before fucking around with margins hahah
$100 which is all my fucking money
don't invest yer rent moneybaka
if losing 100 dollars bothers you this much you have bigger issues in your life.
you got liquidated because bitcoin dumped and you were margin long you fucking idiotif you lost it ALL then stopping it "just" before liquidation is fucking meaningless, what the fuck makes you think youll still have 80% you dumb nigger?
right before liquidation would still be like a -99% loss instead of 100%dumbass why are you even margin trading if you dont understand this
I don't have a job how tf am I supposed to get $100?
Bro I swear it said ROE -29% then all of a sudden just said liquidated
because it flash dumped.
sigh
Newfag don't even know what liquidation in finance means.Please stop trading and go back to your office desk and suck your boss' dick
I'm guessing you went short or were leveraged.
Your trades went the wrong way and instead of being on the hook for your shit trades you got margin called out.
Zero regulation NO REGULATIONNO REGULATION AT ALL
ITT: REASONS NOT TO MARGIN TRADE.
this, you have to have enough set aside in margin so that flash dumps don't cause instant liquidation
Get a fucking job you lazy prick!
Fuck!
Being broke is not the Disease it's only a symptom of the real Disease.
You must have been a burn voter wanting free shit.
I just read this thread and I don't understand anything.
OP had his money and then it disappeared, his balance is literally 0.
And you fucks are saying that's normal?Even if bitcoin dropped 99% you should still have 1$ left after a 100$ investment, how is it normal for your money to disappear completely?Bitmex sounds like a scam to me and I'll be sure to avoid it from now.
Did you do 100x?
Lol a couple dollar movement will rekt you
He was trading with money he doesn't have.
He was borrowing money.He had $100 but leverage it to 100x so he was trading $10,000.
He borrow 9900 from people.
When trade went opposite direction, those people he borrow money from wants money back before he lose it allMargin trading 101 friend.
Don't get in margin unless you have a big bank
That sounds retarded.
Who would do this "leverage" thing?
A ton of risk and zero benefits.Just go to an exchange and trade there as an individual with what you put in, I'm assuming bitmex is not an exchange but a trap.
The benefit is if the trade goes his way he makes way more.Like this.If he was trading $100 at 100% he would have total $200.Now if he was trading 100 but leverage to 100x so he's now trading 10000 and trade went same path 100%.
He exit market and now he owns $20,000.See the difference?The risk is high and the reward is also high.
so it's literally a casino but more sophisticated
no, casinos dont lend you cash.
more like getting a loan and putting it all into crypto
Absolutely hilarious that these crypto nerds have no idea what they’re doing.
Quick everyone post their house calls so I can laugh more.
ok so what's stopping me from leveraging 100$ to 10000$ and putting it on some safe betthe next day it either pumps 5% and I get 500$ out of my 100$ or I lose my 100$ which isn't a big deal cause I have 4 more chances to guess a 5% increase and make up my losses or get gains.where's the hook?
the odds are close to 50% or higher depending on your expertise, you will guess a positive investment eventually and you risk almost nothing for 500% ROIsounds like a scam to me
lost $100 of muh tethers>BTC shat down from 8200 to 7800...If only you knew how bad it really is
because a couple dollar move opposite of your trade will liquidate you then the trade recover.
So now you lost money.
Sure you can do it again, but it can happen again.
Goes opposite direction, you lose money then the coin recover to normal trajectory.
Also not a lot of people will exit when the trade is going their way, they will probably feel they should put more in since they guess the trade correctly.
So now you put in more money but then the trade went opposite direction and now you lose your initial money and the money you later on add in.Takes a lot of self control if you are new.
Easier said than done because what if it never come back down for you to buy back in and it will continuously go up.
who the fuck let any of you use money?This is what happens when people spend their whole "trading" career in a bull market.
Don't you have to have a Mexican IP address to trade there?
Do you guys just use a proxy or what?
is that "Cross" option?how do you set aside for margin?