This is at an ATL.
Pick it up soon or forever be poor.
This is the future of the internet.
Imagine if Jobs decided to call his company iApplex
imagine?
lmao this will never moon, unless some whale group decides to
Nice FUD retardYou obviously know nothing about iexec
Shitty brand man, it's more important than you think
It's actually a great brand because it has relevance to exe's as well as the (i) standing for "you".
It's also something familiar to most people so shut your dumb mouth bitch
Agreed Amazing tech in the hands of The French who somehow couldn’t market water
Familiar to most people?
wtffff?
wtf does Exec mean?
What is that buttplug with 6 balls about?
lolShit brand
Execute.
Most people that work with computers knows what exec means.
Fuck off.
Do not buy this coin, I do not want any of you dumbcuck pajeet shitcoin chasing motherfuckers owning a real coin.
You dipshits do not deserve to be rich bye bye.
Yep, love this project, but what can you do?
BTC is fucking up everybody.
hope it doesn't moon in next week, i need to buy more
and also iExec sounds professional because exec evokes images of executive as well
>Sell at 8200 today>don't see the BTC rally>be all proud when I accumulate at 7800>realize I just caught a falling knifeIt would have been safe to put my buy 10% lower but I just had no way of knowing.
At least I dodged SOME losses.
Hold me /biz/.
At least I can sleep knowing I accumulated a real coin.
RLC is my tocket from wagecuckery
Imagine how much price will rise when all the new projects start using rlc offchain computations.
200 usd per coin inevitable
sonm and golem already exist.they don't go very high either.
Golem had a market cap of almost 500mil.
And golem has nothing, rlc is already ahead in tech and they have only 50mil marketcap
Friendly advice: don't buy before december
Or more likely dont buy before may.
Worthless until they release working V2
Bought last week.
Getting justed rn.
Down 20%.
Pls tell me my 2000 RLC is my one way ticket to making it
big if not impossible
about 37,2k q3 2018
They r ahead of schedule and basicly app market that they will be releasing in december is a part of v2.
Not to mention all the coming partnerships.
You have max 20 days to board this ship.
1st stop moon
their team refuse and has no effort in marketing, this coin will not go anywhere until May 2018 when they release V2
Stay deluded