Up up and awwayyy
dont forget to sell at the top this timecashfags
Holding for the chaos that emerges with the coinbase habbening
mfw, I flipped just 2 hours ago.
I saw that BCH was about to make a break out and my BTC finally went through with very little time to spare.gettin' compfy
Long term bro!
That's the idea!
Think it'll break $1300I already sold anticipating a fall but idk.
I made my money, $140 in a day...
it's pumped by koreans
i do not care about such all i said was dont forget to sell at the top
not sure if i should hop on or naa
Yeah you made the right choice, its about to correct down again before going back up, who knows to what.
we're going to hit 5k this time lads!I'm holding, I'm confident this is gonna get pumped long term.
I flipped because the length of BTC transactions make it a dangerous holdI'm predicting 1500 by the end of today, 2000 by the end of the week.
If we're lucky it'll be 3k+ by the end of December.
the FOMO is strong with this one
check jihan wu's twitter
WE ARE NOT STOPPING!
OH FUCK
unbelievable...i bought a couple of hours ago because the chart looked like it was primed for a breakout, seems like i was right.
Prepare you wojacks

Of course this was going to happen.
In at 970.
Targets are easy 3k
Could have made another $50 if I waited.I thought it might not make it past 1300 psychologically
What's the next dip?
Woah this is scary
should i go in with my bad luck
It's probably going to dip again around 1360.
Don't know how how low but I'm confident it will rebound to atleast 1500 by the end of the day.I'd buy in at the first green candle after the 1360 dip
I thought about buying a couple hours ago thinking same, but thought "nah it'll dip first before rocket" so held off fml.
ARE YA READY FOR A MIRACLEREADY AS I CAN BE
how did you not see it was primed for a break out.
That is text book breakout pattern
Now quickly unload your bags before it goes back to 400 usd
Nice I called the top at 1340
Pretty spot on
BCH Shorters BTFO
how did you predict that it will dip?
Nice one anon
that was roughly the previous high over the last week.
30 minute candles on 1 week chart
Looking forward to a group of anons who believe in "the flippening" to get dumped on by the Koreans.... again.
Ok, so that was not the real flippening and just a random pnd?
I LOST $70  I BOUGHT WHEN YOU SAID IT WAS GOONNNA DIP IM SO DUMB
nice im in :PP
There will be no flippening from a thousand dev btc to a 3/5ths dev bch
WHATS FLOOOOOOOOR
It's holding strong at about 1300, we're getting primed for another run, if we make it past 1360 then the next dip is at 1450
And 300 spartans simply weren't enough right?
holder here too.
It doesn't actually matter whether it dumps now.Guaranteed pump when BTC difficulty adjusts in 2 days
why the hell do these guys have to pump in the span of 2 minutes.
can't they draw graphs like people who aren't autistic
I'm predicting 1500 by the end of today, 2000 by the end of the week.
If we're lucky it'll be 3k+ by the end of December.
They're amateurs, scamming the idiotic and the greedy.
They don't need to do things carefully.
Once coinbase announces BCH exchange support expect $3k.
And it's mostly going to be wash traded because people don't fall twice for the same scam
second pump starting T-minus 10 seconds
once coinbase gives users their BCH, there will be an influx of coins the likes you've never seen, expect a 90+% drop that day from all the dumpers
Good observation: once in every three THOUSAND YEARS good men and a great leader will win the day over astonishing odds.299 Koreans and you are not good men.
Fuck Your Mother is not a great leader.
And this ... is not your day
Don’t jinx it fag
alright guys, next pump starts at 1250-1255. should be easy going from 1250 to 1350.
Resistance wall at 1350-1360.
If we break the 1360 resistance we're going to 1450
i bought now.
ok?
Koreans are the reason why cucks like you get to by ethereum at a low discount of $300, if they didn't exist you'd be jerking yourself off to the hopes that it's reach twenty dollars ATH some day.Koreans are GOD
Unless BTC is practically worthless by that point.
Not everyone is as retarded as you.
Many bigholders such as Xapo/Bitmex have dumped their BCH with no discernible change in the price.Smart money is accumulating.
>it's over
I'd say it's a good buy.
I don't think it will dip past 1260, but if it does it's basically instant moon mission
Nice
Aaaand it's gone
what's that in Satoshi?
Not if they can't sell on coinbase.
Especially given how close we were to Parity.
Coinbase cucks can just hoddle both and weather out the storm.Do you really think the boomers are smart enough to register for an alt coin exchange and sell their bch?
What if they sell for ETH instead when it goes into hyper bull mode soon?
GO DOWN AAAAAAA
.152 BTC lowsolid buy at .1570btchigh of .1750btc in 24 hoursThose are quick estimates I made lining up the USDT and BCH/BTC carts so don't take that as law.
buy the dip or stay poor
I think 1270 WAS the dip
also have this.
the fact that miners should be switching over to BCH any time soon
-10 minutes until next run.
this will fokin jupiter omfg moon mission starts at 1260+
fuck Luna, we're going to Europa!
its just midnight at seoul kekmao... this gon pop for another 12 hours
very little volume on current 30 minute candle.
If it taps 1285 this bitch is gonna falcon 9.
You can tell by the trades everyone is seeing what it's gonna do, all we need is a small whale to buy for it to moon.
MOOON WHEN?I NEED 1400
Go for a fap, that should kill atleast like 30-40 seconds.We need this current 30 minute candle to turn green so all the idoits can FOMO and a whale jumps on the bandwagon.
Hey can you guys pump this again?
I want to sell my bags.
I don't masturbate when another man tells me to.
I'm so dumb I made $140 and then lost $120 buying high and selling low on this pump.
why didn't you just fucking hold?
this will take off again regardless once the difficult changes on BTC in a few days.
I'm inexperienced.
Yeah the next wave is 1400
You have to learn how to deal with the FOMO and FUD.
My strategy is basically to use Technical analysis to predict other peoples FUD and FOMO.
All charts are really good for is seeing where people get scared and where they get confident.
There is nothing magical about them.that's the best advice I can give you.
and it's fucking amazing advice.
bois 1700 psychological barier... then it may fuk hard to 1200 or shoot to 2k
This is def not a long term holdRide the waves, take the profits and gtfo
The fuck you mean it's not a long term hold?
It's a hold until atleast friday until the miners jump ship on BTC back to BCH.
I tried to make a BTC trade today and it no joke took me 2 hours to transfer the coins.
Core isn't sustainable long term and I'm watching this shit get accumulated.There is pretty much a guaranteed pump on Friday.
alright guys, well I'm going to sleep, don't get FUD'd out of this one, there is a pump coming.
If not today then friday.
where should I set my sell order at?
My strategy is basically to use Technical analysis to predict other peoples FUD and FOMO
if you're a bitch sell at 1340.
If you're a man you can sell at 1423 or just hold on until CORE ups the mining difficulty on Friday.
I also think we'll see a big move by Korea tomorrow because the US is going to be distracted by thanks givingwell it's more complicated than that, my point was don't think charts are made of magical pixie dust and if you snort it they tell you how to make money.
Recognize other peoples behavior in a chart because you're always trading with other people or machines programmed by people to trade with people.
I bought $2K BCH with Friday in mind.
I'm just wondering how high the flippening aka pnd might go this time.
given difgiven KRWgiven USgiven stable fokin ethgiven teth scam and fud about finexgiven btc current athBCH GONA FOKIN 2k
Mostly this.
People underestimate how many coins are currently locked up.
Once those free, it'll be a mega crash.
estimate dis boihow many could we be talkin about
I'm sure someone else will link the source, but it was somewhere in the range of 32% of 'active wallets' (wallets that have had somewhat recent BCT activity).
BCH can't absorb this level of liquidity should even half of it get unlodged.
well.. it may get dumped or it may as well stay because people somehow recognize BCH better than btc OR at least not dump all idk.. i mean its 50/50
I read that they said they had around 500,000 BCH locked.
can't be bothered to look up a source, sorry
BCC to the moon!
bro-tier coinbase>forces BCH hodling until it moons>prevent their customers from being fudded and brainwashed into dumping their BCH before parity
BCH before paritywhat other points do they tell you to repeat in these trolling seminars?I don't see people complaining about fees anymore
satoshi's visionmuh cup of coffee signatures not included in transactionseconomists prefer it to BTCthe real bitcoin
do i sell today if we hit a nice top or hold until the coinbase shittery happens?
Satoshi didn't think of segwit.
Fuck that nigger
im predicting 5000m in 2 days