ive got to do an informational interview and fast, and need someone to answer as many of these 17 questions about their occupation as a crypto currency trader or really whatever, but here it goes:1 How did you get started in this line of work?2 How did you get into this particular job?3 Why did you apply for this particular position?4 What qualifications and experience did you need?5 What skills and abilities are necessary for performing this work?6 What are the main responsibilities in this job?7 What are the things you like most about the job?8 What do you dislike about the job?9 What have you found to be the biggest challenges in your work?10 What have you found to be the most significant rewards in this work?11 What are the necessary requirements for an entry-level position in this industry?12 What are the career path options in this industry/organization?13 What opportunities have you had in this job?14 Where do you think this industry/career is going in the next couple of years?15 Which companies do you consider to be the leaders in this field?16 What advice would you give to someone looking for a similar job in this industry?17 Is there anything else I should know about this work?
.
Friend was mining crypto, I'd forgotten about crypto, but got interested after he tried to bring me in on it to solve his money problem.2.
I started looking into crypto3.
Because I want to make money4.
None5.An understanding of how to garner and exchange crypto currencies.
Perhaps how to read a stock chart and trade stocks as well.6.None, unless you count making or losing money a responsibility7.
Making money, trying to find the next moon.8.
The amount of bait to go for unpotential coins.9.
Actually riding a coin up the price charts.10.
The money you make.11.
You need a computer12.
None13.
Money making opportunities14.
Judging based on the adoption of bitcoin by some countries, that the U.S( Someone around that side) will try to shut it down or control it, or it will be adopted on a global scale as a decentralized currency screwing over the current centralized petrodollar system.16.
Either groups of people with the most moeny/ Whales, or crypto mining companies17.
Crypto is the poor man's stocks.
Due to the lack of hefty regulation so far, it's probably still quite profitable.