I am in the UK and I have always loved sifting through dirt and things since I was a kid.
I am 34 atm and I was watching a documentary on Diamond prospecting last night.
It is a long shot but does anybody have any experience with IRL 'mining' (prospecting)?
The Crypto mining and flipping while lucrative is a bit boring.
I know there is gold in Wales and Scotland but not sure what other opportunities there are around the UK.
I am in the SW.
I am not looking to make a fortune on this and I am happy to travel the world to do it (maybe not India, the Documentary was based there and they didn't even show one descent designated shitting street 1/10 would not visit).
There is just something about spending hours sifting through the dirt that rustles my jimmies.So basically I am aware I can google this stuff and have been watching some gold panning channels for a few years but I am after some first-hand experience.
Anybody on /biz/ ever done any prospecting?
any advice?
Just mine bitcoin and buy a sandbox
I am not sure that would have the same excitement involved as actually finding valuable things in the ground.
I mean I could sell my BTC and use it to buy gold and hide that in a sandbox... A big one!
But no.
I genuinally would love to make a living out of prospecting or something.
I was training as a geologist for a while but transferred to evolutionary biologist which was a bit of a mistake looking back but oh well.
I am doing Marine engineering atm so maybe I could do some underwater dredge mining or something hmm.
I kind or just want to get out there and start digging and sifting through.
Why is there no apprenticeships in this largely redundant profession?
That would be the 'largely redundant' part huh.
Could be a cool hobby though.
Check local rivers and streams
Yeah, I have a stream behind my house that is near an old silver mine.
I should probably start by sluicing and panning that or something.
I would rather learn from somebody who knew what they were doing though.
I get the general idea of how but legality wise and things are zzz to read about, and all the little intricacies would be interesting to learn from somebody.