I just realized the most obvious moon mission is Linkand here's whyRipple is adopted by big banks and is worth roughly the same in sats as Chainlink right now.
That's despite having; >Circulating Supply38,622,870,411 XRP>Total Supply99,993,173,757 XRP>Market Cap$7,857,514,002 In comparison, Chainlink is >Circulating Supply350,000,000 LINK>Total Supply1,000,000,000 LINK>Market Cap$64,685,250 and if, no...
WHEN Swift confirms they have adopted the platform which should be obvious to anyone with half a brain.
It will moon to the high heavens.Prove me wrong.
>crickets
You aren't wrong..you are just slow.
This has been know and discussed months ago.
Stay sharp anon
I'm actually glad you shill this in /biz/ now everyone knows it's a /biz/coin
NO IT'S BITCOIN CASH
just because one coin is adopted doesn't mean the other will be.
inb4 nda
welcome to 2 months ago.
the question is why the market doesnt know?
we should be worth 2-3 bucks based on this alone right now
Binance.
If it gets on Bittrex, it's a different story.
/biz should all throw down enough money to do the marketing ourselves.
for under 20k we could creating the marketing collateral and spam tf outta CL on all crypto related sites and forums for months.
i didnt realise ripple was ERC20 token shitcoin
Because we've reached peak exposure.You can tell by the amount of new subscribers on the subleddit.In the start 100s of people used to sub every day and now it's just been a couple of people for the past weeks.Something needs to happen to gain more exposure.
Mainly because the market value is mostly determined by hype and the development team almost goes out of their way to not announce anything.
I think they are more focused on the actual product than the value of their token.
Which is not a bad thing for people holding long term, but rough for those people expecting a quick moon mission.
Same was said about antshares.
I love this, the fucking SWIFT thing, a true historic shitstain of finance who seem to recently have realized how absolutely fucked they are and shills display it as some badge of fucking pride, this single pathetic organization.
You think that OP image is a link meme, but the true way to look at it is a SWIFT muh blockchain shilling trying to appear relevant, they're the fucking boomer who's heard of bitcoins, they lost in 2009.In comparison, Ripple isDirectly partnered with most of the worlds big banksGiving them a way out from the cucking of SWIFTRipple isn't some cheap SWIFT accessory, they're putting them out of business and taking relieving them of their monopoly, they're looking to run the show, they have solved the SWIFT problem
is there any chance they will burn some of the excess tokens (in excess of 350,000,000)???
Or is it possible they will implement a burn feature?
If you got in @ $0.40+ it's a shitcoin.
Hurr hurr toiletlink.If you got in @ <$0.20 or ico you're comfy and Chainlink is promising.
i bet you hold a lot of omg
no, and they don't need too.
hurr durr too many tokens.
Like most emotions in this market this is completely fucking backwards, but also true
SWIFT is only one part of ChainLink anyway.
SWIFT could literally cease to exist and CL would still have a potential market cap in the tens of billions.
hurr durr.
retard.
more supply equals less value
So if there was 10 times less tokens it would affect how much profit you made if the value went up?
You realize XRP has been around almost as long as BTC right?
...
I don't know...but there wouldn't be an artificial cap to growth that would hold price down under 1 or 2 dollars like all coins with over 500 million supply
I'm only fudding SWIFT here, their partnership is an embarrassment.
you realize that Ripple has done 95% of its growth in the last year, don't you?and chainlink has been in development for 3 years.
What's your point?
/biz should all throw down enough money to do the marketing ourselveslmao, maybe that's their plan all along, do fucking nothing, wait until your investors get fed up and start marketing for you.
Its divisible to sixteen decimal places.
What difference would it make if it was ten times cheaper or dearer with the decimal place moved one place to the left or right.
i-it won't even be adopted!the absolute state of fudders
This.
The obsession with coin supply and 1 dollar is true pajeet mentality
they have an incentive to increase the value of the token, their development fees are directly tied to it
Ok bought a thousand more LINK.
Together with my 9k from ico i have now 12k.
Will I make it?
Dam thats a pretty big market cap i don't see it going much higher honestly
ok - if you think coins like ripple with ten zillion circulating supply will ever be able break 1.00 or 2.00 then you are insane.
It's simple economics - more supply of something decreases its value.
That is why it is attractive to investors when coins like kyber burn tokens, reduce supply and INCREASE the value of the token because they are more scare.
Scarcity is a factor in value.
I don't understand why you people can't understand this simple fact.
Buy a hundred dollars of link with a billion supply and it rises 50% you have made 50% profit.Buy a hundred dollars of link with a million supply and it rises 50% you have made 50% profit.
it makes a lot of difference...because I have to buy more LINK to see the same value I could achieve spending less on LINK (with a lower circulating supply).
High supply caps growth.
It will always be the case.
Go look at the highest circulating supply coins.
They will struggle to break above 50 cents, much less 1.
Meanwhile coins like bitcoin with lower supply don't have the same cap.
It's not the sole factor, but supply is a factor.
t. brainlet
All of us already know.Give the link shilling a fucking rest so we can accumulate.
...per token.
so just buy more tokens.
dummy
Eeeh tbf no no coin with 1b supply ever reached 1 dollar
why this bitch not getting listed on other exchanges ?
you are seriously retarded.
nobody expects a 1000 dollar link token.
but we do expect something like 100 tokens to be worth 1000 dollars some day.
see how it works?
Why you bitch not poo in loo
 million circulating supply
again - you aren't hearing me dummy.
I'd rather spend less money and get more gains later than spend more money for a token with a cap to growth at 1-2.
What happens when my token reaches 1-2 dollars?
I have to sell because it's growth is capped.
Oh yea, that's right...this board is filled with young children that don't understand growth over more than 1 or 2 years.
link tokens won't be worth 1000.
Why?
Because of circulating supply.
Just watch ripple over the next 10 years.
Watch as the price trades in a stagnant range for eternity.
cRippled because of the high circulating supply
you bitch, I am link bangholder, trying to understand why not getting listed , new one like rcn,power getting listed?
if you know answer post it, otherwise fuck off bitch
oh my god you are dumb.
kys
it's going to go to $40,000 bro
do you realize there are more ripple tokens than link tokens?
or does 1 billion = 38 billion to your stupid brain?
I don't care about 50% profit.
I want uncapped growth.
If I wanted 50% profit, I'd just buy bitcoin or ethereum
ok - if you think coins like ripple with ten zillion circulating supply will ever be able break 1.00 or 2.00 then you are insaneit will definitely go to 10 dollars if it's adopted, idiotthese coins aren't even used yet, the only people buying them are people who invest in them to make money, not actually use them
ok so what would the market cap have to be for 100 link to equal 1000 dollars.
You are talking insane valuations.
It'd be easier to get to such a valuation if toiletman would reduce circulating supply - taken coins out of the market and making them more scarce
WHY DO YOU CARE SO MUCH ABOUT 1 - 2 DOLLARS
No u basterd bitch
nobody expects a 1000 dollar link token.i do
you legitimately have the IQ of someone who belongs in a wardget help
The team refuses to approach exchanges because they don't want trouble with the SEC.Take advantage of this and sell your LINK for something that'll moon sooner.
you probably own ripple, dogecoin, tron, bytecoins, stellar lumens and funfair.
loser.
these high supply coins are probably your only affordable entry point.
don't worry, you'l be able to buy them forever.
enjoy your capped gains shitlord.
% was just an example, you absolute dunce.the fuck do you mean with "uncapped growth" anyway?
i only own ripple out of those and it will go to 10 dollars
no way I sell Link until Q1 2019, Iron hands here, will retire with link.
because it seems to be a growth cap on high supply coins.
look at bitcoin.
really intelligent people (unlike you) posit that it could reach 1 million per coin.
There is no lower end cap on its growth like there is with ripple.
If circulating supply doesn't matter then tell me why ripple has never cracked the nickels and dimes range.
AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHH.
Ripple 10 dollars.
AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHH.
Ok
when link hits 20k per token ill screencap your wojak thread
What are you talking about growth cap?
Look.
At the start of this year XRP was a little over half a cent, it peaked at around 40 cents, the gain was something like 70x.
If link hits 1 - 2 dollars from here the gain is 5 - 10x.
Whole coin price is fucking irrelevant, $10 000 gets you $10 000 worth buying in
I won't have a wojack thread.
I own over 20k link.
I'm just hoping that they burn some of the supply.
maybe ripple didn't have a cap at half a cent.
but it does now.
so who tf would buy ripple right now.
How do I buy this shit again?
I'm on binance do I buy ETH or whut
congrats you will have hundreds of millions of dollars in a few years
why ripple has never cracked the nickels and dimes range.it would need a fuckhuge market cap...you are just pretending to be retarded, aren't you?
Duh.
All thats left is for you /biz/neets not to dump the second it doubles or triples like the spergs you are so it crashes.
We can all make it big if let it pump
it was a fucking example wingnut, it is no longer the dead easy supermoon bet that it was in janso you're saying link has more room to moon, sure fine i agree short term, but a big cap coins will be the best off if institutions actually join in on our scam
There's no reason to burn any of the supply.
90% of the time burning is just a marketing trick to fire up investors who want quick gains.ChainLink is a legitimate project, they have no incentive to engage in that sort of shit.
link < zap
kyber isn't illegitimate
maybe...but what if banks just use cRipple
i see them on bitcointalk, these people are real and are usually pajeets, they are kind of like primitive robots, they can repeat information when provided with the specific request, but they are unable to actually think.
so all they really do is get fired up and repeat terms or short phrases they've heard but with a complete disregard for context
then ill be a millionaire since i own both
Still not sure why node operators would want LINK tho as opposed to BTC or ETH to run the EVM ...
Just cuz its their token and they have some control over it I guess.
I want uncapped growth
look at bitcoin.
really intelligent people (unlike you) posit that it could reach 1 million per coin.
There is no lower end cap on its growth like there is with ripple.you say this but 10 posts earlier:>If I wanted 50% profit, I'd just buy bitcoin or ethereumyeesh it's almost like your arguments are retarded and inconsistent.
They're doing that but by doing actual work and making deals behind the scenes not shilling a coin.
because having the decentralized oracle system run on a coin that has wild price fluctuations outside the system's control makes no sense :^)
Im holding some link.
I believe in the project just wish there was more clarification on how the token increases in value.
Its the only project at the moment trying to solve a worthwhile problem.
They aren't going to talk about that any more than they have.
High supply has nothing to do with growth.
How can you be the retarded.
If there were a tenth as many coins the price would be 10x what it is and the ICO price would have been 10X what it is but the market cap would be exactly the same.You are getting no more bang for your buck.
it's in the peer-reviewed white paper.
you know, the thing i would bet my entire portfolio on that you didn't read.
Are you saying the token's value increases when big corporations want to distribute data on the blockchain and thus need more tokens to be considered trustworthy by the chainlink algorithm?
Im so fucking high right now, man.
how the token increases in value.More nodes in the network need the token to be paid.
node operators hold the token.
Supply gets smaller, demand grows.
Price goes up.
Yeah maybe just watch some Aqua Teen and get back us when you've come down a bit, bro.
He is assuming the market cap is the value so lets say 65 mil, what he wants to happen is the devs destroy ~32 million worth of coins for him so at the current price the market cap is now half.
He then expects other pajeets to buy it back up to the 65 mil cap / the previous value, meaning a double in coin price, he would then be able to dump a little under where he bought in.
It's not really the same but basically he wants someone to conjure money out of thin air to undo his bad decision.
Do I need to hold 10k or 100k if I want to retire next year?