Who want's to get rich?Yes, that's a pajeet kind of statement to lure you in to shit coins.
Thing is..FUNFAIR WILL GET YOU RICH if you buy and hold untill summer 2018.Screen cap this or do whatever the fuck you want with it.See you at 50000 Satoshi.
LOGO looks worse than their last one.
Jesus Christ that's horrible looking.
50k sats sounds a little too optimistic doesn't it?
You shill this piece of shit, everyday.I guess your bags must be heavy.Guess what, it's complete shit.
It's a casino company not a fucking health care provider.It's perfect.
THIS IS NOT A DRILLI REPEAT, THIS IS NOT A DRILL
Which part is shit?The founder and CEO that made games we all played as a kid?One of the most successful poker site?The new executive coming from one of the worlds largest gaming companies?
Go back to your "anonymous" people standing behind your shit coins and back to your one man in mom's basement dreams of making deals with VISA and such.This is the real deal with a proven track record, real people with a real office and address from real companies with real history and a real working product with a real vision a real business plan and real value.That's low evaluated.
Learn about the online casino industry you shitcoin lovers and you will learn a thing or two.Not having funfair in your crypto portfolio is straight out retarded.
A fucking game coin?
Fuck offf
Reporting in
4466519Price estimate for 2018?
Gambling money is already digital, why would you need a coin for it?
Gambling has strict margins, not really good with crypto.The poker software is literally copy and paste.
And the coin is going sideways for weeks.
It's shit, it might see a pump, but it won't end up in the top 100 next year.
$0.10 easily
4466644amending my post:0.10 to 0.20 on the high endpersonally I'm gonna sell if it hits $0.18
We develop and publish Forex's victory method.Please search 「EA development factory of SuperJunior」
4466667When did you have in mind?
Trying to select my long term holds and weekly to monthly sells.
Casino results are done on the blockchain, so online gamblers don't have to trust that the casino they're playing on is fucking them over server-side.
The poker software is literally copy and pastethe fuck are you talking about?this statement makes no sense whatsoeverfeel free to elaborate with sources faggot
When did you have in mind?
Trying to select my long term holds and weekly to monthly sells.March-April 2018
And other money isn't already digital?Are you really a fucking moron?Poker software is literally copy paste?And other software isn't?You mean the poker RNG?No.... that has to be certified.Just shut the fuck up kid.
Any recommendations on short term buys?
Kinda wanna build up more capital.
Honestly, I have no idea.
I think alts are possibly due for a bit of a run so you can't go wrong with a lot of promising projects.I think FUN is a safe buy right now as it's near the all-time low and some megawhale just bought millions of dollars worth in one go (the market cap is only 67 million).
I don't think he's giving those millions away as an act of charity... pretty sure he thinks it's onward and upward from hereIf you want to gamble and try to make even more short-term profits, I'd say just watch the charts of any of the good coins and learn them well, flip them day-to-day, that's what I do
Sorry to keep bugging but which coins do you keep your eyes on?
all of the coins I'm currently watching:BCH, BIS, LTC, ENJ, XMR, UIS, AEON, ANT, ARK, BAY, BCN, BCY, BITB, BNB, BTM, BURST, COVAL, DASH, DCR, DGB, EBTC, ETC, ETH, FCT, GAME, GNO, GNT, GRC, GUP, LSK, MYST, NEO, NXT, OMNI, REP, RLC, SC, SHIFT, STEEM, STORJ, STRAT, SWT, TAAS, TKN, WAVES, WINGS, XBY, XEM, XLM, XRP, XVG, ZEC, ZENsome of them are junk/not serious/not necessarily worthy of investing in (BITB, EBTC, SC) but I've kept my eye on all of these for a few months
What's the innovation?
It's done on the blockchain, ok, result is still 98% player won't notice.
And you'll just have another gambling platform, nothing new, add it too the list.
4466751Where comes the funfair token in play?
For what is it used?
The software is just the same basic software you can see in hundreds of sites.
What is funfair going to do?
Get 75 licenses around the world?
Also, poker is a dying game.
Check the stats.
delet im trying to accumulate.
poker is dyingjesus you are hopelessly stupid or b8ingI was going to respond seriously until I read this
For any lurkers, watch this video: https://youtu.be/dUm13ck3xkU
What's the innovation?Are you actually asking what is the innovation in creating a platform where for the first time in history, people can gamble and the house isn't fucking them over behind the curtains?
Also, other people who want to make casinos can plug into this new platform easily and if it's advertised as using the FunFair blockchain, people will be more trusting of it.
A casino using FunFair is basically a big fat "Your gambling results are not being tampered with" stamp.
FUN will get you rich.
Not too late to buy here and 10x by next July.
gamble and the house isn't fucking them over behind the curtains?Holy fuck if you really believe this.
Gambling is regulated to every little line of code.
Goverments literally check servers to see the software.
The software has to be licensed.
Etc, maybe 1 casino in china is fucking it's players over, but that's like saying an exchange is stealing coins.
It would be retarded as fuck.
I'm just basing myself on the google trend lines from the last years
4467107for a guy who can't even read or do his own research and keeps talking about the completely wrong fucking thing (poker) I don't think your opinion holds any sway ITT anymorebetter change your ID
absolute shitcoin
this is not a poker product.https://showcase.funfair.io/
No worries, i have nothing to lose
Holy fuck if you really believe this.>He believes gambling, both online and offline are completely legitimate and certainly do not have anything shady going onfucking kek
"Hey Bob, so tell us the Story how you got rich""..ugh..well you see there is this coined called funfair, and..ugh..you gamble, I mean well you buy it, to gamble.
and"-"Woah what do you mean Gamble?"
So you are a gambler?
"-"No its just it went to the moon"."Okay.
"Shut up faggots, funfair is for faggots.
Funfair is a waste.
I'm manager in a casino and ran a gambling website.<- this shit isn't revolutionary.
I'm manager in a casino and ran a gambling website.Sure you are and sure you did m8
I'm literally posting this from the slots room.
But, mate, do what you want, believe what you need, i don't care.
FUN is one of the best projects out there1) PROTOCOL - not just one game or one casino.. endless casinos hosted..2) USE FOR TOKEN - see #13) EXPERIENCED INDUSTRY LEADERSHIP4) ADOPTABLE TECH - online gaming c’mon.5) SOLVES A PROBLEM - TRUST in GAMING6) ALREADY HAVE PRODUCTSFUCKING 200 sats are you kidding me?
I’m loading up on another 500k as soon POWR stops running.. which may be too late.Total no brained long term.
4467255You've done zero research on this, it's pretty obvious that this is the first time you've even checked out their showcasetl;dr just fuck off instead of playing no-cost devil's advocate
Nobody should take your FUD seriously since your livelihood is at risk.
I understand why the idea of funfair triggers you though.
What's the innovation?They developed their own state channel technology to make playing their games near instantaneous, and the player is guaranteed that they aren't being fucked by the casino, which you say isn't an issue but you clearly have no clue about the online gambling industry
crypto is doomed to fail, who wants o gamble on their shitty programs :Dpeople that invest in crypto would not gamble like someone in vegas.we are gambling already...
someone that made 10k or more is not that stupid to play a bitcoin slot machine ^^ can make much more than in a casino with a higher chance of hitting the jackpot
4468211fuck off pajeet
Funfair would be FUN if the faggot moderator Alex didn't censor and ban everyone in the Telegram (people called him out for having shitty PR).
Enjoy getting dumped on with insider trading.
This is your PR manager.
He had requested to be removed from the funfair.io team page.
Go ahead, try and find him, you won't.
Yet he has a huge role in funfair, he knows when the next news is published and when.
ITT: People buying chuck e cheese tokens.
Anyone have that pic of his facebook post?
44684704468497Oh look it’s that autismlord who got banned for shilling his “liquid aeon” scam project.
Gtfo nerd
for adults
Nobody should take your FUD seriously since your livelihood is at riskkek
500k fun club reporting in.
Please make the bleeding stop
District0x is more promising in that price range.