4 days until FENX goes live.
How much does everyone have?
Where did you got those news?
Just bought 100k
SCAM
https://etherdelta.com/#0x017188526374f723ec66509ea0c44dd797a33c84-ETH D I R T C H E A P
I got them cheap on ED.
https://etherdelta.com/#0x017188526374f723ec66509ea0c44dd797a33c84-ETHAnd that's when the sale ends.
0
I see you want to unload your airdrop bags, so nothing is actually going live in 4 days huh
DO NOT BUY THIS, OP IS JUST TRYING TO DUMP HIS BAGS, DO YOUR RESEARCH, DEV TEAM DOESN'T EXIST
Yep and people are getting excited.
Learn more about this amazing project here https://m.youtube.com/watch?t=8s&v=Y8B4QqgpoKs And read the most pragmatic white paper I've ever read here http://feenix.tech/white-paper/
4446773two pajeets who only got 100 from the social media bounty angry and throwing poo in our thread, please leave
Yea they did a lottery style airdrop and bounty campaign.
Who cares?
Everyone does it and it was only a small amount of the tokens.Kek what?
Hush darling need brice low for accumulate coins .
4446797>small amount of the tokens.I literally got 10BTC worth of tokens for free, I bet I got them way before you got yours, I can crash the chart fulfilling all the selling orders if I wanted to.
So I'm guessing you don't have any source backing that anything will come live in 4 days.
Social media accounts are still dead.
EtherDelta charts looks awful as well.
Everyone trying to dump their bags for nothing, I'm not gonna dump but geez...
This shilling is just low quality lies, at least step up your meme game, you don't have to fuck people over to make money.Hopefully in the future this will be worth more than a shilling thread on /biz/, I genuinely hope so, it's not a bad idea.
i scammed the devs for as many airdrops as i could getcongratulations i guess
Wow that snapshot sure proves that you have 100k FENX.
And another anon has been in correspondence with Eric Johnson.
He said that they're going to get listed on ED right after the sale ends.
Alright I'm done shilling for this coin.
I think it's a very legit coin that actually serves a purpose unlike most.
I got my position and I'll start shilling again in a few days when it gets officially listed and everyone who bought will see that there's a demand for this coin.
I hope some of you guys at least took a small position.
where is it getting listed
Ether Delta officially when the sale ends.
It will have a ticker and people will know about it.
Right now you have to use the contract link
social media bountywtf did I miss??
it's a tactic many ICOs do to promote buzz, they hand out some coins to pajeets for "free" (it's a trade for marketing it for them) and it creates selling pressure early in the coin's life, good time to get things cheap
Yeah I know but I want free feenix nigga
and the selling pressure is because pajeet needs to feed his family while the team usually has longer term goals than that and will continue to add value beyond pajeet's simple minded short term flip
https://twitter.com/feenixcoin somewhere here, they tend to be time limited so it may have expired
it creates whales.
like me.
who have an incentive to boost the price :D

For fuck sake, do you really need to scam people to make money, so much opportunity to make money, and you choose to fuck people over, congrats
I have 45k of these big guys for free.
Is that ICON?
sir fuck off fudder mother of bich basterd chutya