>As for the long vision: we're not looking just at short-term profits, and we're not just looking at long-term profits either.
We're looking to build something that everyone can get behind and get on board, as both user and operator.
We're looking to build the thing that will finally change the way money is handled the whole world over for the better, and leave a legacy that can sustain itself through all kinds of social and cultural changes.
We're looking at accomplishing the spirit of the original Nakamoto vision of Bitcoin, the original Ripple vision (pre-blockchain Ripplepay), the original Paypal vision.
We're building a massively scalable decentralized exchange uniting all fiat and crypto that will be freely available to regular end users via widely deployed digital wallet infrastructure.
We believe it will be good for people to be able to freely exchange value with each other directly, and build communities and businesses with each other directly, and not have to be rich and well-connected already to be able to afford to do these things.
We finally have the technology to enable this for billions of people simultaneously, and we are building this in combination with developing the business partnerships that can give the network a hard takeoff.
We're looking to build the decentralized exchange for the whole world and once it's up it won't be stoppable.https://www.reddit.com/r/omise_go/comments/7dmjnd/short_note_on_staking_and_on_the_long_vision_of/This is what separates OMG from lesser coins.
True ambition beyond quick cash grabs.
I really love that mentality and hope that their decentralized exchange will work and change asia.I dont mix that with my money making plans though.Which is why I sold my omg and will buy back when BTC is higher.It might be huge, but that will be clear once they release their wallet.And that still takes a long time.
Lmao omise goys still waiting on that "september news".
DELUDED.
Ya for sure being in BTC is the best option rn.However, I'm predicting triple digits for OMG in the next two years.
They said wallet will be released by end of Q4 so it’s not that long off
If they succeed their ambitious plans, which I think is likely, seeing how Joseph Poon is designing plasma and also working with Omise team.Then yes I also expect tripple digits.
Vitalik is a creep.But so are many geniuses.
4415782If OMG reaches even close to triple digits it will dramatically change the course of my entire life.
If nothing happens it’s the same old same old.
But I can’t help myself from daydreaming about the possibility of 10x my earnings
TestingStaking at Q2 which is in half a year.BTC could be 25k by then.
I know anon, I am also a dreamer.What other coins do you hold?
I made a good amount of profit off LTC, NEO, and Ark but right now I’m 90% in OMG since it is so cheap.
The rest of funds are sprinkled between Link REQ and Zencoin
Be careful about putting all your eggs in one basket though.If omg fails for whatever reason, maybe Joseph Poon dies randomly, you will lose your money.33% of my portfolio was in omg (which is a lot of money for me) but when I heard about their wallet not releasing this year I shorted.I will probably average buy back in coming months.Hope you make it bro.
Thanks bro you too.
What other coins are you holding?
May diversify a bit more and follow your advice
this OMG bastards made mockery of big news with google pic.
from that point no one in the crypto world not reactive to any big news.
all the moon mission were stopped with single omg bastrads fake google pics.
% BTC12% Eth7% NEO1% OMG (some small gains from scalping Eth/BTC with some coins I have on exchange)This is not a very diversified portfolio so I feel like im going agains my own advice.I do consider BTC to be a stable gaining coin.Since it went ~ 700% this year with no signs of stopping.But I also made a lot of money on alts and stayed in them for too long.Then I realised I was losing a fuck ton of BTC value, which is actually my end goal.To hold a lot of BTC.If we see crypto succeed BTC will succeed.At least thats what I think.Didnt mean to shill BTC but here we are.TLDR:I dont know the future, but it wouldnt hurt to hold some BTC.