Hey /biz/ lets make a good discusion about SC.
I am still hodling this crap fest (bought at 115) but not sure if it is still worth it!?
Are there any future plans for sc?
Is it a good long therm hodl?
Are you selling or hodling?
Bump
i sold mine for a fat loss.
i just think, number one, they fucked it by inroducing that siacoin obelisk miner.
its just, theres so many billions of siacoin in existence it makes it worthless.
plus it seems like people are more behind storj at this point.
( i know, sia is "muh decentralized storage").
i just dont think its ever going to take off.
the threads on reddit are pretty active, and the discussion i read mostly seem to think its kinda dead at this point
The guys who made it said they didn’t want to see it priced highly or used for speculating as it was supposed to be a cheap unit to pay for the storage.So it tanked slowly from its high of 800 back to 50 or whatever it is or since July ish.
Frequently hitting a “new bottom”.
they fucked it by inroducing that siacoin obelisk miner.
its just, theres so many billions of siacoin in existence it makes it worthlessI kek every time I see this logic on /biz/ because it shows how little people understand about the technology you're dumping thousands of dollars into.ASICs do not increase the rate at which coins are mined.ASICs do not increase the rate at which coins are mined.ASICs do not increase the rate at which coins are mined.It's obvious if you think about it.
If ASICs meant more coins, that would also imply that blocks would be coming out faster.
But wait, new ASICs for Bitcoin have been introduced multiple times, and the block time is still 10 minutes.
How can this be?
?See, when the hashrate goes up, the difficulty also goes up to compensate.
A jump in the hashrate causes blocks to be a bit faster, until the difficulty adjusts.
Then it goes back to 10 minutes.The motivation for making ASICs is that you control a larger PERCENTAGE of the total hashrate, not that they magically cause 10x more coins to be mined.storj is dead in the water btw, their only competent dev left a while ago and stated he had no confidence in their ability to deliver