Bought another 4 oz today, now at 33.
A third of the way to my goal.
Anyone else here stack PMs?
I gotta a couple, yeah, nothing close to that though, looks nice, Anon.
Where's the jewgold?
how are you gonna sell it?
Probably the same dealers where he bought it?
so he's taking a massive haircut on the retarded spread + fees + trouble of transport etc.?
I’m only selling it if spot goes up a crazy amount, like $50+Other wise it’s just savings to pass onto my kids or MAYBE barter with for guns or something
Physical PMs have zero counter party risk & zero central bank inflation.
"You don't hold it, you don't own it".
I have about $500 I wanna put into PMs, what dealer should I use?
How hard is it to actually sell precious metals for market price after you have them?
pretend money inflation into pm is funI have small amount silver ounce
I own a cash for gold.
I don't hold metals because I am hedged against them.
I dunno, silver is starting to feel like a meme.
I have been listening to people grovel over the price of silver for years now.
Easy.
Use craigslist or kijiji
Ill sell gold and silver to anyone for crypto.
In person or by mail.
Im located in Ohio.
im on the west coast and own 0 crypto
I have about 1000 oz of silver and about 10 gold.
My silver is mostly ungraded Morgan junk dollars that I picked up super cheap in the early 90's.
Hodling steady.
The gold is just a bunch of St Gaudens because they're fuckin beautiful and why not!
Also picked them up when gold was around $350 an ounce.
not owning Austrian Philharmonics or PAMP Suisse Lady Fortuna
>A little silver for zombie apocalypse
Lmao literal shit coins
All I know is you can buy Gold in the UK cheaper than you can sell it for in the USA in a dealership by a long way.
I do not understand how the import/export laws work but if your fiat is in £ you can make a quick buck hopping the pond with some gold and it should cover your trip and then some depending on the amount you can take (if any).
deluded millennial with autism would rather park his wealth in a string of intangible digital codes that are relevant for a short period of time over a physical commodity that has countless, necessary applications in manufacturing and tech hardware
what kind of cryptocurrency is this
sell your crypto for silver nowif you dont youll remember my post forever
I like bullion and numismatic silver, also silver and brass Chinese medals.
I love crypto too, but I diversify.
Some coins like the 2017 Falkland Islands "Britannia Rules the Waves" PCGS PR70 First Day of Issue provided people with crypto-like gains in a matter of weeks, and they're worth holding for a while yet...
/r/pmsforsale
Lol no i rather keep stock piling bullets and guns than physical shit coins
Yes and no.
Silver is manipulated as fuck on the ETFs.
Sitting on about 60oz silver.
End of the world fears.
I know it's no good to buy food in a doomsday scenario.
You use it to bribe military officers.I should really get a gun licence too.
(wtf Canada.)
Buddy, at the end of the world, why would I want your silver when I can just take it from you.
And even if I couldn't take it from you, why would I want to give up anything essential for something non essential as silver?
Because silver has other applications than being shiny currency.
Same goes for gold.
If he is truly fearing end of world, invest in salt.
salt, guns, rice, beans, water jugs, firewood are good options canada bro
British gold bullion may be cheaper than US bullion, but I’m pretty sure silver is stupidly expensive across the pond because of VAT tax.
Does that apply to EU nations only or do the Brits still have to pay it?
Have got a few monster boxes of silver and 50oz of gold -- pretty much done stacking for now and focused on crypto
Friendly reminder that silver is down 70% since the 80syour kids will love you
this guy gets it.I just sold a little over 15 oz.
of silver on ebay last week and can confirm it's a fucking pain in the ass because the post office might lose one of your shipments.
right now 1 of my packages are delayed or in limbo.silver is also hyper-delicate, since it's the softest metal, so it can get dented or scratched easily if you don't ship it properly.also took a loss after fees & shipping costs + the stress of worrying...silver's no longer a good investment unless you are mentally prepared to hold for *years* in a safe, permanent location, and have a clear exit strategy on how to liquidate for other assets when needed.from my experience so far after 2 years, liquidating into cash has just involved fees and headaches.
whilst lugging around Ag during those two years, i should've realized how much better it would be to get crypto instead, but was too dumb to make that mental leap.
Yeah, we pay VAT.
I have not looked at silver.
I was watching a video of a guy selling bullion to a dealer in DC and went to check the online prices in the UK and they were hundreds of $ cheaper.
There must be some law against simply buying it here and taking it to the US to sell.
St Gaudensgreat taste.
And the dollar is down 199% from the 80sYou must be so smart
PAMP Suisse Lady FortunaPAMPs are consistently being counterfeited from what i've read.
Wait, 4 oz silver for 33$ or what exactly was your transaction.
I got out of silver last year at its high over 20$, bought in at 15$.
It’s been so slow, what are we talking about here and what vendor is selling 4oz for 33$?
Can’t be usd at the current spot unless your metals are fake.
I have several hundred ounces of silver.
Why would you stash it all in a safe?
If anyone breaks into your hose, your silver is all in one easy spot.
I keep my silver in the fridge.
In an empty milk container.
And some I stash elsewhere in not obvious places.
If someone breaks into my house, they aren't going to go to the fridge and grab a drink of milk
EU bullion dealers only pay tax on silver bars, they claim coins are exempt.UK dealers have to charge +20% tax on bars and coins so dont ever buy silver from a UK dealer.Gold is tax free over the entire EU
Some guys broke into my mate's house and they drank his milk.
They also shit in his pool.
Got about 75oz in coins, 50oz in cast bars and a few limited edition coins.
Just sold my 5oz gold bar so will roll a little into more bars with the rest going into crypto.
You can ride the price bumps on that type of hardware after shootings when there is a gun law scare.
Bump slide stocks have gone way crazy up in price after Vegas.
Ah, so I would probably have to pay tax on it upon entering the U. I did try and read the pages and pages of customs laws regarding it but Jesus... Beurocracy is cancer.
What do you hope to achieve by buying physical silver?
You're going to get fucked over on conversion prices when you sell physical instead of investing in futures and if we are in a post apocalyptic scenario than guns/ammo/food is going to be currency, not a shinny piece of metal.
the dollar is down a lot but it's still stronger than other currencies.
thus we're not yet in venezuela situations of economic collapse.
perhaps getting close but not yet.also, think about it in terms of trading pairs.
the fact that there are shitcoin-to-eth and shitcoin-to-btc markets helps the value of eth and btc...the same goes for fiat...you can do stuff with liquid fiat you can't really do with silver and gold because they're not usually accepted as payment or quick and easy trades.i can't even buy crypto with silver coins but i can buy immediately with usd.
the process of selling silver is annoying and costly.
if you buy silver and gold be prepared to hold for a long period of time.silver and gold are meant to hold or gain value slowly but due to derivatives markets their paper value gets manipulated/suppressed....however, just check the silver price chart, it is finally basing at a higher support range around $17.
probably headed towards $20 by early next year.
any word of a supply shortage and silver should break $30 easily.
only by then will people FOMO and think "oh shit i should've bought when it was 15-17"...the same goes for BTC...very few people gave a fuck about BTC when it was around $200 and under...but now since all the faggot mainstream press/banks/normies are finally noticing its massive price moves, it's going for thousands in fiat.
You can literally make anti biotics known as colloidal silver with some distilled water and dc battery with silver.
It’s pretty cool you can see the silver molecules coming off and going into the water.
It literally kills a lot of different t bacterial infections and is safe to consume.
Because they've found more reserves.
Supply and demand fuck boi.
he didn't buy 4 oz for $33, OP meant he now owns 33 oz after that 4 oz.
purchase.nice move selling at $20, kicking myself for not cashing out there, but it looks like it's headed over $20 next year.
Is that cheese
 colloidal silver is not a biotic.
This thread is like a culmination of all the schizos that call into the alex jones show.
Dealer where I live will buy it off you at the spot price of that day/time 7 days a week as much as you want.
Cool little pm shop
This.
Fuck that Putin shill and everyone who listens to him.Bullshit like this thread is what we have to deal with in the new RethugliKKKan AmeriKKKa.
People preparing for the end of the world so they can sit back and watch PoC/women burn.
Fuck them and their tiny-hands dictator.
Id never hold much crypto or metal10% is my personal limit since one is rigged and the other is ultimately a heavy bag for greedy normies.
having said that, if you got into positions on either as Trump came in you are not going to lose no matter what happens.
I know it’s not antibiotic in the normal sense but it will kill bacteria, heal infection and is safe for consumption.
Why are you lying, explain how you can treat MERSA the flesh eating bacteria that’s will rot your leg off and colloidal silver.
Why is it used to clean medical equipment at dentist office, etc?
It will kill good bacteria just the same; no different than antibiotics and in some case better.
Prove wrong not just talk shit.
Name calling doesn’t prove anything, faggot.
barter for gunsThis is real life not a video game kiddo, nothing personal.
Wow I should have guessed a bunch of literal faggots from reddit would be here since biz is now a crypto board.
Also silver molecules in water, essentially colloidal silver, but at higher parts per million is used in burn wards for fire victims etc.
you don’t know shit.
found the next bernie sanders supporting mass shooter
that's extremely rare, do you live somewhere in the midwest US?
every pm shop i've dealt with will buy at $1 under silver spot.some *might* give you a deal and by near spot or .60 under spot if you're selling like 1000+ oz.
that's what one reputable place told me.
I didn't say it doesn't kill bacteria.
I said it wasn't an anti-biotic.
You're putting words in my mouth because you're insecure and over analyzing my statement.
Go take your meds.
Salt Lake City, it’s a really cool shop.
I walk in there from time to time to buy or sell, very cool that they will look up the spot price at the moment if your transaction and buy from you without fees or any bullshit.
Sold a lot of silver there in dec 2016 when spot was ATH for sometime.
Obviously not true ATH but it was around 20$
Not in SHTF, people on gun forums regularly will trade for silver4419075Yeah I meant 33 oz total, I paid $19 each for the 4 oz I bought today
howdy bud, i also love colloidal silver, but it's a myth that can make true colloidal silver using battery + water.
that will generate an *ionic silver* solution but not true silver colloids.you can jewgle it if you don't believe me.
i also watched a lot of those vids claiming you can make colloidal silver at home but it's simply not true.
ionic silver does work too but not nearly as effective as real colloidal, which requires a higher volt AC power source and larger equipment to make.
thanks will keep that in mind.yes the conventional wisdom on sites like zerohedge is that PMs go up in fiat price around the winter holidays due to higher demand from jewelry makers.
i only sold recently because i need some spare cash.i keep hearing about silver supply going down every year, and silver ore grade plummeting also, but again...it's not reflected in price because of derivative manipulation.
I don’t want to argue semantics but it is safe for consumption and Kills bacteria.
How is this different than a normal anti biotics?
because it's not bacteria?
It fits the literal definition.
What are you trying to prove?
I have made it myself at home and healed infections with it.
Nice pile of mistakes there.
Ok then how do they make it using a different process?
Yeah I only made it long ago, I buy ionic that is low parts per million.
I was just saying it gave it some value in a doomsday scenario.
nice.
yea the actual % people hold in various assets will depend on their situation.
i fucked up big time by putting too much into PMs and absolutely 0 into crypto.as for Pres.
Trump, he does seem pro-Gold but at the same time, it's the international zogbankers who control prices so there's not much he can do.silver has bigger upside potential because supply really is dropping, and it is widely being used in electronics and hospitals...when silver gets used it's fucking just gone.
a big reason why btc is highly valued is because they did a brilliant job of marketing themselves as "digital gold".
the same is true of litecoin and how they create the imagery of being the silver to btc's gold.
major litecoin fans even buy and sell silver coins with ltc value printed into them.so you see the core of value will always be gold and silver related.the u.s. dollar and uk pound used to be backed by silver.
that's where the "pound sterling" comes from.
It's fucking silly not to have at least 50 ozt of silver while it's so stupidly cheapmy favourite bars are 20 oz kit kats from scottsdale
i believe you and i agree it does have value in a doomsday scenario.i'm just saying there's a big difference between ionic silver, which can be made at home using battery method, versus real colloidal silver, which requires bigger hardware.
to make colloids of anything, which are a specific "nanoparticle" size, you need a higher electrical "arc" or something.
i don't get the technicals of it but i believe it makes sense.here i found the link for you:http://www.silver-colloids.com/Pubs/AboutIonic.htmlthat being said, you can still get benefits from ionic silver, or even by soaking a piece of silver in water---this is actually what sailors used to do to keep their water pure during long trips.
before the fiat currency bubble, everyone wanted gold and silver.anyone interested here should look up Lucky Baldwin, he became one of the richest men in California from buying silver mines early on.
Kek
Got an axe to grind have you m80?
It's ok...
Things will make more sense when you turn 16
colloidal silver>>https://nccih.nih.gov/health/silver>>Claims made about the health benefits of taking colloidal silver aren’t backed up by studies.
I bought a 1oz gold round and about 40 1oz silver rounds.
How do you recommend storing them?
Also I read that if you use hand sanitizer, you can touch them without gloves.
Is that true?
gold will never rust at all, but silver on the other hand will due to hand oils.
Just wear gloves and your silver be will okay.
In terms of storage unironically divide it into several underground caches.
You can look up how to store PMs in the dirt through google.
Gold doesn’t really tarnish, and unless your silver is numismatic there’s no reason to use a glove
4420497Ok ty.
This is real life not a video game kiddo, nothing personal.Fudd boomer 2A'ers love silver, muh hard currency and all that.
I guess they need more shiny dumb shit to waste their fiat on.
Posts like this make me Love the President.
how do you think people bought and sold guns before the dollar or paper money existed you dumb fucking nigger
My poorfag portfolio$2k in WEED STOCKS$1k in Crypto$1k in Silver bulliondown on all of themhow'd I do guys
spewing sjw nonsense on a 4chan crypto board of all places
long term you will be ok
Silvertard here.
Stacked back in 07-08, sold in '11 in the high 30's low 40's.
Made very good money.
Keep stacking anon, it's very wise.
I haven't gotten back into silver myself as I'm more focused on the wild west of cryptos right now and my discretionary income is thin... went through some pretty bad times.
But I expect PM's to remain stagnant at the very least through Trumps term.
The markets like having a businessman at the helm.
Economic dumbasses like Obama are what make PM's moon.
However I always recommend PMs for the long term.
They have protected wealth throughout recorded history.
Also, some tips for those interested in silver.1) Don't buy "numismatics" unless your actually into coin collecting.
If you're only interested in straight silver value it doesn't matter how pretty it is or what is stamped on it.
1 oz of silver is 1 oz of silver.2) Cheapest way into a silver hoard is 90% silver US currency, also referred to as "junk silver".
All US dimes, quarters, half dollars, and dollars are 90% silver from the years 1964 and earlier.
Always check your change, these coins will have a distinctive "pinging" sound when dropped.
If you happen upon some in your change check it's date and mint mark.
Some of them can be fairly rare and worth far more than the silver value, such as a 1932-D Washington quarter.
Trade them to a silver dealer for bullion or more 90%, they'll be happy to do it.
If you happen upon a rare/key date coin DO.
NOT.
FUCKING.
CLEAN.
IT.
You will ruin it's value.
...cont....
...cont...3) Nickels made from 1942-1945 were 35% silver because all actual nickel was diverted to wartime production.
These are surprisingly easy to still find in circulation as not many people are aware of this, or do not want coins with such a "low" silver content.
Even so, each of these nickels at todays prices is worth about a buck.
One of the easiest ways to get them is to buy rolls of nickels from the bank.
A standard roll of nickels is $2.
Sift thru them, return any excess nickels to the bank.
Easy peasy.
4) Stay away from silver flatware/dishes/etc unless you are absolutely sure of what the fuck you are doing.
Almost everything you'll find these days in antique shops, thrift stores, swap meets, etc is going to be silver PLATE, not pure, and almost worthless.
...cont...
...cont...5) Sterling silver is also something you generally want to avoid, but not because it isn't real.
Sterling is 92.5% pure so actually has a slightly higher silver content than 90% "junk" however it is mixed with chrome to give it that "Oooo shiny!!"
appearance.
Separating the silver from chrome is a toxic process which means refiners pay less for it than 90%, which in turn means dealers pay less for it than 90%.
6) Last post for now: A "poor mans" way to test silver.
Say you have a coin and are not sure if it's silver or not (ie, the date is rubbed off) - place it on tin foil, spit on it, then wrap the tin foil around it and wait 20 seconds or so.
Open the foil back up and smell your spit.
If it smells like rotten eggs it's silver.
barter with for gunsThey will give you a bullet for your silver.
If you are smart enough to buy silver but not a pistol.
You deserve to be quickly parted with your wealth.
I wish I had my fucking eyeroll gif.
This same faggot always with the “EVERYTHING IS WORTHLESS BUT METAL AND GUNS” meme.Stop wishing for the world to end.
Seriously, it’s unhealthy.
4421174I’ve already mentioned it’s not for SHTF.
I already own multiple guns and a few hundred rounds of ammo.
Maybe try reading the thread?
I have not bashed crypto once
I wish I had my fucking eyeroll gif.
I've got a couple pounds of silver, some small bars but mostly 1 oz coins.I think I may get some more soon with the spot price how it is.
This isn't the 1800s anymore gramps, good luck trying to trade coins for any valuable commodity if shit went south.
The average person wouldn't know real silver from fake.
You can't eat, kill or stay warm with a shitcoin.
wtf is this image
10 oz gold 1000 oz silver.
accumulated for about 5 years.
Long term hold.
Hold quite a few junior mining stocks as well that should pump as the dollar declines.
those lockboxes are about as secure as a paper envelope btw

I never said PMs are for SHTF, you dumb fucking niggerYou sell PMs before things go to absolute shit (when the markets panic) to buy guns, ammo, long term foods, etc
It’s inside a Stack-On safe that’s bolted to the wall.
Not super secure but I’m already storing nearly $3k worth of guns, what’s an extra $600 in silver?
what are silver bullets
at the risk of hijacking the thread;have you made the leap now?
its still early days, don't be discouraged.
4417034Heres my stack.
I like those sunshine mint roundsCheap above spot.
Quality usa.
Mintmark fraud detector lense.
They will be the first I dump when silver is over 500$
I have 100 kilos of silver
Cranial nerves.
everyone responding to your meme post even though you laid it on thick with shit like RethugliKKKanfuck man
44208434420988Seriously, 5+ hours and not even a "thanks anon"?Ya fucking twats.