Looking for good long term holds, have about 10k to spend.
Whoever gives the best recommendation with reasoning behind it gets .04 btc.
Bitcoin.
Because you'll be pink wojaking every 30 seconds with anything else.
trxcoin is back by big, BIG moguls, titans of the industry18paN27dcmPeUVWRLt9PBY7qDPBCJQ4j7p
XLMStellar partnership with IBM's Hyperledger.
Affiliate members range over +300 Fortune 500 companies.
A Reddit AMA yesterday with IBM's CTO compared XLM to "real money, affecting real people", along with stating a variety of new partnerships and projects announcements to be unveiled VERY soon to early 2018.
A lot of great things in store for XLM.
Along with being insanely undervalued for the amount of volume it's going to see in the coming months.
Easily the best bet in all of crypto, next to bitcoin.1PCJY2HU6Hn8u4fjtyQnZLfj6UBx5f6bEP
Have a look at https://finance.google.co.uk/finance?q=FRA%3AADE&ei=AIwDWvj7HYXAUNjgppgPThe Bitcoin Group SE.
This is a new company.
They will have a great future.
The last financial report was amazing and the new report will be massive.
The reason is the price of Bitcoin is very high compared to the last report and it will give really strong results once again.
This could keep happening for the next couple of years.
Buy NEO/ETP and some XLM will make ur 10k to 50k in a year
Etp/metaverse is gaining some popularity im not even old enough to buy porn but I'm planing on investing at least a couple hundred into it 1GoS17q9x4tMiVopfWq5vjPzrYSwK2C4yS
nexium coin.
just look at supply and price.
ubisoft support, first blockhain game on steam, declining supply
For long term hodl i recommend Cardano(ADA)>Academic team>Scientific research>Looking to build the next gen blockchain tech,very robust and secure>Patented new proof of stake mechanism>Will adopt PoW mining too probably>One of the founders of ETH behind the research.>Programmed in Haskell, with one of the founders of Haskell as leading programmer.>ICO was sold to mostly Jap investors>Working on cash machines and credit/debit cards>IOHK company working on the project, they have a contract for 2020, so this is looong term>big supply of coins to ensure healthy steady growth with no big up or down swings>Will probably crush half the shitcoins on the market once they get the ball rolling.
Big updates coming Q1-Q2 2018Invest now and forget about it for a year.
Will likely 10x at least in that time frame.There´s a lot more, research it.18p3MkazzFgNbRr4XyLxYwEuY5niLNvM78Send me 0.4 btc they go straight to ADA, much thanks if you do.
Good luck and beware of shitcoins shilled here.
No one here shills this one btw