Did i fuck up biz..
This is a pump and dump isn't it.. FUCK YOU GUYS
% per day is not enoughsettle down ADHD kidbtc will die when the hardfork rolls out
XDD BECAUSE ITS NOT THE REAL BITCOIN RETARDS!!
No Sir is good to buy please.
Live prosper Sir with many BCH and childs
You just gave me perspective thank you.
I'm still up 2x since Tuesday.
I need to check my emotions
Could you kindly explain to a brainlet why?
Wait...You thought having bitcoin in its name meant it wasn't a shitcoin ?HAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHA
you just didn't buy enoughBCH 4k by tomorrow
This is a pump and dump isn't it..Have you entered crypto ten minutes ago?
BCH 1k by tomorrow
>He bought BCH at $2500You have no one to blame but yourself.
lmao, muh flippening.
.
Dead cat bounce confirmed.
Let's bury this centralized miner shitcoin gents.
Bithumb is down, just hold steady.
When it comes back up the price heads straight up.
And Roger Ver hasn't even started selling his 45k btc that just moved to exchanges.
the bilderberger blockstream coin is even more centralized, the development team think centralization is a feature, just like long transaction times is a feature, just like high transaction fees is a feature
The Koreans are somehow still buying BCH at $2500.
Either they are stupid, they think we are stupid, or something fucky is going on.
As son as they figure out they are idiots and their pump game is weak, it's going to drop even more.
The gook pump is all that's keep it afloat right now.
It will fall to about $1200 tonight.
Get out while you can.
Bithumbits been up for an hour now, the koreans are just replanning the next pump, give it time.
damage control at its finestthis was a textbook PND, dead cat bounce, everything fits in.Let it go and move on
its 1500 on bithum currently
4317654XDD You people are patheticlisten to this guy-
no one but yourself to blameand the most insistent, non stop, pushy shilling the place has ever seen.quick reminder that pump&dump is a criminal activity.
We tend to forget the fraudulent nature of it around here.
buying this chink scam anywhere near ATHit's so easy to make money of you morons, it's not even funny anymore.
did you even pay attention last august?
https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/bithumb/then why hasn't cmc updated for 3h and has an asterisk by the bitcoin cash price?
why are my secondhand information feeds behindliterally just go look at the chart on their website
bchhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1vHRMeRszw4
BitCashCuck money will start pumping into Bitcoin Gold OP, you can salvage your mistake by getting in early on this wave.
>finally fomoed after looking at bcc at 900$ and bought at 2200$
SELL ALL YOUR BCC NOW!!!
I lost half my portfolio on this fucking retarded PnD fuck all you guysI'm just gonna sell everything for ETH and take a break
same bro im dead inside
China can only pump it for so long Its over for you I'm sorry
down 30% since yesterday I unironically want to kms
I lost quite a lot, but not as much as I could have.The good point is that I have now more XBT than I ever had.
And on yesterday's pump I got lots and extracted.
I suppose it's a win-win after all.
Just buy a non scamcoin (basically ETH or BTC or LTC) at loss, you'll break even soon enough
HAHAHAHAHhahahahzhajHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHhahahahahahahJjajajahHahaha*breathes in*WHOAHAJAJAJAJAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAAHHAHAHAHAAHHHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
I lost 13,000$ which was 1/3 of my stack, want to kms
Made some good dollars today off LTC and BTC.
All those cucks sold it cheap to ride the BCH P&D, thanks cucks.
Feelin ya bro, had a nice win then a smaller lost, got out in time but not sure if i should buy back in
You know what im staying the hell out, shoulda pick bitcoin back up ay 5900
ITS ON A WATER BREAKBIG MONEY STILL PUMPING
send me the remaining 26k before you do
Had some gains, then "buy high sell low"fml
Fuck off
I shoulda just rode the wave from the start, but u faggots had md pissing myself, so instead didn't sleep waiting for dips to buy and spikes to sell, fuck me
It's dead bro
haha yeah man it's everyone's fault you didn't make money, how about not being a stupid FUCK and make decisions yourself
No i made money, just could have relaxed alot more n just rode it and made alot more then i did thats all, learnt my lesson
>new coin>miss boat>feel bad>boat crashes>feel goodEvery time.