https://blockchain.info/unconfirmed-transactions168,000 and climbing!
so what?so far it's only you bctrashers crying about the unconfirmed txs, noone else gives a fuck,
I would imagine some of people who's transactions are in that 160,000, do indeed give a fuk
so what?fucked retardwe are here to replace fiatimagine this shit happening to VISA, they would be fuckedFUCK YOU BTC FAN BOI
Hi, Roger here, with my friend Jihan.
We are pumping the shit out of BCH.
somone make a new meme picture
Telegram channels for better profitstelegram.me/DvaPump Free buy/sell signal.
Let's maximize profit in altcoin marketD.VA Profit table—-------------------------XMR 25%BCH 10%BCH 10%BCH 15%KYC 8%ARK 15%BCH 10%BCH 8%BCH 9%BCH 10%

It was that high during the ETH """flippening""" and it recovered
yea, I'm sure your btctrash will replace fiat, there is tons of shitcoins with better performance
Like it or not all this incident proves is that Bitcoin Core can't be the way of the future.
We need a crypto where bullshit like this won't happen.
uhhhttps://estimatefee.com/currently there's a $12 fee to get your bitcoin transaction done in 4 hours.But for $18, you can have it done in just 20 minutes!
169K unconfirmed txn20 txn per secondHold shit.
ITS HAPPENING!!
!Its gonna crash and burn.Get in here.
Good thing Core 0.15.1 was released to solve this problem.... oh wait, it didn't solve shit coz they don't give a fuck
it's a store of value you moron>inb4 no it isn't HAHAHAHA muh store of valueyes it is, and people buying btc treat it as such, it's still easier and faster to transfer than gold, meanwhile bctrash is just a rip-off used by some greedy gooks
IF people use it as such.
What in a get rich quick market isn't the case
why is no one selling btc for litecoin?litecoin is the solution to so many btc illsbtw BCH is having the same issues as BTC with unconfirmed transactions... sent BCH yesterday to a friend and he's yet to receive it
Newb here.
What are unconfirmed transactions?
And what are the implications?
Just use ethereum you retard
This.
Ethereum can handle 10x more transactions than Bitcoin Trash.
BCTfags and BCHfags are arguing which piece of shit is better at being shit.
4320189come on man, please try to be less abrasive with your posts.
4320343It's because there's titanic bitcoin farms, housing bitcoin ASIC's, which can ONLY mine Bitcoin.
Gemini is on ice.
The most prestigious exchange can't even be used.That's it.
There is no recovering from this.
BTC is fucking done
Crypto was a mistake.
>pump BCH>tell my slit eyed friends to mine BCH>spam the bitcoin network>brainlets suck my dick and yell flippening>mfw BCH difficulty skyrockets>mfw 200k+ transaction money is waiting to be reaped>mfw im jihan>mfw i just got richer
replace fiat by centralizing blocksize so niggers can buy on-chan coffee while killing the store of value property in the process>implying actual BTC whales will ever allow thiskek
keeping btc on exchangesyou are the mistake
People can't sell when the price is crashing.
BCH fags blown the fuck out with just one picture
>all those BTCuck holders being smug 3 days ago when BTC pumped>they aren't so smug nowNormalfags always lose.
sent BCH yesterday to a friend and he's yet to receive ityou fucked up
replace the right side in ur picture with off-chain transaction solutions
I don't give a shit about "off-chain" transactions you dumb subhuman.
Bitcoin will not "scale" because it doesn't need to.
Bitcoin is for the 1% to move their money from Panama and Switzerland into the capital B blockchain in a decentralized network, which physical laws require that it is 1) not fast2) not cheapFor it to be decentralized.If you can't afford transactions and waiting for them to complete, fuck off to BCash or any other pajeetcoin of choice.
You can either do that, or secure yourself an elite position by holding 21 BTC while it's still affordable.
Bitcoin is for the 1%They won't be the 1% for much longer if they still hold Bitcoin.
lmao kill yourself
WHY DID I LISTEN TO YOU GUYS AND BUY BITCOIN AT $7500 ?!?!?!?!!!!??
?