https://medium.com/@axorkro/royal-kingdom-coin-rkc-is-a-big-scam-cf597b6f213a>I was directly threatened by Serge Uvarov, that if I caused any damage to the company, a few men would come in front of my door and my data would be distributed.
A few hours after the public of his threats and the like Serge began to change position, he dismissed the screens as fake and fake.
Now, experienced Telegram users know that with Telegram + everyone can see their unique ID number, this means that each account has a fixed ID number that can not be changed, as opposed to the photo and the name.>Difficult questions or annoying questions are immediately removed and you are thrown out of the group, they try to dismiss everything as spam and fake.
They are desperate and are now threatening, beware if you are an investor and try to sell your coins, do not criticize them before you secure your coins and do not let them stand on Venturekingdom!
lmao their websites look like they were made by a kidhttps://www.royalkingdomcoin.com/https://www.royalkingdomenterprise.com/
>DubaiWhy would anybody ever even consider falling for this sandnigger shit?
So seeing as Royal Kingdom Enterprises has given a whitelabel exchange to ArabianChain (DBIX) and will be gaining 20% profit from this deal which they will distribute to RKC holders monthly along with other projects which give them revenue, then that leaves some serious concerns.DBIX, ArabianChain is also a scam.They are in direct partnership with Royal Kingdom Enterprises.
Currently sitting at $10, there's going to be really upset people if this is true.We cannot have a legit company doing business with a scam one can we?
Either they're very gullible which leaves them credibility issues or RKE are very good con men.
Or they are both scam companies.Which is it OP?
b-but muh ArabianChainWas that supposed to be an argument for or against RKC?
Have you seen the PalmEx page?
There's nothing scammier than it.
They literally can't even make their banner picture fit in the screen.
The links to social media pages are just part of the picture and don't even work!http://www.palmex.ae/>which they will distribute to RKC holdersHow?
They don't even have a CFO yet.
>Which is itBoth scams.
No question about it.
Why would anyone consider buying this in the first place?
Maybe go warn the pajeets elsewhere, this is some nigger-tier looking shit.
LMFAO only noobs pedaling in this, even a child can see that this is a big scam.
Arabs and Russians, bad repercussions.
You'll find Americans are bigger scammers than most, remember the crash of 2008?
Belfort?
Madoff?Yet here we have burgers blaming Russians and Arabs.If you feel uncomfortable in investing than that's fine, but keep off the slander unless you have concrete proof.
Burden of proof, faggot.