HOLY FUCK THIS IS GONNA BE BIGPartnership with the United Nations!!
Ethereum already has a partnership with the UN- it wasn't that big of a deal nor did it contribute to a price rise.
a telegram post>MOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOONNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
I'd bet 1 ETH you're also this faggot in the telegram.
HST confirmed for New World Orderpay respects or be jailed, plebians
Look.
We are all looking for adoption, right?
Well, here it is.
HST is doing great things and is getting great news.
There is soon to be the upcoming UN news and then by Christmas the "big" news.
People can FUD all they want but i'm sure it's just people with nothing better to do.
There are coins out there that will have value being added to them in the short term: HST, POWR, MOD.
I can see this coin heading back to .001 in the coming weeks.
Well what kind of partnership then?
HST and UN partnership will be purely commercial, because the UN's gonna need to buy the HST tokens to use their voting platform.This isn't some kind of bullshit partnership which is only talks.
This HST-UN partnership will involve money, and the HST holders will benefit from it.If you want to fud, attack the idea and the content.
You sound stupid by attacking "a telegram post".I'm not, now give me my ETH faggot.
Even if I am, what's wrong?
Every coins are shilled on biz.
You just have to be smart enough to be able to differentiate between a good coin with potential and a useless shitcoin.
Confirmed shill
Lmao you're all acting as if this was the first time you saw someone shilling.
It's ok guys, you don't have to jump in and ride the wave.
Stay poor.
UN is the most useless organisation in the world.
Like it matters...
stay poor
If there was a partnership with the United Nations, he would literally have never even bothered to mention the Huffington Post.
The fact that he did means the UN news is incredibly minimal.
Think NEO announcement small when everybody expects Chinese adoption.
I don't give a fuck whether it's United Nations or Pajeet Nations or whatever.What I care is MONEY!And the UN has MONEY.
A lot of money.
And those money will be used to buy HST tokens.Are you medically stupid, anon?
Were you dropped as a baby?
sounds like a salty NEO bagholder kek