Are you fucking stupid?
Buy Powr NOW.It's a fucking miracle that I stumbled upon this coin while trolling plebbit.
It's the best investments you can make and I have moved a quarter of my worth into this coin (about $110k).
This coin will either make me a million or push me into the crypto millionaire status level.
Let me explain something to you guys-The days of mooning for no fucking reason or over rumors are over.
People's [fairly large] investments in DGB went down 2500% over a rumor, which is fucking hilarious but also very sad, which is why we won't see that shit anymore.
Crowd psychology is adapting and events like DGB leave a bad taste in everyone's mouth.What's next?
Real world application.
We've left the hype phase and now investors want to see implementation.
I think even WE'RE sick of hype pumps that go nowhere, because for those of us who don't get lucky with exit points, we get left in the dust.Enter Power Ledger.
Holy fucking shit.
Do not listen to the FUDers on this one, you might actually KYS if you don't invest in this.
It's currently trading at 25-30 cents and it will go a dollar within days to a week then 10-15 dollars within 6 months.
People always make the mistake of entering when it's too late, don't be those people for once in your miserable and uneventful life... make a win for yourself.1) Powr has a partnership with Origin Energy, Australia's largest energy provider, they also service NZ and India.
This is not a rumor, it is an active partnership.
2) One of the team's founders is the deputy mayor of Perth, which is the capital of Western Australia.
She has a PHD, multiple masters from Cambridge.
Look at her linkedin- https://au.linkedin.com/in/jemmagreenThis crazy bitch is heading power ledger.
Think about that for a second, I know it's hard to image her level of accomplishment when you live in your mom's basement and subsist off hot pockets and have brain damage from too much fructose corn syrup, but she is not to be trifled with in the world of academia.
I trust her to make me a millionaire, she has a top tier academic background, finance, and public service experience all to her name.
Sergey can't even control his own weight.
Disgusting.3) Tesla will announce a partnership with Powr.
The Powr app (yes they already have a working product and support systems such as apps) are designed to work with Tesla's home battery and car charging stations... Power Ledger will be the link between Origin's framework and Tesla's home batteries.
Yes, they are still in talks, but if this goes through the price will instantly go above $10.4) They have become a government backed crypto- 'nuff said: https://medium.com/power-ledger/australian-government-awards-grant-to-8-million-project-in-the-city-of-fremantle-using-the-power-2dbadfad50aeHere are some tv reports on it:>https://youtu.be/1Vd36T44h-U?t=4m20>https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-6H4_59W1oY
How is it a miracle that you found this coin?
It gets shilled here everyday also don't you look "recently added" on CMC regularly?Weak shill
In conclusion, if you do not buy this coin you're literally going to kill yourself in a month when it goes 25x.
Please, PLEASE do yourself a favor for once and don't buy shitcoins like REQ or Chainfuck.
I know you hate yourself and constantly want to sabotage your own attempts at success because daddy hits mommy but you don't have to live like that.
You can change.
You can be better.
Your life can change for the better.I'm going to become a millionaire off this coin and feel good about helping the world while I do it.
Join me.Remember- Strong team, working product, government backed, Tesla/Musk involvement, revolutionary application of block chain technology, profitable for private and public sectors... most importantly, it's being used RIGHT NOW.Good luck biz bros, make the right choice.
I'm whiter than fat Sergey's pasty slovenian ass, there are no pajeets here.
shut up fag just because you hate money doesn't mean you have to ruin it for others.
You shills made me sell.
No Elon confirm.
Powr is overvalued now because of you idiots.Fuck off Chad coin.
No shit Elon hasn't been confirmed yet, if it was you would only be able to afford 3 Powr coins you fucking poor fag.
You sound really desperate.
There is still time to triple your money with NEO, you know?
I own 4k neo coins.
How many do you have?
billion coins T. Brainlet
Unironically this.
How the fuck /biz/ can talk about Chainlink all day and shrug off a coin like POWR is beyond me.
If any one of you autists can point me in the direction of any other up and coming coin that ticks as many boxes as POWR I'll suck up an entire glass of your nut
this
I don't care if I sound desperate, I speak the truth and you know it.
I'm going to be a millionaire from this coin.
Cap this.
You convinced me to sell half my LINK..Thanks, I guess
But but MUH MOON RIGHT NOW THIS INSTANTMost people here don't put their money up for more than about 5 minutes, and only at the highest when their FOMO is strongest.
More like 10x
by the way, the power ledger team actually markets their coin.