Explain to me why you aren't holding HST right now
B-but I am..
Im fucking bagholding atm
.5k @ 18c comfy as fuck anon1
I am, Cryptopia and Kucoin listings upcoming plus one more unconfirmed exchange and working with governments, 2 big client announcements end of the month.Oh and 6mil MC LOL, easy gains to be made this month alone.
ED link?
https://etherdelta.com/#HST-ETH
Anyone not holding is an idiot, don't do anymore favors by posting this OP
What do you guys think the price will be by the end of the month?I bought in at 0.00090, should've sold at 140 and bought back in now at ~65 but oh well.
WTF MY LINK IS GONE YOU BASTARD AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Because it's shilled on /biz/ and everything shilled on /biz/ is curry nigger bullshit
.00019
will this bad boy reach 2$ by end of month?
I don't think so.
But ~$1 might perhaps be in the cards.
But this depends on the exchanges it gets listed on.
Exchanges won't make this moon, the partnerships next month will
Relax, HST is 6 DAYS old.
There's still a huge room for growth.
Rome wasn't built in a day.The third one is Livecoin.
Client announcements will be made in December, if I remember it correctly.$2 would be too optimistic.
$1 by EOY would be very possible though, as this project has a very good potential.I've been shilling this for a few days.
No one paid attention to my threads kek their loss.
The three exchanges are confirmed as Cryptopia, Kucoin and Livecoin.The Kucoin listing is going live this weekend, telegram announcement in image.
x2 tomorrow anyone?
all stocked up for the exchange listings now, feels like i bought the bottom and still knocked the price up quite abit.
I'm not gonna sell if it goes x2 or x3 on Sunday.
Maybe take initial investment out, but I've grown to like to project and would like to stick around.
At what price did you get in?i.e.
What does 2-3x mean for you?
is it too late to buy this shit before it hits exchanges?
It's cheaper than it was 3-4 days ago.
As good of a time to buy in as any.
oh baby we're holding, we are holding strong in here.
gearing up for a hst pump too https://discord.gg/tdNw5Vp
Because I have no money left and EtherDelta is fucking awful
But I am