I CANNOT be a wagecuck when im older, even if it was a well paying finance job which is what im technically aiming for in college right now.
I need to do something else, so im trying to get rich off crypto.
Crypto, besides starting my own business, is my only hope.
Anyone know this feel?
Same, the tought of slaving myself away for someone else’s profit is pretty dreadful Would rather want to run a shitty franchise than slave for wage
She looks good with some weight
same bro
I thought the same some years ago and did both - I got into BTC and started my own company.
I recently had to get up early for a meeting and when I looked at all the wagecucks who have to get through the morning commute every day, I realized just how good my decision has served me.
10/10 can recommend.
what company did you start?
Same here.
Still in Uni, cryptogains will help me kickstarting my business as a freelancing engineer (Material science)
interesting, what kind of work do you do as a freelancer engineer in Material Science?
Local IT services.
Nothing fancy at all.
But we're debt-free and not depending on external investors.
What country?
EU
Coatings or, more general, corrosion / degration protection and monitoring.
Could be anything from critical infrastructure to memorial / monument maintanence.
Huge potential here in Europe since every fucking city is literally an open air museum
just focus on creating your own businessesi mean i guess its not for everyone but I'd rather make half as much money working for myself rather than working for a shitty boss.
Plus I found when you work for yourself there's just so much built in gratification, you can work longer hours/weekends, deal with stress, and not really mind much because it's "yours", you know you're building something up, it feels so rewarding.Whereas when you're working for someone else, the overtime, stress, dealing with annoying coworkers/bosses, it's extremely burdensome and draining, it takes a huge toll.
At least that was my take on it.
Will never work for anyone ever again under any circumstance.
Like I said I'd rather make $50k/year working for myself than make $200k/year working in an environment I hate for somebody else.
I would stick my tounge so far up her ass..
do you own a business?
If so what industry?
My plan is to get enough money together for a sprinter and then convert it into my full time living space.
12k should suffice for the car solar and everything else.
When I eventually get there I will have enough time on my hands to learn programming and read a shit ton of books.
I'm working in construction right now and have about 5k in crypto which I can't use for the van.