I mean...this shit doesnt even need to be shilled.
and you still do it, I wonder why
it's up from 6000 to 7500 in less than an hour....
>missed the powr trainHopefully it tanks tomorrow so I can buy in
HAHHAA YOU FUCKERS.
IF YOU DONT GET IN NOW YOU'RE A LOSER.
Because I want your money.
FUCK I SOLD MY 100K POWRS AT 6990 AND IT WENT TO 7500, I KEKED MYSELF OUT OF .6 BTC IN GAINZ, I SOLD TOO EARLY
Weak hander.
I'll never sell my mommy bucks like you.
You literally disgust me.
It's not done.
You're going to really regret selling at all.
Im waiting for it to dump 6-6k to get back in, goddamit such a stupid mistake, why do i suck so much at trying to call the top
I think its forming a new base now around 7200 from which it will continue its upward run, so now would be a good entry point
MOOOMMMYYYYYYY
Uhhhh, hate to break it to you, but it's an inverted head and shoulders pattern (look at 15 minutes view).
It's never going back to 6k ever again.
how high can this pump go?90?
You better hold.
This isn't your typical shitcoin that you want to flip.
You might be kicking yourself in a few years if you toss it now.
Fuck me i think youre right, pls go back to where i sold so i can buy again
This.If their model takes off Australia wide, which seems to be entirely possible, you're looking at $1500 a token.
Just buy now and don't look at it for a week.
It will be well over $1 by then.
I'm guessing it will be $100 in 1-2 years.
This shit will be bigger than ethereum.
I can taste it.
theres an ultra aggressive shill thats spamming this everywhere on biz.
im starting to think that he works for y combinator
https://medium.com/power-ledger/australian-government-awards-grant-to-8-million-project-in-the-city-of-fremantle-using-the-power-2dbadfad50aeOr they could be working for Westrn Power, or the City of Fremantle, or Murdoch University, or the CSIRO, or Curtin University, or Cisco or one of the dozen of other organisations working with POWR to disrupt the energy retail industry.
I hope you're not letting a random pathetic shiller withold you from some sweet gains
The next powr moon mission is here and it's called QSP you've been warned.
This is your chance to get in PRE-Fomo.
Take a look.just got listed on binance.
Sorry to say but head n shoulders confirms 7500 as the top for this run, i will def buy the dip and im not selling next time till it hits a dollar, then im riding the waves
I panic sold at 5900 and am currently drunk and tasting metal... JUST
 billion coins
Lol i almost did the same thing but i knew coin is super solid and didntwhat is market cap
Well dear sir, if you can taste it, let me by 100k
Biz bro.
Remember me when you stand on the moon.
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
https://etherdelta.com/#0x42d6622dece394b54999fbd73d108123806f6a18-ETH2nd chance
quit selling you fuck boys
bought in at $.20 and again at $.38Hope i'm not stuck with bags, this is my first alt coin.
This is beyond addictive, the dizzying heights, the screaming lows, it's too much.
WHat will happen next?
Any advice you wish you could share with yourself starting out?
4482588wew laddy
I just went all in.
FUCK NEO!
welcome to the suck, brother
You either sell early and make some or sell late and lose some, there is no in between.
Take your little profit and be happy otherwise you'll lose money.
lmao at the reddit AMA, what a shitcoin
For You and Me Brother.
We are gonna carry these bags all the way to the moonhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oIscL-Bjsq4
4482838LOL, literally the worst time.
Most of the pump for POWR is done for at least 12 hours and NEO is going to start pumping in a few hours.
powr will be mooning soon
It doesn't stop there.
There will be many moons in the next year.
Take my advice.
Do not fuck with your holdings in this coin.
The only thing you should do is acquire more with the dips.
This is the most likely coin to see 100x gains in the next year.
Indra Sistemas