------- Thursday Night Crypto Lounge ------->Tonight's music:https://youtu.be/N-GFJ7FGEok>Tonight's topics:-- Is Dragon Slayer just FUD or a cause for concern?-- Bitcoin Diamond, first shitcoins...now shitforks?-- Trading strategies moving into the weekend-- Current ICO prospectsSit back, relax, and enjoy tonight's music.Remember...every loss is a learning experience.
Don't make the same mistake twice.Keep the shitposting to a minimum, this thread is for constructive conversation.
There can only be one.Tonight BCCrash will tankVer and his gang will be successful in tanking Bitcoin tomorrow.ETH will go to 1000 and all will bow to the king.
What makes you think ETH will win over BCH and BTG?
BCH already won.
It pretty much bootstrapped bitcoins worth by changing the block difficulty period.
That being said, I'd like for BTC and BTH to both go up.
OP...this music is comfy af right now.I’m thinking of going all in on OMG right now.RSI has been stable, and it looks ready to pump.
ETH is breaking out above a historical $400 point of resistance.
It's a matter of when, not if BCH attacks the bitcoin chain again.
It has been an entire month since the first attack began, and tx fees still have not recovered.Back when bitcoin survived its first cloggage, fees peaked at $3 median.
$3 median fees are now the FLOOR.ETH is a major trading pair on every exchange, can be bought directly on coinbase.
Investors have options, and when they see their beloved bitcoin tank 80%, they'll wonder why they should flock to a cheap imitation.If not, I look forward to watching BCH's blockchain grow so fast that no one can afford to run a node.
fomo'd POWR at around 92 cents yesterday.
It shouldn't take too long for it to recover considering how much is going for it though right?
I sold before yesterday's dip.Waiting for another crash to buy in again.If it plays out according to plan, it will be top 5 by the end of 2018.
I don't know anon.
But is an 8 million grant for a company with no working product worth $1,000,000,000 in market cap?
I only have .5 ETHThinking of buying more next dip but at this rate I'm scared it'll keep going up
damn, I've been thinking of selling mine but I have doubt since there could be a major price spike in the next few weeks.
I just want some more OMG before that happens.Im holding 900 OMG
Hmmm, thats a tough call.
Without new news the price will only drop further.
I'd try and find out if there are any future plans for POWR that may spike the price a bit.
If not, I'd cut my losses and walk.
Waiting for another crash to buy in again.hoping this doesn't happen before it bounces back to $1 resistance so can unload and don't have to go back to the HODL life.From what I've skimmed about the project they seem to be worthy of the investment as a means of trading electricity, I recognize that most of the pump was due to hype but it seems pretty legit to me.reasonable, if this falls into the 8k sat range I'll probably suck it up and consider it another fomo lesson learned, otherwise I keep an I on it just in case I get lucky.
Great music OP... helping me relax and think3 weekends of BCT/BCH back and forth cannot be good for Crypto in general.
I'm just glad Crypto has gone full mainstream yet.
If this civil war crap happens a year from now, everybody loses in the long runWeekend strategy... follow the dragon slayer / BTC vs BCH crap.
Not quite sure how it will effect everyone else.
I do think ETH may benefit.Looking very closely at IOTA and MONERO... not sure if I should take advantage of dips now or just sleep on it (wait 12 hours) and re-evaluate Thinking a lot about BAT & NEM/XEM lately... wondering if I should invest a littleOh and David Hay seems like a nice guy...
Im just calling a dip, because even if the coin has great potential, if it is an altcoin it will most likely dip without upcoming news or a working product.
I learned that lesson through OMG.
Yea, this music is perfect for thinking.I just went all in on IOTA during the flash crash a second ago.Managed to buy in at 92500 sat.
Nice...
I think I'll get more now too.
Last time I slept on it, I woke up and it was almost a dollar
RSI is at 15, wayyyy over sold right now.
This is going to rebound harder than a 13 year old with ADD.
Hey OP.
Great music.
One day that'll be my real life lounge.
I only have about 2k in the bank (college student) and after about a month of lurking on biz, I decided to buy 650 USD worth of btc on coinbase.
Excruciating 9 day wait-- supposed to get my btc on Nov 30.
I have experience day trading small cap stocks but I wanna get into long term crypto plays.
XMR seems like it's the future, and I'm watching IOTA and POWR as well.
Is POWR done or do you think it is a legit long term play?
I don't know that much about IOTA.
Just started reading about it today.
Whaddaya think?
POWR is a legit long term play, IOTA is uncertain.Interest in IOTA is beginning to dip, but it's worth checking out.Higher risk with lower volume coins, but greater opportunity for reward.
I like the idea of "xyz night crypto lounge".
Are you holding any POWR?
Also, do you have a kid/whatsapp or something?
I'd love to have someone to talk to.
Plus I like your taste in music :p
i never see anyone talking about ico's in these threads.
everyone jaded?im looking at trade.io right now, i like the name and the team seems strong.
has everyone already hit this or am i missing some redflags?nice music
I think everyone has shill-overloadvaporwave rules
I'm holding POWR at the moment as 25% of my portfolio.
And I'd prefer to keep crypto conversations out of chat apps.
The only ICO I am in is Spectre.With ETH going up, it might actually work out well, as they’ll burn some extra coins and haven’t raised as much so far as the project of this potential should raise.
Post ICO winter is perhaps a good time to ICO.. some great ones lately.
not jaded, ironically just inexperienced.
How do you even get in in ICO's?
plus don't they normally crash pretty hard right after they ICO?
Haven't looked at trade.io... what are the takeaways and value propositions?
im actually trying to investigate some ICOs myself.
Never done one before, and Im a bit nervous.
I really want to find a 10-15xer
Clearpoll did.
POWR, SUB we see the juicy results.
I like Spectre.Just don’t let your choice be next Confido.
They did when the bubble burst.. projects overpriced themselves and printed too many coins.. - Monetha, Tierion, some ok projects that just got too greedy and the market timing was wrong.
Now, ICOs are more balanced with their coin prices, and ICO’s are profitable (the good ones).
bch is failing to pump because of bitcoin diamond
what are the takeaways and value propositions?well if you buy 2500 you get to be part of liquidity pool (10% scaling up in tiers every few thousand)but thats 2.5 ethreally, i have no clue if its any good.
plus trade.io shills are in full force thanks to their aggressive social media bounty nonsense.
so its hard to find any good discoursejust looking through linkedins for now and comparing to other exchanges
45345284534362Have you bizfags heard of SpankChain?
They just finished their ICO and are available on EtherDelta.
Looks like a rather promising coin with a decent team.
I've watched the CEO read through whitepapers from other coins on YouTube and he seemed to know his shit.
Check them out and let me know what yall think.
I haven't bought any yet but am highly considering a move.
>tfw 2020 sat = 1 HJ>I strap shimmalong on my dong>We're shitposting on the immersive web>your giving me a handy as we watch bullruns>tfw
kek
This dragonslayer thing has me antsy.
I'm all in on BTC right now but the buy wall for BCH on Bittrex is fuck huge.
I'm pretty sure the price is going to rise through weekend but I'm too much of a newb to trust my instincts.
Should I all in on Bitcoin Cash?
I don't care about politics just want to turn my $5000 into 10.
BTC will never die because reasons.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qJh6EQ5gv7g
Hey guys.
I just want to raise my concern about our community, particularly our crypto community.
Remember last time when Bitcoin isn't way too hyped and 1/4 of us understands what it really is?
Remember those times when we always believe that our money is really our own and the banks don't own it?
Remember when we are excited to see money being transfered at high speed around the globe without any middle men?
Where are those philosophy now?
Are we really making this banking revolution fail?
Where are those cypherpunk who are passionate to make this world a better place?
I'm just worried about our future, guys.t.
I miss you, Satoshi Nakamoto