Shit is going down.
I am thinking of converting half of my stash to fiat, or going balls deep and take it all out.
What to do?
Fuck off NSA
sage all government shills
just buy a safer coin.
no need to hold btc right now.
just buy monero or eth with it
Looks like it.
I converter quarter for now, thinking about half as well.
Shit looks very bad.
buyThe whole market would go down, are you crazy?
be less of a faggot
im 100% out
Invest in DEXs like BTS/WAVES etc - they'll explode if the FUD over Tether/Bitfinex is true.
4482639Thanks NSA consensus cracking proxy, I just sold all my bitcoin and bought government backed bonds
yeah, sure.
don't forget today though, this is the day when you decided to be poor.
awesome man tether conspiracy was pushed by NSA shills like you since 1200
welp good luck with your never ending party and avoid the fucking obvious man with a gun in the room
its not a conspiracy and its really happening.
tether manipulates the price.
w-well goodluck m-man it's gonna end s-soon>muh musical chairs simileOkay NSA
alsotether only manipulates bitcoin>tether is paired against monero and ETHman, tether NSA shills are really this stupid or genuinely retarded nocoiners
hmm nothing but ad hominem we can all clearly see who is smart money here, and by we I mean I
Amazing, because I just destroyed you, cunttether is only used to manipulate bitcoin!!!
!Atleast get your story right and not criss-crossed like your eyes, inbred
as you wish.
Huh, so does tether manipulate all currencies involved, or just bitocin, NSA inbred?
I'd like you to clarify for the future shill threads you're coordinating.
bitcoin is the only coin that matters in this market all others are tied to what happens to it.
I am 100% out and will think about coming back in when bitfinex gets an audit and becomes transparent with their skullduggery.
So>bitcoin is the only coin that mattersHuh, amazing.
So tether isn't used in any way except to pump bitcoin is your claim?
Your evidence being?And try not to lazily slap up the same nsa template information that means nothing.
I mean, wheres your 90 billion dollars of free tether that accounted for bitcoin's rise in the last 10 months, if it's all manipulated.
Also, how much of this goes into ETH?
Is ETH entirely unmanipulated?
How do you keep track of what is a dirty tether?
do you know what a dirty tether is?
You know who the smart money is?
Everyone one didnt completely cash out at $1000.Sadly Bitfinex'd, the retard behind all this conspiracy nonsense, is not smart money because he sold everything at 1k expecting another mt gox tier crash and has been upset literally every single day since then because he was WRONG.
He even asked Bitfinex for a refund and was told to fuck off.I wonder why he could be trying to fear monger...
Possibly why...
just buy a safer coin.
no need to hold btc right now.
just buy monero or eth with itI just moved shit to eth.
Will I be safe anon
4482790good night anons ;)
Except according to the NSA conspiracy theory tether is used to manipulate ETH as well.
I only asked the above to see if he had this story straight, because the tether kikes have claimed for months that tether is used to manipulate ethereum as well.
post more bitcoin-chan
NSAI've seen you in a dozen threads repeating this shit over and overYou are either very drunk or a schizo.
Either way please go
calling out obvious paid-for alphabet shills is badHow about you come suck my dick, honey
I think hes just had a bit to drink and is having fun with all the fudders
or maybe 6 months straight of MUH TETHER is enough to piss even me off