near my house there is a car dealership overflow lot with around 30 brand new 2017 pickup trucks.
these trucks cost over 40,000 USD each.
What's stopping me from getting a tow truck and just lifting up their drive wheels and hauling them to a hidden barn in a rural area then taking my time to switch out / re program the ignition?
then i buy a wreck truck of the same type and switch the VIN of the stolen truck with the wrecked truck
Absolutely nothing There are no cameras or security or gates or police or anything like that
jesus
there are no security gates or police.
It's literally just a gravel "field" behind a building.
Yes there are prob cameras but i'll just cover up the license plate of the tow truck?they might have a live team watching the trucks though?
so break all the security cameras then the next night steal the trucks?
I will, that is illegal
You have the right to remain silent.Anything you say can and will be used against you in the court of law.
You have the right to an attorney.
If you can not afford an attorney, one will be appointed to you.
Do you understand these rights as they have been given to you?
Alarms.GPS trackers.Security.Police.The act itself being highly illegal.You dumb fuck.
somebody broke all our cameras last night>no big deal, 6 pm, time to close up and go home
i can just use a cell phone jammer to block the signal to the trucks "black box GPS tracker" until i have time to remove itokay so they see me on camera stealing the truck.
still won't be able to stop me
If I got such opportunity near me, I'd go for it
you might as well skip the trucks and just pickpocket the security guards
pretty smart honestlyjust make sure to pop the hood and disconnect the battery cables before you tow it anywhere so that if there is an active GPS it won't be traceable, then bring in your techie to find/disable the GPS before you reconnect the battery.
i know of people who do this for a living, dozens if not hundreds over the last ~8-10 years and absolutely no trouble whatsoever, never even been questioned about it.pretty much same exact deal as well, unsecure lot, brought it to a rural property with lots of empty barn space, did the work there.
just think it all through, have a plan ready, the right techs/mechanics (or know it yourself) and do it quick, this isn't the kinda thing you want to draw out over months and months.
the guys i know do full turn around in a few days.
You have no fucking idea what you are talking about with automotive theft at fucking all.black box is the immobiliser of the vehicle.
First generation you could burn these out by turning on the reds for 45 minutes.You cannot simply swap over a ignition barrel with new key and door locks anymore, the immobiliser and everything else is linked back the computer by VIN and key numbering for each key.I don't know what type of new trucks these are but usually every new vehicles vin is under the windscreen along with a host of other places that can't simply be cut and shut.
Every other part of vehicles these days is also coded and numbered.If it's possible in your country steal the vehicle, strip the vehicle, dump the vehicle, buy the vehicle shell back from auction and put the vehicle back together with said parts you already stole off it.Most agencies have counters against this also.>Used to be a professional car thief.
how do i pop the hood without damaging the truck though?
i think it would be better just to use a high powered jammer to block the GPS radio signal
ya you can use a jammer as well just make sure its tested first and you keep it active at all timesif they trace it to the location where you're doing the work you're beyond fucked.
in fact make sure there's no ties at all between you and the location, no rent agreement, no friend or acquaintance that will rat you out.
damn thats a nice pici love short girlsgot any more?
If it's possible in your country steal the vehicle, strip the vehicle, dump the vehicle, buy the vehicle shell back from auction and put the vehicle back together with said parts you already stole off it.holy shit this is next level genius >take out all the expensive parts>buy the stolen vechical legitimently >plug the expensive parts back in
over a ignition barrel with new key and door locks anymore, the immobiliser and everything else is linked back the computer by VIN and key numbering for each key.no manjust have a pre programmed ECU/BCM and switch out the locksit's easy as fuck.