See pic related?
It's the "3 MINUTE CHART" for Bitcoin Cash.
When you confirm your green candles are turning red you sell (wait to confirm).
When you confirm they're starting to go up, you buy.
Keep swapping between BTC and BCH as necessary.
Look at pic related.
Look how simple this is.
You basically can profit as if none of the red bars are there.Go to this site:https://www.tradingview.com/symbols/BCHUSD/Click "Interactive Chart" Select Heikin Ashi chart style.
Have patience, each bar represents 3 minutes.
Flip between one and three minute charts as needed.So many of you are being JUST'd because you don't know very basic methods.
What do you consider a “confirmation”?
This is actually one of the most horrendous pieces of advice I've seen on /biz/If you don't know what you are doing (ie.
this guy), don't trade.
A black bull pressing his powerful seed into a white goddess to produce a beautiful caramel child.
that works until it doesnt
Listen I can sit down and explain about volume, market cap, etc but itd be a novel nobody would read.
Simply getting someone to a chart often leads to them figuring out the fundamentals via their own investigation, especially if they move to a platform like SureTrader, etc for stocks.
So what happens when you buy, candle starts going red, you sold, and instantly goes back to green (that is, the min/max of the candle)?Like  said, this might work for a bit but then it's just not going to.
In the long run this is a dumb as fuck way of making money.
You're very kind anon.
Leave you address here, if I make money tomorrow I'll send you some as a token of appreciation
worst advice ever, buy high sell low on 3 min chart, and fees eat all your money, there is a reason he cut of the right axis.
it really irritates me when newfags start reading about forex trading techniques and instantly believe they're trading gods with an infallible planfucking off yourself, you type like a brazilian monkey too
sides just got rekt
Sorry about the stupid question, but if I had some BTC in my blockchain.info wallet during the BCH fork, but then moved those BTCs, do I have to use the new BTC private key to acces the BCH or the old one?
If it is the old one, how do I access it?
Fees eat all your money.25% fee on 3% gainlol
0.25% feeWhat exchange though?
Nvm I see the bitfinex thing
Turned 0.081 BTC into 0.135 BTC doing this.It works.