how do i long me never having any friends/gf and staying home every weekend?
You always got biz anon
Why not join some local clubs involving your interests anon?
How rich are you off crypto
implying thats not the best way to spend time>implying women or friends will do nothing but drain money you could be shoving into cryptograss is always greener.
i dont even like fucking her anymore
damn
it's over rated man.
Invest in yourselfgo to a brothel if you're hung up about sex
Start doing stuff out your comfy zone.
But I guess trade crypto.
That works well.
how do I short my hair?
I literally have no interest.
I'm already 30 and feel hopeless.
No friends.
No social media.
Nothing.
I work a good paying job but i get no joy out of anything.i have about 35k in crypto and another 25k in bank.
Jobless, no gf, dislike most of my "friends"A couple months ago when my crypto game was strong I was cashing out, going to clubs alone and having a blast.
Now I'm broke losing more and more money every day and crying myself to sleep..
My wife is a fat fucking cow I hate the bitch, Only thing that keeps me is my wonderful handsome son.
Try and get wealthy off crypto, quit your job and travel the world.
Meet different people and cultures.
Come back home a new man with a new perspective of life.
Maybe even find a new home while traveling.
Let your wife be a fountain of blessing for you.Rejoice in the wife of your youth.She is a loving deer, a graceful doe.Let her breasts satisfy you always.May you always be captivated by her love.
hmm...
I wonder what it would feel like if I somehow got a turbo-Chad son when I'm a neet.
Why those pillows looks like tits?
You are not missing anything OP - trust me.
I have had many girlfriends - many regular friends - just find one or two people who will do things you might enjoy.
Women = Good for sex.
Everything else is a meme unless you find the one you love.
Friends - they are cool - but you are cooler.
so you fuk your son instead?
>goes down a little
All you need is me, /biz/, nothing more.
Thats been my life since 12th grade 6 years ago
DO YOUR KEGELS OP, EVEN IN THE DARKNESS YOUR MANHOOD CAN SURVIVE AND THE DAY YOU RETURN YOU WILL STILL HAVE THE GOODS.
Same but since 9th.Honestly, it doesn't matter after awhile.Make some good friends online and you're set.
I literally have no interestjesus you lazy fuck.
Not a single thing in the world you find interesting or fun?You are the perfect slave, enjoy your slave status.
I have so many hobbies i can't even find enough time to do them all.
never a dull moment.
All you neets got seriously fucked by your parents letting you turn into lazy shit birds
he'd fuck your wife in front of you and bully you into suicide
have gf>she wants me to come over all the time and all I want to do is trade crypto and browse 4chanIt's not worth it, lads