Why is this in freefall
because I sold at 340 and it doesn't have to keep mooning anymoreI deserve some luck after forgetting a daytrading SELL order on BCH at $400 on bittrex
Vitalik needs money to rebuild the neverland ranch
because pedo
Because BTC is rising, duh.
Watch it fall back down to its real home.
>freefallthats just bitcoin increasing in value, and we all know that eth only cares about its usd ratio330$ is the new floor
down 1.77% >in free fall>up 5% since last weekO.O Anon you want me to take those ETH off your hands for 50% price?Feel free to send me some ETH0xBfD660a6879FC1071629e94daDC4549519a6761A
bitcoin rally.
earlier than expected then again the projected rate is 8k by end of november
floorlmao it'll be 300 by the end of the week
fucking kek.
Because Monero is enough to buy CP in the deep web, we don't need ETH too.
>freefall
Because it's founder and the devs outed themselves as stuttering emotionally and intellectually incontinent pedo defending commies in last few days.
Because everybody realises it's a piece of shit because nobody has fucking time to review a shit load of code every time they want to trust their money to a contract.In theory it is a good idea, but in practice you can't trust anything to it because it takes the smallest fuck up in coding, which apparently happens as regular as fucking clockwork, for people to lose hundreds of millions of dollars at a time.Yes it's POSSIBLE it would work, but the reality is that it fucking WON'T.
Computer bugs continually get found in the most mission critical software in every application around the world; you really think people are going to want to be throwing money into this shit long term with all the bad news that surrounds it regularly?Bitcoin succeeds due to its simplicity.
Ethereum is way too fucking overcooked and suffers enormously as a result.https://medium.com/@clayspace/why-ive-lost-my-faith-in-ethereum-c62ddedfd98c
I grew weary of the moon talk, so I got myself 1 pedocoin last night simply because it was 337, just for the 2003 lulz.
1 @ 337 get it?
hrr?I wanted it at 333.33 but my plan was foiled.> only buys in at cool, for-funsie numbers
Doesn't it take a few days for "news" to propagate to the market?I was wondering why it started pumping the other day...
freefallnoob detected
errr..... it's been stable between 300 and 350 USD for fucking months.... what the fuck are you on about?BTC goes up - sat value of eth goes down, BTC goes down - sat value of eth increases....it has literally been like this for fucking ages
@295 hereyou can go through the archives and compare FUD here to past FUD and correlate it with the price and how they've been doing it.
They're shaking out weak hands, maybe.
They FUD, price goes up.
What the fuck are you talking about
Because I bought some.
OH SHIT THE PEDOS ARE DUMPING SELL SELL SELL POST ALL YOUR PINK WOJACKSHey OP it's me your cousin Vitalik I'll buy all your ETH at $250 each.
He's talking about smart contracts.Do you even know what Ethereum is for?
O.O

state of /biz/...
0xB82525B4665378bc6Ed5c6dC485D2c1F4f6e2499If anyone wants to get this burden out of their hands
everybody realises it's a piece of shitBAAAAIIIIIIITTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT
BTC going back up, coupled with the face of the whole thing declaring his undying love for noncing.
They're just trolling.
There's no problem with ethereum itself, it's the retards like the Parity wallet developers who don't know how to code properly.
half ass code that loses money in network fuckups everyday, a pedo and an abo supremecist developer team.
want to buy?
icos dumping their bags at a high price because they want usd not shitcoins