Don't you faggots realize that you should sell all of your crypto for fiat right now?You cannot have a digital currency that efficiently works on a decentralized scalable blockchain.
To be efficient the blockchain must be centralized which defeats the entire purpose of crypto.
People are just starting to realize this.
Maybe smart contracts or something like that will be the future of crypto, but the dream of a decentralized digital currency is dead.
Sell.
t. One of the luckiest guys on the planet.
Bought 590 btc for $2.00 a piece in December 2011.
Sold at 6500 and never looking back at any of this.
Decentralized oracles
man will never fly>man will never go to the moonand so on
Honestly haven't even looked into link enough to even argue about it.
The only alts I've ever followed are ETH, DASH, Monero, and namecoin back in the day, and I've only ever bought ETH.Ever since I sold some BTC in 2013 I've been working as a developer.
To clarify not a tech developer a residential real estate developer.
I basically have been buying houses and flipping them, and building houses and selling them.
Damn, this really is the "denial" stage of the bubble.
didn't even read the whole post but already know OP is a faggot.
hope you took the time to read this
>exit all crypto markets, the thread
It's easy to walk away when you're fucking minted, mate
I did, and I just want to let you know I'm trying to help.
4chan unironically made me rich.
I was introduced to Bitcoin through some neets on /g/ in 2010.
They were giving each other free btc at this point, just fucking around with the stuff, even tipping someone what is now worth thousands of dollars.
I was able to buy btc with a combination of Christmas money and what I had saved up from my highschool job as a bagboy.
I bought 590 btc and sold some during the 2013 boom to partner with my uncle in his construction business.
At 19 I was his business partner and we were reaping the benefits of a recovering housing market, this whole time I was still holding hundreds of btc.
I'm rich now and I barely had to do a thing.
I haven't even went to fuckin college yet and I'm 24 now.
I think I have a good eye for markets and my uncle and I have decided to exit residential construction and return once another crash happens which we believe is in the near future.
I'm traveling for a year then going to business school so I can ender commercial development and real estate.
All because some neets on /g/ shilled me some btc in it's infancy when I was just trying to figure out how to build my first PC.
I'm giving back so listen to me, notice no one here can refute what I said.
I know it's very easy, but just walk away with what you have.
It's not going to get any better from here, at least not for a very long time.
Good luck friend.
/biz/ is now begging groundpls whale give me 1 of your BTC they costed you $2!1E6nX36mL6WjWp5KizyZmD7aek7b4V2Ue6it would change my life like those neets changed yours
I just told you I sold it all.
I'm done with this.
I was never a whale anyway because I was never much of a trader.
I probably made less than 10 trades in my life and the only ones with large amounts of btc were my first and last.
I'm out.
wow some fag who hasn't even gone to college thinks he's some sort of tech guru because he bought BTC at 2 bucksfuck off OP you are a fag
Bram Cohen claims he can do a crypto that's much more decentralized.
I'm gonna hold out and see what happens with that
You cannot have a digital currency that efficiently works on a decentralized scalable blockchainexactly.
IOTA is the future
IOTA's a good contender too
There is no solution to the problem I explained in my first post.
The whole point of all of this was to create a decentralized currency and it's clear that current blockchain tech cannot do that while actually having an efficient coin.
The fundamental principle behind Bitcoin, as of now and in the near future, is unattainable.
iota> decentralized
i have 500$ invested in btci think ill just leave it in there desu
Theoretically it's decentralized once it gets off the ground and the centralized protection isn't required anymore.
If that actually works I'd be willing to take temporary centralization for future decentralization
Could you buy BTC with a credit/debit card back in 2010 or did you need to make a bank transfer?
4335715I've looked into iota and I understand it has first mover advantage but I feel like it's only a protocol.
That without profitable mining it will never be worth much.
I feel like investing in iota is like donating to the free software foundation so they can develop communications protocols that are useful for a large swath of tech but isn't something that can hold value.
how did you convert so much to fiat?
I made about 200 BTC trading in the past 10 months and I've been converting 15k a week from coinbase.
What method do you use that is safe and reliable?
iota is a coin invented by some Syrian refugees.
Not having that one
I'm not really sure.
Mtgox was around back then so maybe, but I bought it from a UMass student for about $1100 and an 8th of weed.
He's probably looking at this post right now.
UMassMy hometown, nice
put your money where your mouth is and give me some btc then you larping faggot
hurr durr ive bought 1 alt in my days as a crypto expert, walk away now its ogre.
i honestly hope bad things happen to you
Kraken and gold.
Still in the process of liquidation myself and it's pissing me off how much it's dropping.
I started liquidating after the fork.
Taking the recent fiasco into account, I believe you're right anon.
Most people don't understand blockchain or the way the technology behind it works.
I have a feeling it's gonna be a while before a new form of digital payment that actually works exists.Anyway, if this isn't a larp, congrats on making it.
Thanks keep on bro.I was too occupied with work to trade I only bought ETH in March.
So you're just going to eat the taxes?
I'm in cali and I'll have to pay about half....
4334443Good job OP.
Whatever profits I hopefully make I will cash out for fiat before the house of cards fall.
Blockchain technology has its place, but never for a currency.
Good luck in your endeavors!
In MA and will have to eat the taxes as well.
Whatever, it's either eat the taxes or liquidate slower and lose even more.
Thanks you too.
There's still some intelligence left on 4chan!