Bittrex or Binance, which exchange do you believe is better?
When I started out most people used either Bittrex, Bitfinex or Poloniex and most euros used Kraken
bittrex is pump and dump scamming account lock on everyone with over 5,000$ fucking richiela and co buying all coin before they tweet it 10 minutes later dump on complete tards GARBAGE WEBSITE.
Bittrex is a scamBinacnce is a scamBitfinex is a scametc.That's what i've heard around here
Bittrex 0.25% on every fucking trade!
Go to your history and count how much you lost on fees!
Absolute joke!
Binance all the way.
Any non-actual-fiat exchange is scammy shady shit.
You havent learned to just hodl btc yet?
Since there are so many hordes of FUDing idiots, copypasting myself from other thread:Never had a single fucking problem with Bittrex.
It is my favorite exchange.
Easy and intuitive to handle.
I fully verified within like 3 hours.
That FUD is just retarded paid idiots from other exchanges I suppose or crying pajeets who don't wanna verify their shady accounts.So many other exchanges already made problems, like Poloniex "forgetting" 10 XMR, HITBTC not letting me withdraw.
About that shitty pathetic excuse of an exchange Kraken we don't even have to talk.Bittrex is just one of the best.
you cant deny this but bittrex interface is top notch everytime i use binance i want to hang myself
I find Bitfinex UI the easiest, and the site the fastest of those you've mentioned.
Binance is painfully slow for me a lot of the time.
Bittrex is ok I guess.
Go for OpenLedger DEX.
RUNE , SHUT ALL OF THEM DOWNI think COSS will be your best bet, guys
top notch?
the charting is horrific
All exchanges are shit.Only ED is ok, as it is not a centralised exchange.
Sometimes aI even ask myself if it is an exchange at all.
Ppl gonna tell you they lost money on ED, but if you havent given your computer aids, you gonna be okIf you look to daytrade tho, Binance is your pick cas 0.1% trading fee, which you can reduce up to 0.05% with BNB if you are a whale manipulator.
Bittrex has 0.15-02.25% fee.
I like buttered but they don’t add new coins.
I moved half my stack from them Binance recently.
Same here actually.
Volume is decreasing, but buttrex is still okay.
COSS was literally created by a known scammer.
It’s the worst offender of them all.
Binance is smoother.
Don't trust it much because it's chinese and seems to have crazy amounts of bots.