who here /bought under 1k/?
this is literally like time traveling back to the beginning of the year and buying BTC when it was still in the triple digits, because BCH will be known as BTC by the end of the yearyou dumped your bloated corecoin, right anon?
Didnt dump yet :(
FEELS GOOD MANEI CANT BELIEVE IT - THE BIG FISH IS GOING BELLY UP!!!
THIS IS IT BOYS!!!
Bought in between 750 and 800usd price.
After the flippening I can finally make up for what I lost on shitcoins in 2015 and be set to buy a house if I want.Not that I'm going to do that.
I'm going to try to get lambo rich.
Besides the tax code in my country is beyond fucked for cashing out of crypto (not due to high rates but because I can literally go to jail for not remembering the addresses of wallets I had in 2014 just because they were a part of a series of transactions that ultimately led to the gains and big brother needs to know every single detail).
>tfw got a chance to buy bitcoin at sub $1000 this weekthank you based anons
Besides the tax code in my country is beyond fucked for cashing out of crypto (not due to high rates but because I can literally go to jail for not remembering the addresses of wallets I had in 2014 just because they were a part of a series of transactions that ultimately led to the gains and big brother needs to know every single detail).whatwhich country
deluded nucoiners
Sounds like burgerland
Norway.
In practice they haven't fucked anyone over yet like that as far as I know and have just let them do a simplified "taxing what you took out of crypty minus what you put into crypto."
But the actual law requires you to have logs of every goddamn trade and every gain you made on every trade in every year.It's laws that were made for non-crypto commodities and currency trading that just don't make any sense anymore.
I'm pretty sure professionals in traditional markets avoid it all by having a personal company.
It's unrealistic bureaucratic bullshit that tries to "make sure no one evades tax in any way somehow at any cost".
In the end, investigating probably causes them more lost than funds gained.They are going to get pushed by the EU to get simplified tax reforms concerning crypto though, it's only a matter of time.
They're just archaic as fuck and don't give a shit because they're normies who don't understand effective governance.
Fuck me I'm Swedish we probably have a similair system.
I hope I don't end up in jail, I'd much rather just pay a flat percentage on all my winnings, even if it was higher
4304148>tfw you won't even need to cash out of satoshi's vision of an electronic cash network by 2020 when you can buy anything with BCH/BTC
problem is that they might consider every single transaction a taxable event
They already do.
i mean shitcoin to shitcoin, not talking about any fiat
>got in on btg >got out at 14kfeels so fuckin good