I'm excited, I got in early and got some TIO yesterday for $0.08.
If you're wondering what TIO is, it's a strong project by a german team, with a strong community.
There's only 450k in supply and they'll be on coinmarketcap next week, price will definitely get $1 to $2, when everyone else wakes up to their listing.
It's not too late if ur wondering.
Impatient fools are selling below $0.1.
Smartest way to flip $50 to $1,000Do your own research follow this link and find out more 
this is the same guy who replied to his own post yesterday.
literally no one is dumb enough to buy into this scam.
give up pajeet
What's the point in putting $100 in btc or neo and waiting for months only to come up $130 if could put it in strong altcoin and go from $100 to $2,000 in a week...
Poor people have a mentality, they'll never listen and never research.
I'm pretty sure ur one of the fools who bought neo yesterday thinking it would get to $100 and lost.
Do some research bro, read...
Just incase you didnt know, the best time to buy into any coin is not during their ICO or after they are listed.
It's BEFORE they're listed on the coin market cap.
Everyone else jumps in to buy and Those who bought before the listing sell
Stay poor faggot
According to a representative on BitCoinTalk, CMC rejected TIO because they didn't meet the minimum volume.
Yep, they had a strict price control policy and most people who invested in their ICO are not interested in selling their Tokens anytime soon.
because obviously read the roadmap, why trash it now.
And their team were unwilling to fake pump their own coin.
But they've been doing good volumes in the last 48 hours and their representative did say they let CMC know about it so, so they're def going be on their now.
Even though I'm into long term gains, my strategy is about doinf opposite of the crowd is doing, and it works for me.
If everyone's selling, I want to be buying and if everyone else is buying I want to be selling.
@ Anon, you use bitcointalk too?