Are money and good sex enough for a hot woman to stay loyal to you biz?
good sexwhy do pajeets always post white women as their idealfuck off and fuck one of your own kindpic related
No, you need Chad's face, frame and cock measurements.
Aka cards dealt at birth.
Money is cope.
if your a cuck asking those questions they will cheat on you.
ToTheKitchenSince the Weinstein affair I'm stuck to missionary with my wife
I don't fucking know.
Just hit the gym Anon.
I am not a shitskin you fucking polfag.
Dont you losers have any other way than dehuminizing other races to feel good?
Wtf no there’s so much more to it than that you shitlord.
If you treat her like a princess and give her everything she’s ever wanted and let her be in charge and don’t get mad when she’s been snapchatting her ex again, then you get 2 whole blowjobs a year and she definitely won’t get fat and then when she catches you texting that new chick from finance she definitely won’t divorce you and take all of your money and make your kids hate you and use your money to hire a personal trainer who will make her skinny and hot again while he’s fucking her and then he definitely won’t leave her when she hits 40 and she definitely won’t come crawling back and you definitely won’t take her back again because you’re totally not a beta faggot.
dehuminizing other races>implying other races are even human
oh okayin that case il give you some advicealways listen to your womans opinion, but never base your decision on it
Good sex alone is enough.
If you need money, then the sex you're having with her is not "good".
fucking the trainerGod bless soccer moms
what the fuck is>good sexthis is how i know you're virgins
no
a hot womanDepends on the woman and circumstances.
Usually, no.
If she stays loyal it's because she has a long time horizon and isn't tempted beyond what she can bear.
If she's a bible thumping homebody in rural idaho, she's much more likely to be loyal than an agnostic feminist who goes out with friends for "drinks" in manhattan.Everybody gets somewhat bored after a few years of the same person even if you are Chad J. Thundercock with 100 billion dollars and amazing charisma.
You will get bored of her too even if she is smoking hot.
New people seem more stimulating and attractive.
Just how our brains work.
If she can delay gratification and say "no" to temptation, then she'll be loyal.
If she can't, she'll cheat.
you won't be bored if you've something/people in common with herthe more, the longer entertainment will last
Good sex happens when you are able to make your woman release oxytocin, a hormone that has critical role in pair bonding.Go back to pol you fucking brainlet.
Smart people accept all humanity and turn this understanding to cash.
Nope because all it takes is for her to pick up some book marketed towards women about her "spiritual awakening" and then she'll start to complain about how you are suffocating her spiritual soul animal and then she'll go fuck the pool boy.
loyalty???
?u asking too much.
Smart people accept all humanityGo live in a non-White or Asian country and see how long you enjoy accepting all humanity you liberal dipshit
No you need harsh punishment and the fear of god as well
t. got his dick wet by a few sluts in college and a hooker or two, thinks he knows everything about womenThe world is divided between those who can please their woman and those who can't, and the latter group will never be able to peek behind the curtain.Protip: if you're not getting tired of it before she is, it's not because "women have lower sex drive".
Good kitchen > Chian short enough not to leave itLoyal
money alone is enough mah boi
All you need to do is give her good dick, but I doubt you can do that.
Just fuck and dump.
Smart people accept all humanityEh>and turn this understanding to cash.LOL thats why multinationals never exploit third worlders LMAOYou've clearly never lived in a Middle Eastern or Asian country for a few years kid.
ahahahaha this is how i know you're a virgin too
nothing to do with sex tho
Yeah.
Until she finds someone with more money who fucks her better, or at least fucks her better, in the latter case she'll keep the money guy around while getting fucked on the side.
tfw small benis:DDDD>you will never be able to make woman crave your dickwhy even live
No you need to satisfy her emotionally or she will find some other way.
Literally the only way
can't into women>can't into idsLike clockwork.Do yourself a favor, lurk more.
Give it a couple years before posting again.
as in your second comment cuntwadhahaha>durr i think i know how to use a mongolian basket weaving forum better than other people, therefore i know womenfruit
no, you need a personality.
These women want to be entertained and have fun their whole lives.
Just money isnt enough, they want to spend it to.
If you just sit in your basement all day and make money, she will leave you for someone with a more exciting life.
Thats why women are attracted to men with big money and high power, but also people like drug dealers.Ya, they really are this retarded
4300642Why are you samefagging?
There are no certainties in life.
Accepting humanity doesn't mean living with them.
When britain became a colonial empire, they started focusing on anthropology and cultural differences, their accumulated knowledge in this field helped them turn their subjects against themselves, manipule them and profit off from them.
Hating and alienation is what brainlet plebs do to feel little sense of superiority.I dont get what you imply.
I see dont dont get what I imply either.And I lived in middle east.
I traded in middle east before all this shitstorm began.
They are more redpilled and alpha than any of you whiny little beta faggots.
Kind of.
Money is important, but you cannot actually be married, so she is 100% dependent on you, and you can drop her back into poverty at any time.
And good sex isn't about stimulating her as much as possible, it's more about being as dominant as possible.
She will probably cheat on you eventually, and then blame you for it.
In order to delay that you would have to keep her away from the shear decadence of society.
Living in the middle of nowhere, always being with her, or having her live in your house are probably your best bet.Confirmed for not being manly enough to stand a chance with women.
They will walk all over you, and you won't realize you're getting fucked over until you're already destroyed.
And I lived in middle east.
I traded in middle east before all this shitstorm began.
They are more redpilled and alpha than any of you whiny little beta faggots.Then why are there hordes of beta single muslim cunts littered all over the West?
All bark no bite