Invested 1K into crypto in September when BTC and ETH were at their ATHs.
Two days later they correct and I loose 20%.
Since then I tried diversifying into NEO, ARK, BTC and OMG but my holdings just fluctuate between 600 and 700 USD.
All the forking bs with BTC has also fucked me up.
Any time i get gains, they all get wiped out by a subsequent dump.As soon as I heard about the NEO news I went all in and am still HODLING.
Planning to do this till before the news announcement.
Can /biz/ help me out?
And do you need help on what?
Holding?
Just don't sell until it hits Jupiter.
just learn to hold your memecoins for at least a few weeks retard.Day trading is for computers.
diversifying with a 1k portfolioJesus christ anon
Invested 1K into crypto in September when BTC and ETH were at their ATHsBTC has already hit two ATHs since thenWhat the fuck are you doing
Its been two months and i've made nothing thats what
don't be stupid pt everything on ETH and forget it for 1 month at least
I held for one fucking whole month and all my portfolio did was go down
Stop trading important money.
If you're this emotional, you will lose always.
You young neet fucks need to be aware any crypto is a volatile risky investment.
Spend your fucking allowance reading about the history of the stock market.
You fucks have no idea what you're doing and I'm scared for you
Ah holding is a meme with alts unless you're constantly checking what's going up/what's going down.
You need to sell into the maelstrom.
When you are holding BCH or BTC and the price of what you are holding is going up and the price of the other is going down then you need to sell.
It will cause you fear because you will want to hold the coin going up and you will not want the coin going down but you need to sell the upswing for the downswing.
Then, you need to do the same when the trends reverse.
Can't do this?
Then start taking cold showers every day until you have the balls!Then expand on this.
Find other coins that seem to swap back and forth and play the same game.
The more you split this up the better.
If you are playing 10 different reverse waves then if one of them fails it isn't as painful and if you are doing it right you will end up on top despite holding a few garbage coins that don't pull out of the nose dive.
Anyways, in the short term BTC and BCH are fairly safe coins to play against each other unless some big announcement comes out that kills one of them they will both continue on a gradual upswing.
HODL monthAre you retarded?
Seriously
Is one month too big?
Just keep the money in NEO for at least a few months, it will go down, it will go up but you shouldn't pay too much attention to this.
You have to look at the bigger picture.Same with Bitcoin or Ethereum, maybe it went down 20% right after you bought but look where they are now.
Go all in on LINK?
stop right there.
buy link but not now.
at least you didn't lose everything.now, keep a majority in btc and start trading around 200 into alts ONLY when btc tanks or dips.
don't buy into alts when btc is mooning like a mofo
I read somewhere LINK is getting released in Q2 next year so maybe around February next year I should buy in?Also I'll get out of NEO couple hours before the news and hold BTC for now
NEO confirmed gold
50% ETH10% BTC10% LINK10% NEO10% OMG10% SALT
Can't do this?
Then start taking cold showers every day until you have the balls!Act Like Lotus Magneto Cult Leader and you will be rich lad