Ok, I've been holding BTC for 7 months now.Bitcoin Cash is a meme right?
It's not going to kill BTC?I remember they were saying the whole "flippening" bs for Etherum also.Is the BTC BCH flippening fake news also?
This is the third time a BCH 'flippening' has happened.
It does seem more likely this time, but still not assured.
If it does kill BTC then I'd like it to kill itself off too so better coins can take their place
Bitcoin held from before August can be used on either chain so even if BCH wins, you're good.
BCH is taking a poison pill in hopes of killing BTC, but it is very likely BCH is going to die with it.
Better hedge with Dash.
No one gives a fuck about dash
Any flippening event will forever alter the crypto market, as legacy bitcoin holds less blind faith.
Although technically speaking BCash is closer to legacy bitcoin than the current Segwit bitcoin.
In any case a flippening will be determined on fundamentals and not entirely brand name.
At the end of this mess the entire crypto market will explode as merchants and others find themselves needing to deal with alts more often.
No one gives a fuck about dashNo one give a fuck about your bitcoin drama.
Everyone is interested in money, not Satoshi ideology.
At the end of this mess the entire crypto market will explode as merchants and others find themselves needing to deal with alts more often.The one good part about this whole mess.
Let's get a decent PoS coin too so PoW can fuck off
I remember they were saying the whole "flippening" bs for Etherum alsoETH flippening was pretty close though, wasn't a fake news.
You know, at first i was skeptical as i only lurk here for some months but now im sure a really good way to make money is doing to opposite of what biz says.
Im serious.
It did get very close ,what people don’t realise is that if the “flippening” happens it’s going to take down the entire crypto market with it ,confidence in bitcoin will be destroyed for a long time
Etherum's Flippening didn't make sense though because ETH is controlled different and serves a completely different purpose.
idk if something like ETH could every Flippen a currency crypto.