Shill me biz, I want to know why this is your most sacred coin.
Because they’re retarded bagholders.
Dont touch.
Nope.
Ive only been buying the lows.
How am i a bagholder?
Exactly.
Don't touch unless you want to get burned OP
it's just a meme dude lol, don't waste your money on a meme.
How embarrassed would you be in hindsight?
Avoid, its an erc20 shit token in a sea of erc20 shit tokens.
People calling it a first mover are deluded.
It has no product, no partnerships, no business.
Its nothing but speculation based on a problem that isn't even applicable to the market place yet.Imagine being sergey:>retards hand you 32 million, enough money to never have to work ever again, without having a working business model or even a team behind you.>realise building a business is hard, and without actually having any financial incentive to complete the work, you rest on your laurels and eat donuts and hamburgers all day.>occasionally show up at conferences to quell the army of despairing bagholders, each time looking progressively more obese and sweaty.>Die eating hamburgers on the toilet like elvis, but outlive all the chainlink bagholders who have committed suicide decades ago.
https://pastebin.com/6xcsc2jRWon't bother replying to those shitposts
Oh linkies.
What would the world of cryptocurrencies be without you?
What do, we owe the honour.
The promise of Link seemed promising at first.
The premise of 'rent free' was surely innovative and ahead of its time.
But, as time showed us, this coin was nothing more than a pump and dump that inadvertently created the most deranged community of bag holders known to man.
A community that incessantly screeches "rent free" whenever they feel threatened, which is very common.
To be a linkie is to be deranged.
Having lost everything, whether it be your house, marriage, wife's sons college money or life-savings surely takes a toll on the mental serenity of a linkie's mind.
Slight threats critiquing the developers of Chainlink sets the common linkie into a state of neurosis that can only be cured by euthanasia or the eventual revaluing of this godforsaken currency.
However, once the price reaches 10 cents, the value will continue falling.
This crash will be catalyzed by the fact that thousands of wallets will be lost as a mass suicide of linkies will cause the price to dip even further.
Don't be deranged, don't be a linkie.
You know our suffering too well.Suspicious...
why do you waste your time spewing this shit
It's the idea that a bunch of 4chan NEETs might become millionaires.
I can live with losing money, but I don't think I could live with missing my seat on that wild ride.
Yesterday I read some potential fud that binance has some transfer trouble.
Should I rather buy from Mercatox if I want in on Link?
ITS LITERALLY FREE MONEY IRL CHEAT
Only brainlets unironically buy ChainLink