I'm trying to build up my twitter: twitter.com/lambolydiaSo let me give you guys one of my best tips.
Yes Powr is great and will hit 1B market cap within a week or two, but Aeternity has the potential to make you 50x within a year or less, it may possibly overtake Ethereum shortly after that.Aeternity is essentially ethereum+chainlink+raiden, with it's own state channels acting as it's "raiden network" (while solving "muh oracle problem"Raiden is designed to work with many subcurrencies whereas AE's state channels are not.
Not having to operate between subcurrencies means that AE can process all channel transactions in a block simultaneously.I've done a lot of research on this coin and it's extremely solid.
Trolls are going to bring up the parity hack and "muh Zach quit!"
but don't listen to them.This coin is the ethereum killer.
They can both exist in the space because ETH is more of an alternative to BTC now rather than ground breaking tech.
Every problem that ether has and is trying to fix with chainlink and raiden is already solved in AE.So yeah.
Go Powr and AE.
Powr will hit $5, and while you're enjoying those gains AE will begin to move.
AE may go 50x to a 10B market cap much, much sooner than you think.
Get in before AE's mainnet.
Follow me for great tips in the future.-twitter.com/lambolydia
AE on binance?
no offense but if you're too stupid to go to coinmarketcap and find out where coins are trading, then you should probably exit crypto before you lose everything.
Thanks for finally saying it, it literally takes longer to post the question here than it takes to just go cmc.
Fucking retards out there I swear
faggit4519924
how much have you made in crypto?
just wondering, i follow you on twitter btw.
Can someone shoop a cock onto this?
I don't want to be specific but I've cashed out enough to buy a condo in NYC and quit my job.
I will cash out half of my portfolio every time I hit a certain number.
REEE stop telling everyone Im waiting for the dip!But seriously do you think it will dip back to 8000sat first or just buy now?
i will follow you on twitter and your every word IF YOU ARE HOT.
Please post photo.
send bobs
Honestly at this point any entry point is fine.
I do not go for +/- 10s 20s 30s or even 50s percentage wise.
I go for the 5x, 10x, 20x, and hopefully one day the 50x.
So I would go in now, and even if it dipped I wouldn't care because it's a long hold.
Longer than ANS but shorter than ETH I think.If you try to time the market, you'll most likely get burned.
People still lose when they have an army of trading bots, I don't think the average person has a chance beyond sheer luck.
I just find relatively unknown coins with massive potential and invest heavy into them.
why are you giving away your strategy if it's so great?
shorter than ETHWhy would that be if you think it is better and can overtake it?
Because I genuinely enjoy trading crypto currencies as a hobby, and, I know you're going to find this REALLY hard to believe because you live in a basement, have never accomplished anything in your life, subsist on nothing but hotpockets, and hate yourself, but I like to help people.
Yes, it's true!
Some people help others because they have generous hearts.If you make a lot, which you will by following me, you will learn to become generous yourself with your resources, which in my case is information.
Usually the greedy, spiteful ones who hoard everything are poor people, not rich successful ones.
thoughts on ASTRO?
I meant that the amount of time it'll take for AE to moon will be longer than ANS took but shorter than ETH's time.
send proof of funds
Just a question, On your twitter, you say you're an American, but your twitter location puts you in Italy.So which is it?
Absolutely not.
You will not goad any personal information, net crypto worth included, out of me so don't bother trying.I don't know much about Astro, haven't looked into it because there isn't enough evidence of it's worth, and low volume is very scary.
I usually invest at least 25-40k into any coin I purchase, and I don't want to be stuck if I need to exit quickly.
Sant'Agata Bolognese is where Lamborghinis are manufactured.
Just a tiny nod to the oh so sacred Lamboland.
I like you.
Ok fair enough.By the way what do you think of the claims that LSK and NEO/ANS will do well in the near future?
Thoughts on Req?
Okay, a fitting reference haha.
I'll do my own research and due diligence about your recommendations, and i'll invest if I like what I see.Kudos for making a rational and legible post, in a forum full of "MOON LOL BUY" posts, yours is the rare exception.
I'm trying to build up my twitter: >twitter.com/lambolydia>So let me give you guys one of my best tips.
Yes Powr is great and will hit 1B market cap within a week or two, but Aeternity has the potential to make you 50x within a year or less, it may possibly overtake Ethereum shortly after that.>Aeternity is essentially ethereum+chainlink+raiden, with it's own state channels acting as it's "raiden network" (while solving "muh oracle problem">Raiden is designed to work with many subcurrencies whereas AE's state channels are not.
Not having to operate between subcurrencies means that AE can process all channel transactions in a block simultaneously.>I've done a lot of research on this coin and it's extremely solid.
Trolls are going to bring up the parity hack and "muh Zach quit!"
but don't listen to them.>This coin is the ethereum killer.
They can both exist in the space because ETH is more of an alternative to BTC now rather than ground breaking tech.
Every problem that ether has and is trying to fix with chainlink and raiden is already solved in AE.blablablablablabla
Neo is going to be even bigger, these weak announcements are kinda gay though.
Not sure about Lisk.I have no idea what it does, the shillers were so awful though that it made me subconsciously hate the coin.kys right now, give you parents something to be thankful for today.
you're absolutely full of shit.
anyone in their right mind will not take you in any way seriously.
ok, stay poor.
All you’re doing is pumping your random shitcoins.
Go fuck yourself, faster money in the pink sheet market if your only goal is to manipulate potential easily influenced retards with money.
aeternity and powr are far from shitcoins.
if you want to act important and be a even bigger faggot than you are now use a tripcode and become a tripfag you fucking shitskin
Check it out and share your thoughts on ur twitter.
4520770
looking over the markets available im not signed up for any of them, is there one in particular you guys recommend?
But what about their one and only developer leaving and security exploits held randsom.
The dev was shitting on the company.
I wanted to invest in AE months ago until I saw that shit show.
Where are they now?
backtoreddit
possiblyDoesn't really bother me, Zach leaving doesn't really change the fate of AE in the slightest.
What's important to me is that they 1) have a solid plan 2) are able to execute it 3) that the resulting product is going to be viable on the marketIt's going to compete with Eth for all the reasons I said, and it's much more scalable.
OP, what's your opinion on Vechain?
Good hold for 2018?
Fucking hell this shill is back at it again
I'm not sure, had my eye on it for a while.
I may buy in but here are a couple things I don't like about it.1) Their marketing materials suck.
You have to do some digging to even find out what Vechain is supposed to do, which is not assuring.
They overload you with unnecessary complexities from the get go which is sure to turn off a lot of investors, almost like some nerd trying to prove how smart he is to you which most people find annoying.2) Like Walton, the tech IS actually kind of confusing to understand where it's place will be in the real world.
Blockchain is one of those things that everyone is trying to squeeze into every industry so they can launch an ICO and make millions.
Not everything needs to incorporate blockchain, some industries are better off without it.
For example, I won't use tenx or monaco ever because they have no security systems in place for you.
What happens if you lose your card?
Are they going to freeze your account for suspicious activities and block purchases before they happen?
Will they refund you if fraud is the case?
Of course not, all those crypto cards do is give a criminal a direct link into your wallet.
Not a good idea to me.But yeah, with Vechain I'm not sure.
If you're going to move on it do it soon.
It feels like it's building momentum.
If I go in I will go in with 30k and post on my twitter when I do.
I'd say there's a 60% chance I'll invest in it.
OP, gonna follow you on twitter.
I feel like you'll be able to help this poor college student out.
Thanks.
One more thing: Omisego has a lot of hype for 2018.
To me it's justified along with POWR.
Your opinion?
FOLLOWED
Who is that girl?
etp>doesn't follow @ETPWhale
Can I be your boyfriend?
I know already know ETP is one of the best holds in cryptoI hold a somewhat decent amount of OMG.
I look specifically for real partnerships and long term viability.
Like I've mentioned before I think day trading is for small fish and suckers, nothing beats a 10,20,30x moon.The market cap is very high already, it'll need something major to move it up more.
Safe hold I think though, but not something I'm planning on making a lot of money on, and if I need to liquidate coins to jump on a new investment opportunity omg is on my go-to list.
Is SALT an obvious moon in December?
YR MOMMA, IN 1997
You are a clever pajeet I’ll give you that but there are 2 problems here:1) the fact you’re STILL trying to shill POWR at this point shows you’re an idiot.
That party is over.2) a “better” Ethereum comes out every week.
What you stupid sand niggers fail to realize is that with dapp platforms adoption is everything.
You can improve the tech, you can’t make developers and corporates adopt and build on your platform.
That’s why ETH will always dominate and this turd coin will be at zero within 3 years.
Op asking for a bigtime favor.
Currently poor student holding $900.
How would you invest it?
(Plan on holding through 2018) Getting some shitty jobs to make some extra cash on thr side as well
Followed.-startaleTV
I’ve already gone all in with HST, once I make my 10x is AE a long term hold or one with big news coming out?
Not big on Salt.
It's an interesting concept at first glance but not something I see surviving long term or ever hitting critical mass adoption.I didn't do a crazy amount of research, but fundamentally, the numbers don't add upThe salt token trade in thing doesn't really make sense to me, and the fact that they do not clearly describe what happens if your collateralized asset depreciates significantly really bothers me.Ok so I take out a 10k loan on 15 BTC at $8k each.
I spend all of my 10k.Normally, if I were unable to pay it back, the lender would just keep my collateralized asset because duh, that's what it is there for.
But what if BTC crashes to $2k for some reason?
Now their collateralized asset is only worth 3k, and I owe them 10k with no way to pay it back.
Do they sue me?
Send collections agents?
I have no money so what can they do?
Seems like a bad business model.Lending and banking like this only works when you have very stable assets, things that spike up and down 30,40, 100% in days don't make for good collateral for obvious reasons.I GET that they're plan is to maintain such a large positive balance that they don't need to worry about my described scenarios, but it just seems kind of silly to me and impractical to employ in the real world.Also, if salt ever did actually pick up steam, you can bet a big bank, or all of them together, would step in immediately and crush salt by accepting crypto as collateral as well and having lower interest rates.
Seems like a pass to me.
Yes Powr is great and will hit 1B market cap within a week or twono it won't.>may possibly overtake Ethereum shortly after that.no way it will.
But nice try, pajeet.
Go shill your p&d twitter somewhere else
Depends on what your goals are and what risks you're willing to take.
Risk and reward are correlated.
If you want to make 2-10x fast an ICO is your best bet, but if you pick the wrong one they can fuck you.
I've been heavily researching ICO's the past couple of weeks.
I will post on my twitter which ones I am going to invest in, have 3 chunks of cash ready for upcoming ICOs
My goal would be 5x in a year.
Will add about 300 extra a month.
So you seem to be high on ETP and POWR for 2018.
Either way gonna keep a close eye on your twitter.
Keep up the good work OP and thanks for the advice, helps me out a lot
4519735Oh Lydia, please tell me if Feenix.Tech is a scam.
The party is definitely not over.
Power ledger is THE best investment you can make out of ANYTHING you could invest in the next 4 month timespan.
What I mean is- including stocks, bonds, crypto, pokemon cards, vintage lambos, sports betting, silicon valley start ups, etc... anything that you could invest in.
It is virtually guaranteed that powr will hit 1+ billion market cap in weeks or less, which translates to roughly 4x.
There are many reasons for this, the most obvious being that it's a real product and revolutionizing something that people actually need revolutionized.
The team is incredible, etc.
I've said it a million times, for anyone on the fence about it please just go do even the slightest research on it and you will be convinced.I could write an essay on how Powr's success is tied to the current zeitgeist in this crypto uprising, and how powr brings balance to the disgusting greed in crypto which will only help it moon more, etc etc.
There are a lot of reasons.
Do what you want.
I was not big on Sia and Feenix seems like Sia's more retarded autistic cousin.Like I said, not EVERYTHING needs blockchain technology.
People are scrambling to start ICOs about anything they can think of.
I get it, you don't need any proof of anything you say and you can raise tens of millions, yeah, but that's not good for investors like us.
People get so "moon drunk" in crypto that they lose their wits and start throwing money at stupid projects.
What happens if pedos start using Feenix for CP?
What then?
Sometimes decentralization ISN'T the best idea.You don't want to be an old-guard luddite, but you also don't want to be a foolish dreamer who thinks block chain will suddenly take us into some futuristic landscape out of a sci-fi movies.
Basic business and logic still apply... always.
Aeternitywtf is up with the AE chart on CMC?
I'm relatively new to crypto so I'm also new to reading these charts.
Did token sale itself jump to $2 highs before it even launched on the main markets?Also the crypto market isn't very rational to me.
VTC is a way better coin to use than BTC and yet BTC didn't even lose an inch of ground after they CANCELLED the goddamn Segwit 2x.
So while I don't doubt a coin like AE is better than ETH, I don't know if I believe it can make it there.
Is there anything on their roadmap that makes you believe this?