I fucking warned you retards.
Intelligent whales will recognise that government support for a crypto is absolutely gigantic.
Pump is here you don't have long.
So many weak hands in here bought at 3450 and sold at 32.
Get back in before it pumps to ATH.
I've got a history of not taking profits when I could have, so I sold all of my POWR for 200% profit.
Its already up higher than when I sold and I wouldn't be surprised if it spikes even higher but I don't care, I finally made the smart decision and just took my solid profit instead of chasing waterfalls.
Easiest money I will ever make.
Hundreds of brain dead Link neets going poor on a speculative dead coin while a blockchain that IS ALREADY FUNCTIONING IN A USE CASE JUST GOT GOVERNMENT SUPPORT LOL
I live in Perth.Freo is a fuckwit left-wing beatnik council who would throw money at anyone who promised them windmill powered cars or organic shoes.
i bought at ath and gonna hold the fuck out of it
Smart thing to do.
Don't get greedy
Freo is a fuckwit left-wing beatnik council who would throw money at anyone who promised them windmill powered cars or organic shoes.yeah i have no idea why these imports keep putting money into this greencuckcoin
Sad but true
Elon in Australia for development of solar farms.
Government funding to a power distribution technology.
Just give up you've already lost if you can't put these two together.
Government doesn't give a fuck about this coin and whales know a Pajeet shill when they see it so why don't you choke on your own bags cos utility coins are for fags mate
This only works in Australia because were mildly retarded.
SA is a failed state (No offence SA Bro's I'm from there).
Made sure by the fact VIC is governed by fucking GREENS.. who have banned gas+coal production, despite massive reserves.But they still use it - so they buy ALL of QLDs spare domestic supply.Musk's solution was a complete joke.
And some hot political nonsense catering to the mightiest of neckbeards.
It would never fly in a capitalist country like the US.
Which is send evident.
Yea speculative pieces of trash that won't have any development for 6months minimum are a much better choice>muh mobile wallet>muh AMA>muh conference>MUUUMMMY WHERE IS MYY AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Honestly just talked myself into realising how successful POWR will probably be in AU.Just don't expect other counties to be so retarded and use this shit.
You realise the government has no say in the technology right.
They support it and fund it.
So many retards talking about irrelevant politics.
This technology has been given a green light to expand its ALREADY FUNCTIONING USE
Fell 5% in 3 days while BTC won 20 %.>no Powr for me
The government just granted a city in AU using the POWR platform, so it is obviously on their radar.