BCH is going back up - heres why:The backlog of unconfirmed BTC transactions prevented people from buying BCH while holders of BCH were free to dump.
Now that some of these transactions are starting to clear up we are going to see BCH price go up as new money enters
Now that some of these transactions are starting to clear up we are going to see BCH price go up as new money entersBut they've been starting to clear up since 10 hours ago and BCH has been on an overall downturn for that entire time
same thread 5 times a day, getting tired arent you?
bch will never recover unless jihan pumps again
let alone the fact that the massive Korean exchange both the Koreans and Chinese were using to drive the BCH run was (((shut down))), and that sole incident is the only thing that stopped the flippeninglet alone the fact that the fork upgrade hasn't even happened yet and once it does all the miners will switch to BCH permanently
First post - I only just thought this shit up now
Those BCH bags must be heavy as fuck.
You BCH losers just got conned so hard.
How's it feel to be a clueless idiot cuck?
Quit being a deluded fucking retard.It's going to bounce slightly on it's way down but nothing more than 10% it's going nowhere but down longterm, don't even try to flip this shit or you could end up holding a lead balloon.It's over bros, see you in a few months for the 3rd ""flippening"" when a bunch of newfags and new money are tricked into buying bch once again
buyyyyyyyyyy BCHJUST BUY MORE BCH TRUST ME PLEASEEEEEITS GOING TO MOON I PROMISE JIHAN WILL UNLOAD MORE FREE MONEY
Like shilling to you poor fucks is going to do anything to the price
LOL now BCH bag holders know how it feels to have bought BTC at 7500 HAHAHAHAGLAD I HAVE NIETHER!!!!KEKS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
But they've been starting to clear up since 10 hours ago and BCH has been on an overall downturn for that entire timelol no, there is still 13000 unconfirmed transactions at this very momentkill yourself shill
,000
BitcoinCrasHorBitCoinCrap?
little shitty exchanges like Tradesatoshi, HitBTC, Yobit and Cryptopia confirmed start adding BCH trading pairs for shitcoins.BCH going to pump today
BitcoinCHad
Thanks for buying me bags, loser.
I made a killing by first selling my BTC for BCH, then flipping BCH for BTC this WE.Yes, BCH will go up again, someday.
But first it has to fall a lot more.
All those buy high, sell low noobs have yet to realize the second part of their strategy to the full.
It's clearly not going back up, so idk what the fuck you are babbling about.
ThisJust let it go op, kys you already ruined a lot of innocent people's weekendEveryone sage and report pleaseGtfo nigger
Everyone sage and report pleaseredditor corecuck shows his true nature - censor all opposition to his centralized kiked bilderberger coin
BTC has 90% of the hashing power and is still fucking up transactions.
If not BCH then something else - but right now BCH is the best bet.Up $240 since posting btw