I've made so much money the last 5 hours in BCH.
Still 2 hours left before selling.
FUCK YEAH!
why 2 hrs?
Days*
Don't listen him, next stop is at 0.7Then sell and acumulate
Because I'm a conservative.
You want catch my ass in no god damn fuckery.
next stop is at 0.7Jesus dude you're gonna get fucked being this greedy
ThisDon't go to sleep, check the price constantly, don't get rekt like last weekend
The moment BTC starts to recover BCH tanks in response.
Just keep a close eye on BTC I say
Thanks ill buy next dip
interesting im in
Still holding from 0.235.
Knew it wasn't over
If you're not earning bank off this BCH vs BTC civil war... then wtf is wrong with you boyo.>figuratively speaking
vroom vroom
THINK ITLL DIP TO LIKE 1320 AGAIN?
tfw bought my BTC after the fork so never got any free BCH to play with
24 hour RSI hit the bottom and is now 10% higher on the move.
We're fucking going to moon.
remember to watch the bithumb price too goyshttps://cryptowat.ch/bithumb/bchkrw/1m
nice
https://cryptowat.ch/bithumb/bchkrw/1mfuck I cant read any of that
it gives an indicator of where the price will be heading.
our western exchanges always follow the bithumb price because of their large volume
I'm back in BTC for the next 20 minutes, then buying BCH again.
Price is going down.
Settle your bags and get ready to board
new floor, just watch the resistance
you would have just sold it like all the other idiots who did then.
thanks for showing me the wonders of trading
Stay in BTC for 15 more minutes.
The buy BCH again.
Buy BTC right now is like buying a short on BCH.
You make money both ways the market goes.
Up or down you make money.Keep buying and selling BTC and BCH like this all night.
ive made a little bit on my 1 eth im using.
bretty cool
Buy back BCH in the next 10 minutes or so.
Keep a watch on the RSI indicator.
Get ready to buy back BCH in 5 minute or less.
Dude this looks like the top.SELL
holding, will buy in very soonFuck off
BUY BACK BCH!
MY NIGGA WE BUYING
nice
fucking bittrex acting up again.
Hmm maybe i bought too soon?
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHBIOUGHT AT 4.02
Go to BTC and stay there for 30 minutes or less.
It's not done yet.
Aaaand I'm out.
Good riddance.
Neo time.
I traded too!...I traded back to fiat.
bought at the top, again.
Just hit 0.786 fib - it will go back up
Don't worry about 2-3% losses... you make it back on the 30min - 60minute RSI flips
4422574You're supposed to be in BCC/BTC... otherwise this strategy doesn't work.
lmao
those sell walls on bittrex are fake right guys?,g-guys?
I'm a BCash lover and a bag holder from the last pump.I'm not in until we'll in euphoria stage on the pump.
I'll take a tiny profit and quickly leave.
-15minutes get back into BCH
BCH going back down to 0.155... then buy back for 60 minutes of profit.
real winner
You need to be buying and selling BCC/BTC at your exchange in order to do this.
In order to make money both ways.If you have no idea what being in BCC/BTC means, then gtfo this thread.
Some guy was back and forth between USD fiat..... derp derp derp.Every time BCH down down, BTC goes up.
BCH MOON
Careful BCH 30min RSI is still mid-way down trend.
If you're making 1-5 minutes trades its ok. 50% of the people here no longer have any fucking idea what we're talking about.
lmao
You DO you know you can make money going alt to USD right you stupid fuck?
I'm buying back BCH in 5-10minutes
HOW DID YOU KNOWWWWWAAAAAATELL ME
Not at the Binance exchange you faggot simp.
At binance you been to be in BTC or ETH first before buying NEO or any Alts.
Really?
At 0.17 or lower?
,5,10,15,30,1H,2H,1D,1W RSI indicator.
Learn chart reading skills anon.
ALL IN BCH AGAIN!!!
FUCKING KILL 'EM NOW!!!!
tfw ex gf had same body and same hair, Now have a fat bitchy wife.>there is no face when
BCH 15min - 30min RSI at the bottom.
We should have 30 minutes of BCH profit.
the bottom will be in 15 - 30 min?
No.
They are at the bottom right now.
If you're making a 15-30 minute scalp trade.... do it now.
You are not a day trader.
Please exit my thread and don't come back.
Thank you.
Why do I get the sense only 1 or 2 people know wtf I'm even talking about?
Holy shit man.... the state of /biz/.
This is entry level trading.
The stuff you learn on day 1 and people are confused.
haha, fuck you
/biz/ doesnt into TA
Jesus this is a long ass 30minute RSI bottom.
I got out.
Back into BTC until I see some solid movement upward.You have to take into consideration the political war going on between the two coins.
There are whales fighting each other right now.Your strategy should be scalping 3-8% gains at a time.
uggghhh it just dumped
lol
Buy the dip faggots
Yeah I got out for now...
It's either going to make a move or be slow as fuck for hours....
I'm getting tired.
So I'm going to lay down and watch on my phone.At least you learned a new strategy though.
Watch those RSI indicators and don't sweet 1-5% losses.
Haha.
Day trade THAT, Faggot.
lol
Jesus you are one dumb nigger.
We are trading BCH and BTC back and forth.
You don't know what that means do you?
Of course not.LOL, fucking dumb ass.
Caught the falling knife at .166Safe to sleep?
yo dude.
I bought at 0.180Am I going to be ok in 2 days?
I would say yeah... but be mindful of BTC whales and possibly wallstreet trying to interfere.
I am a scalper... so I buy and sell for 2-3% profits continuously through the day.
I don't know why that confuses some people but apparently it does.
Here we go, the ride is about to end.
Sell your BTC for BCH and get ready for the next phase.
I know this isn't your game but are you bearish or bullish on BTC the rest of this weekend?
what indicators do you use?
how can you tell the next phase is aboot to begin?
Take a look for yourself.
BTC is falling, BCH is rising.
yeah that's apparent with 1min candles.
touche.
All in BCH again.. lol...
I have to shit, god dammit.
I didn't mean to come off as an ass, I just wanted you to see for yourself.
Hard to convince someone without them seeing it themselves ha.
Yeah, that was a long ass 30min RSI bottom... and I jumped the gun a little too soon.
NOW we're at the bottom and going up.
We should make 10%+ profit in the next 30-60 minutes
all aboard bch
yeah it's cool man.
i forgot i had 5min candles up.
what exchange are you guys trading on?
im on bitfenix?
Do you guys trade BCH -> USD -> BTC and then the opposite on the swings, or do you just trade direct BCH -> BTC?
why would you go through usd?
At Binance you can trade back and forth between BTC and BCH.
Not sure about bitfenix.
In case it dips further.
They aren't always exactly in sync.
Yeah bitfenix has the btc-bch pair
This current cycle is interesting.
It's taking some sharper dips than the last two.
So do we buy or sell right now?
disagree, these are basically identical
What charting software are you using?
Not betting on the flippening>being paid by Blockstream to paint bch as a short term pump and dump with no long term futurePick one
Just sold my BCH for BTC
its TA, theres literally no politics in this.
Im using this strategy to accumulate bch
I'm here to scalp BCH and BTC until I die or they do anon.
Do I have this correct..I buy when BCH is low, then sell for BTC when it goes up...then buy BCH again when it dips?Do I just watch the BCH/BTC chart?
BTC down, BCH upBTC up, BCH downvery simple.
What % gains do you sell at for each cycle generally?
Pay close attention to the 1,5 minute RSI indicators and the 15,30 minute RSI indicators.
If you want to trade like a mad man then trade the 1, 5 minute RSI.If you want to trade like an old man use the 15-30 minute RSI indicator.
LOL
RSI indicatorWhat are these?
finance newfag here.
They are polar opposites of each other.
Do you know what a short is?
If not go find out what a short is.
This is acting like a short.
It's a standard chart indicator provided by any exchange worth it's weight in bitcoin.
Ah right, thought it was those but wasn't sure.
What am I looking for at these intervals to guide me?
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/r/rsi.asp
For 30 minutes BTC is guaranteed to drop.For 30 minutes BCH is guaranteed to rise.There will be up / down movement in between.
Both BTC and BCH are scary as fuck right now.... so watch out for radical billionaires coming in with nukes.
This volume is spooky
BCH is skyrocketing.
Back in BTC for 5-15 minutes.
Back in BCH... looks good for another 30min
How much $ do you need minimum to actually profit of these trades?
It's all profit... there are no fees to trade.
btc will keep declining while bch climbs?
Back in BTC for 10min
where are you trading without fees?
This is what my fee looks like 0.00029186 BTC
Binance BCC/BNB pair is no fee until december
Try reading the thread you lazy faggot.
It's only mentioned like 3-4 times.
btc gonna crash?
BTC breaking out.. get in.
Bullshit on the profits bro.
Day traders lose overtime.
It doesn't matter how good you think you are, buying and hodling is more effective 99% of the time.
So you are just buying BCC then selling BCC then buying BCC and so forth?
Back in BCH soon 30 seconds or so.
more like 15 minutes
So is it time to buy or is it going to dip some more?You guys seem so sure of what you are doing meanwhile Im' constantly shitting my pants
watch the RSI, when it is low buy and when it is high sell.
If you make a mistake, wait for the next cycle.
buying and hodling is more effective 99% of the time.Go ahead and explain how this strategy is losing money einstein.
I'm all ears.
just ignore hodlers
% of people can only handle one thought in their heads at a time.
LOL, fascinating.They read the title.... and then anything other than the title is impossible to them.
Strange how the human mind works.
I was looking in my history for the article but can't find it anymoreThis one is basically the same though just not exactly for crypto: http://www.tradeciety.com/24-statistics-why-most-traders-lose-money/> 80% of all day traders quit within the first two years.> Among all day traders, nearly 40% day trade for only one month.
Within three years, only 13% continue to day trade.
After five years, only 7% remain.> Traders sell winners at a 50% higher rate than losers.
60% of sales are winners, while 40% of sales are losers> The average individual investor under performs a market index by 1.5% per year.
Active traders under perform by 6.5% annually.
The other one was crypto related and the same, it said something like it's 99% more profitable most of the time to just hold rather than tradingIt's easy, buy BCH, hold BCH.
This one is a monster.Just buy and hold, don't look at it again.
You will be celebrating later.
Don't forget it was $300 just two weeks ago, and it peaked at $2800 surpassing Ethereum, and it surpassed BTC's trading volume, and it made every altcoin bleed.
This is one badass coin, and you have to HOLD and DON'T FUCKING TRADE unless you want to lose overtime.
Ok, any alts breaking out?
this shit is sideways for hours and I need to go to war to feel alive here.
im bullish for BCH im just using this as opportunity to increase my bch holdings.
If you can't use take advantage of the volatility then just hodl, but it doesn't mean TA is a bad strategy.
I tried to take advantage of the volatility and lost.
If you want to fight this battle, then all the power to you, just be careful man, this coin has turned millionaires homeless (I don't really know if it has, but it sounded pretty cool to say)
You are so god damn stupid I don't even have the energy to explain why.
That is how fucking dumb you are.Every god damn wallstreet broker is a day trader.Everyone who trades on wallstreet is a day trader.The brokers put out day trader fear mongering because they want idiots like you signing up for their services.If i day trade your stock I will make 2x the amount of money you do when we reach the end.
You total and complete god damn faggot.>tfw you don't know what a short is>tfw when you don't understand BTC is acting as a short for BCH>tfw when you were already told this 10 times in the thread, but you're so fucking retarded that you still pasted that kike wallstreet propghanda>tfw you should literally kill yourselfWe're both going to the same destination.
Only scalpers 2x their profits by time we get there.DUUUURRRRRRRRRRRRR *drool*There is literally only 1-2 white people in this thread the entire night.
hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahaha
(I don't really know if it has, but it sounded pretty cool to say)sums up every post in /biz/ i think
im not fighting anything, im riding the waves.
what are you even on about?
Hi anon.
I am also white
Go home... trading isn't for you.
I find out tonight 80% of /biz/ has literally no idea what trading is.
Some guy didn't even know what RSI was.
I mean........................... just
also how did you lose?
you had so many opportunities to sell your bags.
Did you buy ATH or something?
ya me too so help me out OP and make me rich.
Some guy didn't even know what RSI wasthat was me.
i'm a self confessed trading newfag though.
at least you don't pretend to know what you are talking about
1,5,10,15,30,1H,2H,1D,1W RSI indicatorWhat, should I open a window for each of those or what do you mean?
Please teach me senpai
 Every god damn wallstreet broker is a day trader.> Everyone who trades on wallstreet is a day traderTFW never heard of a swing trader or position trader LOL, calling every trader a fucking day trader HAHAHABet I made tons more profit than you just hodling rather than trading.>TFW Warren Buffet, Peter Lynch, Benjamin Graham, Charlie Munger, etc, were all position tradersI think BCH does sort of look like it's acting as a short for BTC, but at the same time I don't think that's entirely the case
Fellow n00b here.
Too proud to ask dumb questions on an anonymous board (eh).I'm glad someone is asking.
protip: no one knows the futuret.
been in crypto since the beginningdon't believe anything you read here, dyor
You're not alone in this thread.
There are 20 others who don't know what chart indicators are, including another 45 lurkers.All of you need to be smacked around.
protip: no one knows the futureHahahaha, look at this guy.
I figured out hours ago these hood rats were made because of this.
They're mad because I wrote down the actual TIME when shit was going to happen.They've never seen that before.
LOL!!!!!!!!!!!
holy shit man, this place it literally niggerville.
No trading is not for me, overtime it doesn't give you results.
One bad trade can REALLY fuck you up.
You could win 5 small trades and then lose one really big one, and fucking lose double or more of what you earned.Like I mentioned, all the top wallstreet brokers are position traders, meaning they hold long term.If you want to day trade, go ahead.
I'm going to buy once, hold, and then chill out doing other things.
In the end I know my profits will be higher than yours, and I won't have stressed out about anything.
please teach me master, i am nothing but a lowly newfag
you dont get it do you?
I like bitcoin cash.
I think it will gain in value in the near future.
I'm trading so that i can accumulate more.
When the price drops for BCH I'm a holder like you, but now I have more BCH to hold.
You don't even need to put in a short.
Just sell BTC or BCH according to RSI chart analysis.If this picture doesn't mean anything to you.
Get the fuck out.
These faggots don't even know what a short is.
These faggots don't even know what RSI is.
im learning nigger
All these faggots can literally do is click on headlines and check to see if 100s of other faggots are clicking on the same headlines.I can't wait for the robot revolution to come along and whip out all of you inferior faggots who need to die.
You cock sucking manboy gibs-me-dats little shits.
You couldn't figure out how to flush the toilet so you started shitting in the streets!
m charts.
nicely meme kek
Well this is all too confusing for me.
Just going to put all my money into BCH and hold on for life while I smoke cones and play video games.
Good luck all!
no no no bch is going downbtc is going up
I'm calling swat on you right now nigger.
You don't deserve to live anymore.
choke on my dick faggot
if you arent daytrading and dont want to learn about daytrading then why are you in this thread?fuck your mother if you want fuck
Get the fuck out of my thread you literally nigger faggot.>yo yo yo, we making da money 'n shiiiieeeet.
I know a guy who know a guyDo you think I don't see you niggers leeching off the white man's knowledge every day?
you don't even learn shit.... you just parasite off the white man.
Then walk around like you know something.
Get the fuck out of my thread faggot.
Go hang yourself you fucking pajeet nigger
You god damn stink weazel sub-90 IQ parasite mouth breathing faggot.
I would literally stab you in the neck right now.
You burger flipping genetic failure.
i would fucking gouge your eyes out you fuck syphilis infested mega kike
the absolute state
You are a god damn embarrassment and should feel embarrassed for not knowing what a short or RSI is....
I would literally beat the shit out of you if you ever asked that to my face.
i would literally shoot your nigger ass down if you were here rihjt now you inbred waste
Jesus Christ i want to buy in on these two fags
Okay I'll split it and just buy half of both .Can't go wrong then right?
inbredhahaha, fucking cali-degenerate 4 foot mexican intellectual.
I will decapitate your ugly Aztec face and throw down the road you low-riding IQ defect.
lmao you fucking amerimutt im a pure breed european
>Forget dis RSI business.... Im still figgin what a short be at.Dis nigga callin me short?
This guy sounding like a white supremacist by making the RSI too complicated for people of color.Shiiiiiiiiiiiieeeeeeet
The combined market cap of BTC and BCH is going up so it might be a nice hedge.
Oh I hear dat gurl!
these mother fuckers always be making the RSI too hard.Cracker ass mother fucker
they're basically the same thing faggot
it only works while the index is rangebound.
every long term breakout has a 50% chance of wrecking you.
So unless you find something to trade that is highly volatile within a restricted range .
.
.
eventually you lose all those 2% gains and some.Also, as soon as there is competition for scalping on your chosen index .
.
.
the volatility dries up.
So i'd never start scalping where someone else recommends.
at best its the beginning of the end of the party.
at worst your the last sucker.
The best scalping is usually on a dying market.
The RSI indicator was created by the white devil.
They stole the original from the black man then deliberately complicated it.Blue eyed devil got it coming!
thas rite
lmao you psychotic nazis are absolutely retarded, i'm whiter than you'll ever be
Preach dat shit nigga....
I hate these RSI crackers.
Always making shit hard for a brother.
British>White
that is the retardation of your average biztardbusiness & finance, more like dumb & dumber amiright?!
4425705desu famalam you got burnt on some trades.
You only use different timeline RSI and that's it?
I find it hard to believe.
No volume indicator, no volatility, just a price indicator?Also how do you scalp with maker/taker fees?
That's like 0.4% for a buy/sell.
These guys had a mental break down trying to learn what the RSI was... do you believe they have the capacity to learn 3 other indicators at the same time?What the fuck is a maker/taker fee?
I pay $1 a trade at the most.... and 0.01 cents the least.
Do you feel the need to confront people who know more than you?
That is a brown people personality trait.
Do you have a chip on your shoulder?Do you walk around thinking "ahh man!
they trying to hold me down"Do you have a small pensis?Are you irritated by confident men who know what they're doing in life?Do you have a reaction when reading the word testosterone?
After reading the word testosterone do you feel abused?Do you want to lash out right now?Does testosterone affect you in a negative way?Are you a faggot?Have you ever had any faggot thoughts before?Do you masturbate often?Are you low t?Consider the nofapGet the fuck out of the thread.
This isn't reddit, you should try to mix up your sentence building.
I don't daytrade but I'm interested.
Right now I'm on kraken and there's a 0.16% fee when you make and order ("sell") and a 0.26% fee when you "take" (buy), so that amount to about 0.4%I don't know how it is on binance but apparently lower if you say so (depends on the size of your oders tho).So what is the complete set of indicators that you use?
Scalping seems really hard, how many profitable trades do you make percentage wise?
60%?
Also to actually realize profit, you have to hope that BTC still remains stable or bullish compared to USD, otherwise having profitable trades with BCH/BTC won't matter right?andEase up on the coke/mdma mix my man
My fees just now0.00187900 BCC0.00000826 BTCHow can I survive?
sentence buildingJesus fucking christ where are the Americans and Europeans on this board?
I am going to stop posting in this thread.
It is providing me nothing at all.
It turned into a giant ghetto full of niggers, pajeets and tree gooks with little attitudes and low IQ.It was fun abusing them for the last few hours.
But it's just stupid now.
I'm going elsewhere while trading.. bye bye faggots.
This is what 105 IQ looks like.
Enough IQ to drive a forklift, swing a hammer and understand there's money to be had in them colored bar thingys.If anyone needs to lay off the heavy drugs, it's you and the army of simps standing next to you who think the RSI is rocket science.
Who've been told countless times what the fees are at binance... yet ask what the fee are for hours and hours over again.Why the fuck do I care if you want to learn?
What I am the trade saint..... is this the trade clinic?
Get the fuck outta hereI want to fuck your wife and drive your car.
That's what I want to do.
Since we're sharing each others desires here.
Jokes on you I drive my dad's car and I ain't got no wife.
105 IQ seems pretty accurate actually, probably closer to 110 but eh!I prefer to trade volatility (over several days) with a price indicator as a confirmation but to each his own my fellow englishman.
You're swing trading because of your kracken fees.
Get on binance with no fees.
Binance has fees, even the BnB pairing has 0.1.
9000IQ here, confirmed
MA and RSI are the only indicators I'm using at binance.Watching the order book and volume goes without saying.
Ok well whatever.
I pay nothing.
So have a nice day.Fuck I miss early 2000's internet.
Today if you say one simple thing, instantly some faggot appears and says the complete opposite.
4427801Thanks famalam, I'll consider all this.
no transfer fees... no confirmation for 2btc daily withdrawal.
It takes 3 minutes to sign up.
1-2 hours to move into your wallet.Servers in Hong Kong, S. Korea, Europe,
finally sold me on this because someone told me they accept btg deposits and I have bags to unload.They're suspended :(