How much can i expect to earn day trading $2000 per day?
My mum cut off my allowance no kidding and I basically have to find a way to earn booze money.
Pls help me anons.
Deoends how fucking good you are.....remember your gains are literally somebody else's losses, so it's a competition.
Deoends how fucking good you are.Isnt it based purely on luck?
A lot is luck, but there's retards and there are people who notice patterns.
You'll never be 100% but you can definitely hit 70% correct which will make you money.
Just don't put all your money in at once and diversify.
Buy in the dips, sell in the pumps.
Literally do the opposite of what everyone else is doing and usually you make money - money gets lost by chasing pumps and selling in fear.
In crypto, yeah.
You will be smashed if you day trade.
Buy and hold the Big 4, they're hard for people to manipulate.
With shit coins, a fat cum sock can manipulate the prices with relatively little money.
$2000 per day>booze moneydo you drink white rhinoceros semen?
Wait... so this is a bad idea?
Even for coins like LINK and REQ?No dude, I said im only willing to trade using $2000 haha not earn $2000 per day.
money gets lost by chasing pumps and selling in fear.probably the most solid observation you'll get in here.
Also, fear cuts both ways.
You can be afraid of missing out on some awesome coin or moon mission, and buy in at a high and then watch the price immediately fall
I think he just meant “spend that $2000 on booze and die alone”
Even for coins like LINK and REQ?Uh YEAH, the shit is unpredictable and run by people miss their own god damn deadlines.
I'm holding bags of Verge for fucks sake, because they still don't have that Wraith Protocol shit implemented.
It was supposed to be done weeks ago.Crypto.
Is.
Gambling.
start trading with $2,000>lose half>$1,000 less for boozeBeing realistic, this is probably what's going to happen.
Just get a job.
get a job nigger.
if you knew you could day trade, you'd already be doing it.
Look if your doing it for booze money and have never done it before your probably not gonna make it.
First of all though if your looking only to make booze money don't put it in crypto, your downside is far higher and if alls your looking for is 20 dollars a day it's not worth the risk.
But assuming you ignore me and go for high risk high reward plays my recommendation is to look for one good 30% plus trade and cash that out and use it for booze for a long ass time.
In crypto what I'd do is buy powr once I see a trend reversal and try and pick up abou 400 satoshis which is a little more than 10 percent.
But if you want a close to sure thing that is likely to make you the money, heres what you do.
You put it in a fucking brokerage account and you get options approval, then literally as the market opens tomorrow morning you buy some fucking puts on AOBC or other gun stocks which spiked based on the shooting.
Smart money was in two days ago, but right now you still stand to make 20-30 percent on puts at least if you don't hold till expiration.
Don't listen to this nigger Work with your 2000$, and get good.If you can have consistent gains with 2000$, you can do the same with 100 times more.Once you're good, working for a bit to raise your capital faster than by trading would be a good idea.And remember, gains are for more gains, not for eating.
+20% JUST/day-20% fiat/day/thread