$5 eoy

Definitely.
ODIN bros are the patricians of /biz/, unlike those deluded linkies who think an erc20 token made by two gypsies can reach a market cap in the tens of billions.
both will happen though haha
this coin will moon very soon but not while blackstone has his head up his ass.
waiting...
Why not just use pgp?
You can't anonymously transfer CP using PGP.
More like $1.50
Im proud to be odn marine now
hope master nodes are getting released soon!
Proudly representing freedom.
Who else is with me?
only have 10k, just 1 node.
should have flipped it at 50 cent and then rebuy now.
but missed it^^
FREEEEEEEDOOOOOOOOOOOM
What's the use of the token though?
Pedocrypto.
90% of the coins owned by the devs
I need accumulate more odn
More like 70%, and would you believe even big cryptos like NEO hold 50% by devs?Devs can actually hold some of their own tokens, you know.
It's much less.
From the whitepaper:% ODN (14.7 million coins) were distributed among the members of the core team.The rest of what you consider "developer coins" are owned by the general Obsidian company which go towards things like bounties and general improvements for the coin.
It's like the difference between ETH belonging to the Ethereum Foundation and ETH in Vitalik's personal wallet.
wrong
It doesn't matter, brother.
You're still gonna make it.
the first prediction I can believe
go back to school, faggot.
you don't know math
Inshallah
huh
WE LOVE YOU PRAVIK!!!!!111!!11one!!!
!111
Ill be happy if its at 1$ by the end of the year desu but I am probably being conservative
That's a lot of COSS... Good luck.
Do you have anymore ODN MTG memes, good sir?
That's soofuckingballsyyy
privacy has an inherent value.
thats why this coin will moon.
with just 4chanfags mainly hearing about it.
no wonder its not high market cap.
nuls will be $5 eow

Isn't that price for ICX the HitBTC futures (IOU) price?
Tokens aren't tradeable yet.I was part of the ICO too and looking forward to tokens being released.
Just wouldn't get your hopes up adding it to blockfolio yet when the actual price might be a lot lower (but still way above $0.12 ICO price)
Hop on the moon ride.
GET THE FUCK IN HERE!
Daily reminder that Jew boy SageScam will abandon the project with all of the money you bought in high at
I have a hunch that you are sage's former gay lover who was recently left behind.
Don't worry anon... your ass will be readily blasted again.
do not drown in your tears... the sun will rise.
what the fuck does he do around the community now that there are 4 moderators?
What is a community lead?
He was absent during the investor meetup, he doesn't have any real responsibilities.
I will tell you:He has connections that are whales whom pump coins in the beginning and then sell of.
This guy is a world class, dirty money snake.
tell us more
Must be that time of the month for you.
Kek
No working block explorer after being live for 6 weeks with 2+ separate devs working on it.
I am sorry you are so naive
Does stratis have a working block explorer?
I mean it is a fork from stratis and yet is is over $2
That would be a valid argument if the blockexplorer transparancy was not brought up every single day and left unanswered
Yeah it's futures price, I really hope that I can pick more near the ico price.
We're all onto you, jew bag Jordan Schneider.
If you scam ODN like you have your other coins then you are in for a world of pain.
Your public information is out there

go back to /pol/ dude.
nobody has any idea what you're ranting about but i think you just hate jews
This scam artist will say that he is moving off the project before the end of the year.
No mention of coins/funds taken, nothing.
what does he wear when you dream about him?
Have you smelled his hair yet?How far does this obsession of yours go?
>people are unironically still holding this shitbagI feel for you guys.
Volume is less than 100k even after yesterday's news.
bcrypt sha512 encryptionPls stop posting this, you're making it look like the ODN devs don't even know the difference between hashing and encryption.
I sold off my remaining ODN last night, that means it's gonna moon now so you're welcome
Thanks