Thinking about buying some FUNIve been reading about it and they look like they have some decent goals in a multi billion dollar industryAnybody else HODL this?
Thoughts?
Okay so I just went in another 350$ (im poor) here's whyLook at their roadmap.
They're releasing: the beta, official public release, new game(s), and a progressive slot MVP(good for gamblers).Now here's the crazy parts.
FUN is at a stable ATL with a promising rise occurring right now.A billionaire (mike novogratz probably), bought $20Million worth privately.
He previously held a position of FUN and increased it substantially.
This is for obvious reasons to anyone that understands the casino/gambling industry.Essentially, the casino/gambling/online gambling industry NEEDS a technology like this to attract new users.
This is going to be fucking HUGE in the future when all states legalize gambling.
I'm considering going all in.
this will be better than bitcoin, with luck this will turn out to be the NEO of China
666 confirms italso i meant legalize online gambling.
The Chinese fucking love gambling
Yep.
That too.
Also, humans love consistency and truth, which is what FATE channels provide in the technology.This is bigger than people understand.
I might even 100% FUN for massive gains, is that crazy?
DO IT BEFORE ITS TOO LATE10x THANKSGIVING
I'm not gonna go all in but it seems like a good prospect.
The anonymity stuff too... has lots going for it
I bought some FUN today and, I know it’s pathetic, everytime I see FUN in my blockfolio I grin like a little retard covered in his own shit
Yeah, it really does.
I'm considering going all in...
I feel like there's zero downside from 300 sats lmfaohah same, i love the idea of "are you having FUN yet?"
how much did you buy?
About 0.2 btc.
I feel pretty confident about it though, might invest more
play poker for living so i know the space quite well huge possibilities They made an agreement with virtue.poker (come to that later) that they will focus on the casino game market and virtue rushs into the poker marketTo virtue their ico is coming up anytime soon might be on the 6th of december and this one can be really huge.
They have confirmed partnerships with 3 of the 10 top overall wining pokerplayers.
Dan colman, brian rast and phil ivey.
THIS IS HUGE Get in on this one!
don't have that much to put in (poor)was gonna buy £250 worth when i get paid (also wagecuck :(()
Aight guys, I just went all in.See you on the fuckin moon.Remember:>scared money don't make no money
bumping in case anyone wants to actually make money on /biz/
just bought 2k
 is still a lot of money anon, I just put my powr gains in FUN.
haha same i literally cashed out of POWR 10 minutes ago to go all in on FUNI believe in this, it's time to have some FUN
The funniest part about this is biz is caught up on shitcoins when they could literally make millions with a coin based around money making money LOL
The things is that, in my opinion atleast, gambling, internet and money seem to be a pretty good mix
Yep.
Plus a big reason why states wont legalize it is because of corruption.
This removes that fear.Here's a little TA for you guys, expect the breakout around 10:30AM (eastern NA) tomorrow.
bump, any other anons excited about having FUN?
biz seems kinda dead right now