http://www.flippening.watch/Remind me why ETH isn't already #1 again?
> Unironically beliving BTC is going to remain #1 without BCH overthrowing it> ETH literally does more transactions a day than any other blockchainhttps://twitter.com/FrankSchuil/status/933424329261535232
than any other blockchain COMBINED*
Because people get their assets frozen by a shitty line of code every other week.
Proof of Vitalik is a flawed system of governance
cuck alert.
retard alert
using anything developed by Parity
I'll be laughing my retarded ass all the way to the lambo store while ETH grows three fold and BTC burns to the ground.Long live BCH and ETH.
MY NIGGA
The Flippening is real.
Ethereum made bitcoin obsolete.
OP is right.
BTC is going to get cucked by BCH.
Then ETH is going to overtake ETH.It's inevitable.
What, are you saying you hope eth hits its ATH today?
>all the corecucks crying about "m-muh crypto winter" when BCH destroys them>mfw exchanges will just update their tickers and open more ETH markets
Monero is the dark horse that will win through as top crypto after the btcs cuck each other.
ETH literally does more transactions a day than any other blockchainBut they are tiny transactions.
By dollar amount BTC is king.
Exactly.
This
>tfw 106.4 ETHer bought between $40 and $350, the majority being bought in the $100sFeels good man
Not ATH yet but it's headed there
The ETH tx are just from shit ICO tokens flying through the network.
This has nothing to do with how the ETH token should be valued.
Yes but skelly is handling all this shit like a champ.
Meanwhile bitcoin’s value is getting shredded because it can’t scale.
>tfw only 65 eth
Are you me?
Although I started to buy at $20, but was stupid and traded away gains.
It's no whale money, but it feels nice watching a slight $10 bump and knowing we made half a wagecuck salary.
Why the shilling?
Anyone who has a decent understanding of the blockchain space knows this is an inevitability.
Ya it's hitting $400 in under 6 hours.
Wtf..
I also have 106 ETH, but my average buy in is around $45
400 incoming guys ..
4517180Kiss and make up children
skelly is handling all this shit like a champHave you not looked at his twitter lately ?
maybe i should have stayed 100% eth instead of also buying OMG, ZRX, MKR and CVC
The more he tweets about communism and molesting children, the higher it goes
Bitcoin may be King, but he's getting old.
Ethereum is the new prince that's revolutionising the Kingdom.AND you can profit off his success.
Get in before it sets an ATH and don't believe the shit spewing FUD.
ETH is going to make the kingdom an empire.
$600 before the end of year.
Anyone else ride waves between ETH/BCH?So comfy right now.
Holy fuck, ETH is CRUSHING.Get in there and watch this shit...
tfw only have 3 eth
hodl strong brother.
3 ETH will be a lot in the future.
Did Vitalik tweet about communism?
He seems more lolbertarian than anything.
It was that biracial sperg snapping at Gab about communism.
The day will come when they say, whoa you have a WHOLE ether?
wow incredible
He didn't afaik.
People do whatever they can to convince themselves to not make money.
Wow, thanks for that, the trend is reversingBUY BUY BUY DO NOT MISS THIS MOON MISSION
THE MOON THE MOONCAN YOU FEEL IT, OH CAN YOU FEEL IT
$400, FUCKERS!!
!Fucking smashed through it like it was nothing.Get with it, BTC.
0.05 ratio
ITS DROPPING LIKE A ROCK WTF WTF WTFSELL SELL SELLETH IS CRASHING I REPEAT ETH IS CRASHING!!!!
OH GOD WHY
ya think you fellas could gift me some christmas ETH?
0xb56E2124ECA487dFFB8A2f90D77bf45979e24E72
fuding this desperately lel
lol only a handful of trades went through at 400 $360 by tomorrow screencap this
This is currently trading @ $397.33 it has gained a valuable amount in value and has a good long way to go ... has been up 8% today ....
He expressed support for Harberger taxes.
Same story as his pedo tweets, really.
Average people don't get most of his public communication is research.
Exploring every thought through debate is necessary if you want to refine theories into working models.
Doesn't mean money skelly is going to come to your house and force you to sell your daughter for ETH.
ETH break 0.05 very soon
nah man honestly monero is always going to be a 2nd class coin because its blockchain cant be searched.
public blockchain will always maintain dominance.
I just transferred all my money from BTC to ETH because if this whole BTC X BCH thing goes down again in the weekend, my gains are protected in the confiest crypto.Then I'll buy the dip.
clever, you might additionally get some gains from ETH pump if it continues
Yeah, the BCH pump just scares me, if this whole Operation Dragon Slayer goes on and BTC gets cucked, I'm not risking 60% of my portfolio.But then again, if BTC does go down, it will be crypto winter 2.0 for all of us.
how is that even remotely relevant?
Crypto Winter is not happening.Fiat/conventional markets are about to tank, and all that money has to go somewhere.
2018 is The Flowering.
West coast wake up and buy some coin.
Do you hear yourself?
monero is great m8 but public blockchain has serious application.
it will always be 2nd to something.
Kek confirms crypto flowering spring.
Praise!
That double double....
Just put in $100k last month, sold for $160k just right now, thanks lads, gonna go buy an audi
When the fuck should I sell, when is it going to tank again?
trend is reversingagain?
force you to sell your daughter for ETH.Jokes on him.
I already did.