>Want to start making money>Realize I need to get a base understanding of crypto first>Have to lurk /biz/ and reddit for months in order to understand all the lingo and memesFUUUUCCCKKKKK
Just fucking buy BTC/ETH/LTC you brainlet since they're available on coinbase and normalfags are gonna use coinbase when they FOMO hard.
I’m on day two and already have like a 70% understanding.
Just lurk
Considering your not doing anything worth of value, why don't you listen to Crypto Podcasts and watch Youtube.Search maybe Kenn Bosak or something.
Is it wise to buy BTC now?
How much higher can it go?
The big thing what I don't get is how people get all the latest news on these various alt coinsHow are you supposed to know what is going to moon and when
https://cryptopanic.com/
It's also going to take a year, minimum, to fully understand how to control your emotions while trading/investing, not to mention how to even do it.
Buy high sell low is the motto around here for a reason.I'll offer to teach you everything I know about cryptocurrency and investing in it, along with /biz/ crypto lingo, if you would like.
I'll charge a fair price.My throwaway is jumpheav@gmail.com, contact me there if interested.
**jumpheavy@gmail.com
don't understand crypto, nor do I really carex'd my initial investment through daytrading
Is it wise to buy BTC now?
How much higher can it go?No.
buy eth, right fucking now.
It's about to set new ath
DO YOUR KEGELS OP..........THAT'S FIRST AND FOREMOST.
MAN IS NOT RICH IF HE LOSES HIS MANHOOD.
NO WOMAN WANTS THAT..........NO ONE WANTS THAT.
20 REPS NOW.............GO...............GOOD.........HERE'S A TOWL.
I'll take lessons for free anon ;) 
just follow bcc guides and in 2 hours you know everything
Minister you!
good find
You know how to get trips, that's way more important
Literally best advice I can give is try and think like a logician for each trade you make.Do not let emotion cloud your judgement.Employ stop loss' and trailing stop and limit orders etc.Lastly HODL.
Unless its a shitcoin going down (which you shouldnt have bought in the first place) then just hold.The amount of trades that initially dipped down 10% but then recovered to make significant gains...
I can't even...
If you need help thinking like a logician then I recommend you learn probability theory, concept of +ev (if you don't even know that) and at the very least economic game theory.Don't just learn them though implement them in your heuristics and decision making when trading.
ThisI recommend taking a couple of undergrad course in statistics, definitely an analysis and forecasting class.Always run a backtest on your data and test the validity of your model before making a trade and use machine learning to analyze the memes here to forecast potential upcoming trends in the market.