How can I get rich now that my crypto dreams are over?Missed every major pump in the past couple months, still bagholding Link and Req.
Tried to sell some of it to chase pumps and am always too late and end up down 20% a trade.
Now below my initial investment in June, started with 18k (pretty much my life savings) down to 12k now.
All I have left is 50k Link and 100k Req.Currently unemployed, 28, living at home.
I'd like to make 100k annually doing as little work as possible.
What do I do now?
I got you.
Go get a IT certification.
Takes 4 months and you finish with a 100k job.
The course I'm taking costs 4k.
You won't get outsourced because Trump.
Trump is making waves in the IT sector.
Wow this looks too good to be true.
But from what I'm reading it looks like you still need a college degree to land a good job and these are supposed to be like on top of a degree.
The people who graduated from this course have bachelors in simple degrees like english or even math.
Degrees don't matter much, just be better than your peers.
Also i have a chart that shows the salaries, and they all have "None" under IT experience.
People jump from mcdonalds to IT.
I don't know the validity of some institutions, but mine is pretty good.
It's based in NYC but you can stream the class from wherever I think.
Put the 12k in Ark and wait.
Use this site!
Don't do this, you have enough money for a certification and stable job that could lead to real estate later on.
You could lose that 12k.Don't bet your money lol
Do I need to say anything else?
I would say that in 4 months you are likely to end up with 50k max, and that's risking going broke and starving.
Or you could finish the 4 month course and start making bare minimum 50k/yr and max at 200k legit.
Guy started out as a project manager right out of this course.
Start working out, take care of yourself and do G4P.
If you are lucky you will find a rich sugar daddy who will pay you for your hormone therapy, let you stay in his sky scraper penthouse while giving you expensive free stuff.
This is literally what he/she did:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ek9h7cBOs8k
You could try getting a job
he thinks a 12k investment in bitbean will only be 50k in 4 months time
what IT course are you talking?
Please don't laugh.
It's called People N Tech, it's run by Indians but it's very cheap.
My family members took it and they make 90k, a woman makes that money too.
I'm actually taking the course Feb while my bro takes it.It's sat-sun 5 hours class each day but really it's just 2 hours of bullcrap and 3 hours of real class.
They set you up for mid-level careers instead of shitty entry level you get from college.
I'm not really gonna lose jobs by telling people this so idc.
4323470You're posting on a board full of literal neets profiting off of fake money brotha, nobody's laughing at you for trying to get a job
my browser blocks their website for phishing,fraud,virus.nt pajeet
where did you get your IT certification if you dont mind me asking?
lmao try going around it, its legit.
I just got a call from my courier boss.
Gonna make 160 for just driving on the highway.
peace.courier>IT>real estate> rolls royce car rentals>strip clubs> hooker loungesThat's the plan guys
well, looks like they have guaranteed job placement.
i'll give it a shot.
Indian's average monthly salary is like 300 $.. why are you lying, ?
This sounds scammy as fuck haha
lmao.
hate to break it to you bruh, but nigerians and asians dominate the US median pay.
high 5-6figures
Sell all of them and buy BCH
432292843231634323446Is it just me or is this entire thread a clever advertisement for this service??
Same guy here, car is having issues so I couldn't take the delivery, I'm waiting for the mobile repair guy to come.
Ama about the course.
And it seems like ad placement because I was on my desktop typing a lot.
I'm taking it in Feb, maybe we can take it together.
Class is in nyc