
will it dump before the difficulty adjustment?
who has the picture of him as a girl?
putting your faith in some gookNo thanks
I bought the ticket, no seriously this is gonna be EPIC!
looking too deep into coins instead of buying whatever and make moneyNever gonna make it
Teethfix level expertTop kek
will it reach $1800 tonight?
yes.
Tokyo waking up rn
X country waking upThat's not how it works
yes it is
Traders don't sleep
There's are billions of people in Asia who aren't traders
buy after next 14 hours
Prove it
Learn to write you illiterate fuck.
People actually making a difference in the market aren't fucking sleeping in a 24hr market.
Fuck Bitcoin Cash.
Fucking scam.
I'm excited about https://halongmining.com/.
Fuck Jihan the eternal virgin.
Fuck Ver the traitorous expat living in Japan.
Long live the king - BTC.
Ver and the like will answer for their market manipulation eventually.
Fuck them - also, kys.
How to get REKT with bcashhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g1HzU_gHSDI
How to lie to avoid taxes
Dip your mother if you want to dip.
I ma just going to leave this here... interpret it how you wish>https://bitinfocharts.com/bitcoin%20cash/address/19hZx234vNtLazfx5J2bxHsiWEmeYE8a7k
This guy bought $450M of BCH in two months...
can anyone track whether that's Ver or some random fucker with insider info?
Sure, working on it rn
keep us findings on your posted brother
how high are you ?
Up to 0,21 tonight.
don't say you heard it from me.
I got a bit of bitcoin cash when it was like $1200 now its like $1600I can see why people get hypered on all this coin crap.
And start yelling HODL and all that shit and want to constantly put more in.But then I think of tether and shit and im like hmmm.
I don't get this picture.
What is the difference between this and his normal face?
hi am i too late.I need real opinion.
I've been burned by bitcoin cash badly before and am traumatized.
Probably Bitmain accounthttps://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/76yr4w/235411_bch_cotinual_buying_from_1st_aug_a_big/
Fuck your mother if you want to FUCK
"Young" effect on faceappBut he's a god so he never gets old
Told you.From now on it's only going down, so if you've bags, time to dump.
The operation so farbcash sucks
From now on it's only going down, so if you've bags, time to dump.OK boys, we are calling off operation DragonSlayer, go home please.
Yours Sincerely, Roger
Fuck your mother if you want to fuck
This is going to be hilarious when absolutely nothing happens.
And.
It.
Just.
Runs.
Out.
Of.
Steam.
Thank gooood I didn't listen to you
when BCH breaks 2k tonight the corecucks will start sweating.
watch.
Yeah just sell your bags now.. don't worry that we aren't even close yet
Got out at .203, made .13 btc which I should be happy with.
Too optimistic.
Maybe tomorrow.
Bro, it might jump back up like it's doing right now but won't go over 0,21, then it's a matter of seconds when it dumps way sub 0,2.Now it's your move, sell at the peak or cry later.
its already over 0.21 dumb fuck
way too early rip
Let him talk
holy shit those buys
.22Are you going to apologize or what?
never hodl.
its a losers strategy.
What’s the buy price of BTC?
$7600?
$7200?
I didn't realize cash's coin distribution was so much worse than bitcoin
if this goes as big as last big bch pump btc bottomed at 5900 from 7800. volume on bithumb is approaching 2 billion which is similar to the 2.5 billion of last pump so possible its gonna be similar.
Volume on bittrex went from 25000 to 30000 now.The volume from that one Saturday on bittrex was 40000... and it's not even Friday yet.....
huge buywall at .20looks like a PnD bluff
fuck bought in more at 1700 hoping it would pump to 2500 now its not going up.
is it over?
plz tell me the pump is not over.
fuck btc
just the beginning chill the fuck out
EVEN IF the whole dragonslayer / flippening floppening is bullshittheres a decent amount of people that believe in it, and theyre trading to bch bcos FOMO even without the flippening there will be a pump at the difficulty adjustment
also not related but why are all the captchas fucking cars and storefrontswhy cant it be tits
pajeet your graphics card is really shit or you need to update your driver
24looks like f.lux
Dip your mother if you want to dipI got liquidated by stop loss order, you fucking dragonslayersMade 20 bucks on the goddamn pump AAAAAAAAAAH
agreed bithumb groups are going to pump this hard as shit pretty soon.
it worked last time and since that dump its proven to work this time.
believe in sk guys
PNDing a coin with 99k btc volumeKek
quick flip of your cashall groups go hard at the same time, price goes from 1700 straight up to 2000+, sell right away and normies start buying the diprinse and repeat every week
what the fuck!
now below 1700 plz start pumping!
lol patience and you should've bought earlier
FUCK YOU
buy again at .2 or is it dumping all the way?