> Be me> Be Roger Ver> Be rich and buy 300k BTC when it was $1 > BTC moons> Be more rich> Still want to be more rich> BCH fork happens> Now have 300k BCH that I can't sell.> Not enough people want this shitty unscalable centralized coin> Have idea> Make people want it> Hire russian bot farm to shill for this coin> Talk to korean exchange> They are in with my plan, for very little money actually> Tell everyone that BCH is the real bitcoin> People defend me and this coin because they're stupid> Start wash trading to increase the price> People think this is a flippening or something> Easy to keep pumping for basically free with no fees> Price has gone up to 0.5, a lot of people with buy orders now.> Call korean exchange: moshi moshi, please go offline, and execute my sell order, so people don't have time to cancel their buy orders> They do it, the absolute madmen, they get in trouble but I don't care> Still have 100k BCH left, need to pump it again> Less people fall for it, but I can still dump the coins soon, just a little bit higher.> ???
?> Profit
imagine trying this hard to justify your emotional attachment to a dying coin
HENLO IM ROGER AND I AM AN HUNDRED AND TEN BACENT NOT A SCAMMERhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UP1YsMlrfF0
fuck i wish we had 300kb blocks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qJh6EQ5gv7g
>thinking this con artist had 300k to buy bitcoin at $1The most he has is 1000btc.
Anonymous (ID: R2kqRnYO) 11/24/17(Fri)11:43:23 No.4537482▶>>thinking this con artist had 300k to buy bitcoin at $1>The most he has is 1000btc.what do you base that assumption on?
so you mean he didn't put a million dollars into bitcoin when it was around $1?
Dude, just select what he said that you want to quote, then click on the Post number (4537482 in that case) the text is copied directly in the content text area with the > and all.I don't know how new you are, but please don't copy and paste the whole name
unscalable centralized coinwat
I'm high that's all
Dare to calculate how big a blockchain will get if do this?This was alibaba on 11/11.You can't even get close to this without off-chain or other smart solutions.8 MB/block is fine, but then you only do like 30 transactions per second.
Bitcoin needs to actually scale, 30 transactiosn per second is not scaling, it's a small patch.LN is real scaling.
So you're saying that when Mt Gox tricked everyone, the fact that he also got tricked proves that he wasn't tricked and was actually tricking?
reddit
Cool story, Blockstream.Now pay for my hosting.
LN can be whatever you want it to be, in the mean time it doesn't matter because we don't have LN.
So why would you not just change the single variable that would fix your scaling problems for next few years while you work on LN?
Why is it either no solution or the perfect solution?
BCH can just add whatever functionality LN adds whenever they add it it, if they add it, and they will have never had a scaling problem.And the most likely final happening is identical clones of a coin distributed geographically so that you have several blockchains and none of them have to record all of the transactions, only the ones in their area.
And one for online and long distance transactions.
As opposed to third party off chain centralized solutions.
wew lad

Because right now there is no scalability problem.
Mempool is very low when blocks are found every 10 minutes.
And we don't yet have millions of people using it.Block size increase has been discussed in the bitcoin mailing list a thousand times, and the consensus has been to not do it yet.If you are interested in this, you could just join the mailing list and learn a bit.
If you want a functioning currency that scales the mempool has to always be empty/low.
Can't just be at certain times you mongoloid.
I mean, it's a parody, but it's accidentally spot on.
>brainlets focusing on btc and bch centralized coins while BTG is about to moon and destroy both
Except when, you know, it isn't low.
.
So why would you not just change the single variable that would fix your scaling problems for next few years while you work on LN?
Why is it either no solution or the perfect solution?
BCH can just add whatever functionality LN adds whenever they add it it, if they add it, and they will have never had a scaling problem.- people are running Bitcoin nodes in America and they pay for bandwidth in MB.
This means they would have to pay double the money to run a node if the block is 2x as big (bcash is 8x big).
This means there will be a lot less nodes.- It's all about censorship, in some countries bitcoin is cencored so there are people who need to run a TOR node to use bitcoin.
TOR is very slow so you need to have a very small blockchain to make it possible to use everywhere.
Bitcoin should work even if you only have sattelite internet.Thats why it's king.
It's the only coin thats decentralized and censorship resistent enough to fuck with goverments.
America and they pay for bandwidth in MB.no developed country pays bandwidth in MB.
4538150Which is going to happen less now because BCH difficulty is not so retarded anymore
wow you have no ideahttps://dataplan.xfinity.com/faq/>The Terabyte Internet Data Usage Plan is a new data usage plan for XFINITY Internet service that provides you with a terabyte (1 TB or 1024 GB) of Internet data usage each month as part of your monthly service.
If you choose to use more than 1 TB in a month, we will automatically add blocks of 50 GB to your account for an additional fee of $10 each.
look at my pic, a node uses 1,5tb data a month.
People pay literally a shitload of money to run a node.
Why, how would lightening work over tor
Both Bitcoin and bitcoin trash are garbage coins and solve no real problems.
Why would the average merchant switch to Bitcoin when VISA is easier to use, faster and cheaper?
That's right.
No answer.
People don't give a fuck about muh privacy and muh decentralization only virgin libertarian techies care about these things.
The only useful coin right now is Monero because it can be used on black markets and be used to launder money and avoid taxes.
It's more decentralized, is faster and is actually anonymous.
Also 99% of ICOs are useless and a lot of them are scams.
Thats why it's king.
It's the only coin thats decentralized and censorship resistent enough to fuck with govermentsThe average person couldn't give a fuck about these because they don't fucking life in North Korea or Venezelua.
Bitcoin and it's variants are fucking garbage shitcoins.
I don't know but I'm pretty shure it will since core developers are all tor fags Lightning networkSeems like people do care
go back to plebbit faggot
big if true