Seems like everyones got their jimmies rustled with the Confido drama.Fill me in on upcoming/current ICO's.
No pajeets please.My current favorite is Omanilla, yours?
Hacken.
Never heard of it, next.
zen protocol
BFX tokens 2.0
Secure Decentralised Generalised Peer-to-Peer Electronic CashSystem and Transaction Ledger I just read the whitepaper, now my crippling depression is gone, thanks op.
The Devery Project
You're welcome my friend.
Many blessings on you and your family.
This.
https://devery.iohttp://crypto-icos.com/2017/11/08/devery/Has a great potential.
And a new WP with deeper technical focus will come soon.
i feel theres a lot people forgot about waiting on etherdelta ready to get on a proper exchange and pump like a fuckerpowr was trading on ed for 700 sats like a week ago... its crazy shit
McAfee one of the advisors, token burning model, security big flavour of the month (confido, tether hack)DYOR /shill mode off
i kinda like this too https://mywish.io/index.htmlbut im not sure.. at least give us a proper team page with links to their shit.. not just pictures
Wabi
Joost?
Yep a lot of people are brainlets and cant figure out ED
What are ICOs with very small market caps?
Those are the only ones worth investing in
Zen Protocol, very interesting project too, I think it's a good hold
Genaro Network
Everyone on /biz/ is a pajeet even you gtfo pajeet.
Poo in loo.
ICO = centralizationonly idiots with zero tech and zero security with no legitimate ideas or knowledge about blockchains do ICO's or participate in iCO's
ENVION - shit will revolutionise mining.
Looked at Omanilla> Site looks really good> Whitepaper appears to be comprehensive> Idea seems okay> Roadmap pins release for Feb 2018Okay... Looks decent, but...> No GitHub> Possibly run by Joost (no public team members listed)> Literally can't find it mentioned anywhere through Google except for some recent /biz/ posts.Tell me why this isn't going make me poor OP
lmao stay poor faggotActually seems interesting, can't find info on the market cap tho
B2BX seems like a good project.
Wysker is revolutionary
+ years in the making.
Combining all exchanges brokers and what not
Kek that downtrend on anal and hentai.Neets previously fapping day and night to anal and hentai are now plowing pussy for real thanks to crypto.
The ICO glory days of instant 100x are ogre.
Now you are lucky to come out with your limbs intact if you make it out at all.
Too many BS pajeet tokens with shit for utility and real world use.
I prefer to buy post ICO, they all crash immediately after listing so I can just buy them on the exchange for less than ICO price if I think it's a good token.
IIRC it's $30m for the pre-sale and ICO combined
Found ithttps://www.zenprotocol.com/en/sale
4484128 million is a low market capLmao, fuck off shill
POWR started with 33 million you know?
Anyone here looked into VLB ?
The whitepaper is to technical for me to be totaly honest
this is the google doc from that threadhttps://docs.google.com/document/d/1IfF6WRunStGJ6fSVbUx8kvKf7CgOqJb0MWJ3pyHU5HE/editHuge thread about it earlier
Small market cap is subjective I guess, after seeing $100m+ ICOs like Tezos, Bancor, polkadot, etc.
I'd consider 30m to be unimpressive
That dubs thread*
Isn't zen insanely inflationary?
It goes from 10mil to 100 mil token supply
4483434OP I'm going to assume you are a pajeet if you can't tell me why Omanilla isn't a shitcoin.
Source?
How about you read the fucking whitepaper
4484128Or how about clicking that link scrolling the fuck down to future distribution.GOD DAMN IT PEOPLE EXPECT TO BE SPOONFED EVERYTHING THESE DAYS.AT THIS RATE CHAINLINK WILL EXPLODE.
Fuck you for making me waste kilobytes on my computer
Wrong person
No, you; Pal.
I don't see it in there
4484379
It goes from 10mil to 100 mil token supplyLearn to read, that's not 10 mil to 100 mil, it's 20 mil to 100 mil.It'd take 6 years for the supply to double to 40mil, is that too inflationary?
I don't really understand how that works
My apologies, 20 mil besides the 6.5 mil the team is gonna dump on you as well.
And you don't actually need the token to use the smart contracts to create Brilliant
They create* Excuse my poor English
I thought the point of the token is that it's used for smart contracts?
what does it do then