Whales accumulating RCN, better get in.
Alpha release today.Cup and handle pattern completed.
lol what cup and handlebesides whales are not interested in a coin that has 1billion supply
Doesn't matter, marketcap has lots of room for growth.
This one got listed as well on Bittrex and Binance few days after ICO, says enough.
apparently the market doesn't give a shit about RCN
Not here to argue, just helping people.
You'll see when this takes off.
just playing the devil's advocateI'm 100% in on this coin btw
there's zero discussion about it here.I don't know why or how anyone would choose to avoid this coin.
maybe the devs are not media whores like OMGi just hope that with the launch today they'll announce some sort of partnership that would bring it forward
besides whales are not interested in a coin that has 1billion supply>What is XRPHello newfriend
I own 450293 RCN - My Body is ready
True but XRP has a kazillion banks buying it's platform and the company is seizing every opportunity to capitalize on that news and push the agenda that SOMEDAY XRP will be adopted by legacy financial institutions.kekRCN is a game changer in the world of consumer credit and the devs are responsible enough to tokenize their platform a few months away from completing the Roadmap.
that's epic and unprecedented in crypto because 99% of alts are bullshit and overly hyped by a bunch of amateur speculators but THIS, THIS PROJECT that has heavyweights in tech VC funding, a working product and active user base, THIS doesn't get shilled here?
that just consolidates the idea that /biz truly is autistic and that no one cares to read a fucking white paper anymore.
they're all chasing rumors and trying to 10x in 10 minutes.so sad
you are rich my friend and will be getting richer soon
any links to provide?
TrueI shill it one time per day with small hints.
Mostly not a single reaction.People here are stupid af
https://ripiocredit.network/
hahahai noticed that people also expect a full and wide explanation if someone tries to shill advice.
you know what i did the first time someone posted about this.i researched the shit out of it and came to my own conclusions
we tried to help, but some souls are lost
i researched the shit out of it and came to my own conclusionsThat's the difference between you and the usual pink wojak poster who lost everything and thinks about suicide
I mean seriously, 60m Mcap is absolutly nothing for this coin
cheers bruhhere's my theory: this will see some price action in the coming days because as of late it hasn't penetrated 2150satswhen it starts tickling 3500-4000sats people will take notice and from there the sky is the limit and hopefully koreans will decide to pump it.
then you know a 10x is on the horizon.
This coin has huge potential
That would be cool.
Looking forward what is about to happen today.But honestly cant see a cup and handle pattern as OP described it
4374568neither can i but TA is rubbish especially after it just recently began trading.
How the fuck do you own that many.
I have 100.
Tip me 10 for being a young anon trying to get the ball rolling?
0x9633ff6a5225932882dcd2c1ef1f79f5c78e2fca
Because I'm in the game since 2013
tfw /poorfags/i have 160 of these
OP is right, cup and handle is forming and seeing that this coin has only positive things going for it, I expect this one to breakout upwards.
Only put in 2 btc so far, might put in 2 more.
Those x5 - x10 arent coming along every day.
Nigga, where the fuck do you all see a cup and handle pattern?
I cant see it
I was in the game as well.
Difference I had thousands stolen from me by friends and exchanges.. kinda took a break after a (good buddy) who was doing tech shit for me ran off with all my LTC and a bunch of other shit we mined...
learn to read a chart or stop trading
min chart11-14 12:30pmstarts thereit's at half a cupbut i'm not sure how he extrapolates the rest of it and the handle lolit's selling hard i've been tracking this since the morning when it was trading at 2150i watched it slowly descend to 1850 (feels good buying low)
How about you show me instead to show me how much of a wannabe pro you are?
imagine PBC decides to recommend this coin.
it would make perfect sensehe did after all postpone his announcementand the alpha release is tomorrowmehsteroids
Cup and handle @ Bittrex 10-15 nov. 1 hour chart.
and the alpha release is tomorrowisnt it today?
11/15
If Bittrex lists this coins so fast after the ICO, they must know more than we do.
This one will breakout in the upcoming week
yupmy bad
it would appear that many are selling to get their hands on some XLM
yesterday I kindly asked someone to delete their RCN thread.I am all for sharing information about this coin but I really don't want it to descend into some LINK type emotional coin with a billion threads a day.Like OP, "whales accumulating, blah blah".
This is not informative at all and will only attract pajeet PnDersFriendly sage
this guys FUCKING gets it
Hard to decide...
I actually love to milk pajeets money, but this coin has some real value
XLM has too much going on today and tomorrowmight want to park money in that for a quick double or triple up
i bought yesterday some, but too high, at around 2100sats, but i guess the alpha net will attract interest and the price will rise...
Just wait my friend
This is the only coin that I can forsee not dumping for news considering it will be finished with its roadmap in fucking aprilThis can x10 within a quarter but thats the max
I will :)
4374410
Maybe that's a "sign": http://www.dailymail.co.uk/wires/ap/article-5084555/Pope-gets-Lamborghini-auctions-rebuild-Christian-Iraq.html
why?