I have about 160k in crypto currently with holdings in omg/kyber/linkOutside of crypto I don't really have much of a steady income.
Should I begin college in january and look for a wagecuck job and just forget about crypto for a few years?
bump
I was in a similar situation at the beginning of the year.
I was scared to hold but it kept going up and i quit after 5 months.
Itd be a good idea to wagecuck for job security, but you might not have to wait years to quit
what do you do now?
dont go to college unless its something legit like doctor.
just cuck around for now youl probly make it within 5 years anyway
Go to college and do ROTC if you're an american.Or go to service academy in whatever country you're in.Screw wagecucking.
4254811>holdings in omg/kyber/linkalso wtf are you doing with those shitcoins do you really think they have a future?In asia, you can walk into any business, propose some collaboration, and the owner will blindly agree even if they dont understand what youre doing
i gamble on memes, and wonder why im still here.
I want to climb mountains, not be on 4chan.
wasting your money on college>forgetting about crypto for yearsI mean, if you're going to go to college, why waste your time working minimum wage or a little above when you could just maybe take 10k of your holdings and squeeze it while you're going to college, and concentrate on your studies and get better grades?
If I was to drop 70k+ interest on a piece of paper, I'd want to get the most out of it.
You could also trade casually while doing school work and make a few extra bucks off of alt coins
You could also trade casually while doing school workreally?
i couldnt do it.
too addictive
I've been considering a job mainly for experience.
Being at home for a good chunk of the day honestly depresses me and my brain goes all over the places.
I've never really had a job before.
I was just lucky to make a good chunk of money off crypto from some inherited money I received earlier this year, but I'd like to just leave that there for a longer time and not touch if I don't have to
liar
You should've put that money in Bitcoin tho, shitcoins may fail you, but bitcoin will stand for a long time.
Then join a union and learn a trade.
I got started in IT and fell in love with cabling and electrical stuff, so I took the electrician unions test a few years ago and passed.
I started off as an apprentice making 25 an hour with full benefits from like 7am to 3, 4pm Monday through Friday.
I pick up side stuff on the weekends sometimes.
I'm a journeyman now making 50 - 75hr on my way to being a supervisor/facilitator for my company
 Whenever your shitcoin bleeds
Yeah dude you should.
Don't fall for the "college is a scam" meme.
The people pushing that likely majored in some dumb shit.
I've gotten excellent ROI on my college degree