Total newfag here.
I've spent most of my adult life in the poverty trap, generally 2-3 steps below wagecuck most of the time.
I've managed to save $500 that's finally not tied up in other shit.
Is it possible to buy into cryptos that low and still build a decently survivable income?
How many people swing trade?
Who uses inter-exchange arbitrage?
Anyone got an inspiational suicidal leverage success story?I'm not hoping to make fuck you money off my first $500, just trying to view things objectively and ask questions wherever I can.
Thank you my dudes
I started with $500 just like you!
The key thing is to find the next NEO, and you too will quinpruple your dolares.
> $500 --> NEO --> NEO jumps from $20 to $40> $1000 --> BNB coin --> $1800Just go all in on shitcoins a few times, and you will be a millionaire eventually.
I'd stay away, crypto is gambling.
that $500 can definitely be better spent somewhere else.
Well done Anon, you're doing better than the majority of Americans.
At this stage, crypto or any investment for that matter is not a good idea.
You should save up 3-6 months of expenses in cash before anything else.
Once that's done, follow pic related.
True, I've been watching shitcoins all year (poor person paranoia) and I always seem to pick the ones that flop hard though.
Amy you could recommend looking into?Fair enough.
If you were in my situation, what world you invest $500 into?
Yeah, still in the bottom 20% of Australians though.
That's a really good chart actually, cheers.
I've got a planning hard-on already reading through it.
go through the chart above your post.
it's from reddit's /r/personalfinance which is a pretty good resource.
make sure you have a budget, have a financial road map, see where you can save money by buying in bulk and stuff like that.
Cheers and good luck lad.
You'll make it, you've got a good head on your shoulders.
The 3-6 months expenses is key.
God forbid, if you get laid off at work, you need those savings to get you back on your feet again.Watching dollars go up is fun!
4391762Awesome, thanks for the advice.
I'm back on the job market at the moment, so I'll aim to have 3 month's worth of expenses put aside by the start of February.
It'll be good to be raking that paper again.
keep accumulating btc.
only seek to buy in with dips/corrections.
avoid selling btc as it will come with a heavy price/lesson to pay.
altcoins are only used to trade and increase ones btc amount.
discipline yourself with this in mind and all your wagecucking will return with significant interest.
bump
Alternatively, make it your mission to make at least 1% gain every single day, after fees and everything.Even with $500, at exactly 1% every day, after a year you'll end up with nearly 20k.740k in 2 years.Good luck.
So I shouldn't keep my portfolio spread eagle across the block so to speak, but use alts only for trading to further my btc hoard?I read that from a few forex day traders actually, they only risk 1% on a purchase or aim for a 1% increase every day.
I was hoping it was still relevant in something as volatile as cryptocurrency.
Thanks very much!
precisely.
huge tip
I would buy ETH.
One is $329 today and with the Casper release that shit is going to 1k sooner than later
Humble anon, respect