7 hours more until exchange announcement.HST bros, are you ready?
hope this shit isnt priced in otherwise ill be holding these bags forever
Mate, this token is only 5 days old.
It still has a long way to go.
Binance, bittrex etc.
No way would it be priced in already.
Price predictions after it hits a few more exchanges?I'm hoping at least 0.002 ETH, got in at 0.0009
I bought at 26 cents yesterday.
Did I get priced in?
Look at how GVT got justed when it hits kucoin and binance.
Fucking brainlets need to stop assuming exchanges are ALWAYS good
4403517Well a few days ago it once hit 0.0012 ETH, so I'm pretty sure it can reach 0.0015 - 0.002 ETH.
New exchanges will surely bring in new money.And we haven't even talked about Binance/Bittrex.
These exchanges will eventually list HST.
It's only a waiting game.
Who's talking about KuCoin or Binance, faggot?CEO said it's definitely not Binance/Bittrex.
They are aiming at medium exchanges first.
Most likely they will announce Cryptopia in 7 hours.
Because HST is Australian and Cryptopia is NZ-based.Big exchanges will come later.
GVT is a piece of shit compared to HST.
Buy ASTRO and be comfy
And also GVT could be considered as security.
Won't touch that.
Securities are ticking bombs.Shill me ASTRO, anon.
HST ready to take off>Most likely they will announce Cryptopia in 7 hours.The absolute state of /biz/
...these HST BAGS HNNNNGGHHH
thisHST is a very promising project.It effectively eliminates any doubt about poll tampering.
Even though im 50% up right now, this is one of my long term hodls.
Strong and stable growth, anon.
I prefer HST to get listed on medium exchanges first and growing strong support than immediately getting listed on Binance and dump hard like GVT.Worry not, anon, for HST is not another pnd shitcoin.
See?
This guy gets it.When you've got a solid project with solid idea, solid team and real life usage, it's better to hold it for months or even years.Good things take time to fruition.
STILL GETTING JUST'D AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Watch GVT pump when HST dips, new exchanges aren't always the best short term
Look at it this way, anon.This token is only 5 DAYS OLD.
It's currently ONLY on ED.Sure it sucks to buy at ATH and then get dumped on, but the chance for you to break even / make profit off of this token is bigger than the chance for you to lose your money in HST.We still have a long way to go.
Still so many possible exchanges like Binance, Bittrex etc.
There is still a huge room for growth.
I don't think we should compare GVT with HST.
HST is much more promising
Sure.
But more exchanges will bring in more money and make the price less volatile.Also, I'm in HST for long term because I believe in this project.
So small obstacles don't make me worried.