BUY HIGH / SELL LOW GENERAL

kek
Rename it BHSL, dumb.
Went full /biz/ on the flipenning, bought butts at $7100, traded for BCH at $1500 panic sold at $1200 FOMO'ed back at $1400 and held eversince while I watched Buttcoin reverse and BCH tank to sub $1k.
Time to go all in on BCC
Bought CFD near ATH...get on my level pleb
I picked up bitcoin at 8341 and rode it to 8120 when I put it all in POWR around 24 hr ago.
.
>feelsokman
JUST
I needed that laugh.
nicee
I tell myself I have learned, but I keep repeating the same mistakes.
I have accepted I am just a degenerate gambling and I need my fix chasing pumps and losing money.
Most of my money actually gets wasted by reckless trades after I have made some profit, i.e.
not being patient and always buying into ask price and higher, making multiple trades with high commission.
To sum up I am pretty much shit at this but I like gambling.
If you're investing in shitty coins, then selling when it drops 5% is justifiable, since shitcoins are shitcoins.But if you buy a good project, then you should hold it long term.
Stop trying to day trade.
You aren't Warren Buffet and this isn't the stock market.
This is an unregulated market where coins like BTC have more value than ETH and LSK has more value than ARK.
almost a 33% loss in 3 minutes.
all in the span of 30 minutesbravo
Never change, /biz/
now I know what bagholding feels like.
I'm ready for another 40% loss from here.Kinda more comfy than I imagined
% loss in 3 hours is shocking.
Were you all in
My JUST gallery
You make us proud
Wow to be fair that's an understandable case.
What the fuck happened to it?
no was like 15% of my portfolio.I never go all in on shitcoins, only did it once with XMR, where you can just hodl until you're green again
Warren Buffet is the faggot who tells you to buy and hold because he can't trade for shit.You should not try to hold and just to JUST'ed like the stinkie linkies>hurdur how will you time the top?You don't have to to, just get the fuck out before you're down 80%.
lmao
Are you fucking retarded?
you really think billionaire can't trade?
how Narcissistic are you lmao get a life loser4507619
Relax Warren.
We know it's not your fault.
being this ADHD with a currency with great fundamentalsBought at $1k before first moon missionHeld while it pumpedAnd held while it dumpedAnd held while it bledAnd gonna hold while if it pumps and dumps during weekendPretty comfy desu