I think Binance's competition just fucked Nuls moon up.
Think about it.Once it reaches 0.90-1$ the people who want to win the competition are less likely to BUY because going upwards and above 1$ is not as sure bet as buying in the 0.70-0.80c range.You don't want to buy 100k nuls just for the competition and be forced to sell lower.However once it reaches the 90c-1$ range the people who want to compete, may as well just SELL, because sells also counts towards acquiring trading volume for the competition.So what this does it locking nuls in the 0.80c-1$ range as long as the competition lasts, because no one is letting this baby go below about 80c.If they announce some kind of big partnerships today, it may surpass 1$ despite this dynamic.
But otherwise what i realized is that Binance competition that is presented as 'good for everyone'/'everyone wins from this' sort of deal, is really only mostly good for Binance, and smaller time projects which need any kind of exposure, any kind of news release.Nuls didn't need this.
AT ALL.
It has enough going for it on its own.
More than enough.Next time you see one of these 'good for everyone' situations orchestrated by a finance guy, really try to grasp the subsequent dynamics because chances are it's benefiting him for sure, at your potential expense.Perhaps that will let more people enter at sub 1$ prices, and somehow that might be a good thing long term but ehh, there will be lots who may be dissapointed that there is no movement upwards.
What a momentum to be wasted.Fuck this.
Exactly, who thought that thi competition would've been a huge moon mission is a deluded Nulsy.Also today's pump has been made for the competition, smart based whale, dumped after midnight and he's solid on the 1st place.It will be manipulated for a week, it might be worth it swing trade it.
I see you're losing money in the exchange too, anon.
Everything will be okay.
You are literally retarded if you didn't expect major profit taking after a 60% pump
I agree.
What a mess.
Where do you see the ranking?Thanks, but I entered at 0.30c and 0.26c.
Don't hate.
No way I'm not looking down on Binance for this whale pleasing, market dynamic fuckery called competition though.
The people who can play this are already well off.
The projects that need this are already in trouble, and the non-whale users can indeed benefit in that situation which will allow them to sell their bags.But for a project with a healthy amount of ongoing interest, as far as I grasp this dynamic, it's mostly an obstacle.
However IF they announce "One Road One Belt" involvement today, this will not be a problem.
However IF they announce "One Road One Belt" involvement today, this will not be a problem.If they ever announce that then this is going straight to Uranus!
You can't see it, I think, it was just a guess.You get points for sellin too, soo...
I've been selling roughly 20% of my stack at $1 and re-buying between 0.90 - 0.80 to increase my stack.
FUN did a binance competition as well and it did nothing but tank the price.
This might just be a blessing in disguise.
This hopefully gives us a few days to bounce between 0.80 and 1.0, or wherever it is the sell walls move to.
Learn how to swing trade and make it work for you.
And if it does crash to 0.50 or below again I am going balls deep.