POWR is about to have another push, big news causing FOMO!
m coin supply that just peaked after a week of FOMO surge.check LINK charts to see your future
No it's high enough... blockchain out in Q2 2019.. 300m cap already.. trading solar power lolololo ahahaha fuk is this chit.
https://www.reddit.com/r/PowerLedger/comments/7dzo9d/why_power_ledger_will_be_a_top_15_coin_2018/Long term gains this will be higher than ETH.This is the only coin currently out there that has already partnered into real life usage, beyond the purchase currency that can be used at the odd store here and there.
Stay poor
get left of earth fag.
Dont buy POWR.
don't be rich.
we don't want you on the team
There is no real life usage, they're partnered into fucking testing like a hundred other shitcoins, they received an insignificant grant pushed through by an early investor, their partnerships are of values 1000x less than ETH, it is literally a fucking ethereum token itself
Ethereum is merely a platform for listing applications.
An open source platform at that, which has been replicated multiple times.Powr to actually function, needs infrastructure, and this infrastructure will give it a monopoly.
The electric markets are monopoly markets, and if powr integrates with the big electric companies then it will soar.Currently many countries have green policies where electric companies are forced to buy back consumer production, and they buy back at a higher than production cost.
This coin solves that political hurdle for them, as now they can pass the cost to the consumer and take a cut without doing anything.
Everything will fucking soar if it "integrates with the big companies".
This isn't going to happen tomorrow and until it does we can watch it bleed with little news bumps to keep cucks cucked.
The run is ogre kiddo, take profits and keep moving forward
Just wait for the bots to leave it alone and it will increase steadily.
Elliot wave priciple
Its gone sideways and the price lsited is irrelevant since the volume of coins being traded is less than 10% of the current coins in circulation.
Angles on those last two waves should be less steep.
Moving much slower than I thought.
Won't happen since the coin is being forcibly stabalised.
RIP...for now
ive seen this happen too many times.
pm CST
Anon, look at this image.
What wave will be the next wave from the top, most zoomed out elliot waves in this image?
hahahaha
Powr is a working product.
Link is a coin that was shilled by /biz/ because Sergey has the same initials as Satoshi.
LISD will become the first European Application Host to offer Power Ledger’s blockchain-based peer-to-peer energy trading platform to support the development of low-cost, low-carbon distributed energy markets in microgrid developments in Europe.The agreement sees the Australia-based Power Ledger support LISD in marketing, planning and developing the metering, market settlement and reconciliation components of microgrids while LISD promotes and develops sustainable microgrid developments and other trading uses based on renewable energy and storage systems in Europe.The agreement was announced at the European Green Australia Summit (EUGAUS) hosted by the Australian Embassy in Berlin today.
Power companies will just start offering payments in btc/eth.4533058
no they wont.
where has this been announced?
or did you just pull this from your arse.
normal crypto is too volatile for the consumer market, read the powerledger whitepaper.
why would that be bad?
ok i was trolling cus im too dumb to understand thispowr is still crypto how do they create stablization at some point in this thing to be able to sell shit?
sparkz?
I think 1 sparks = $1 AUDSo you use the token to buy sparkz and get cheaper solar systems and some other benefits i believe
a fucking spirograph Sell you cunts this shit is going down!
Yeah basically sparkz is supposed to act as a tether for the AUS cent, used for transactions on their network, While POWR is used for trading a stake in their grid, which is going to be big during the coming age of renewable energy/carbon credits etc (big in australia/commonwealth)Jo wants to buy 100kwh, so he buys 0.01eth, in 30 minutes eth is dumped 30%.
jo is pissed and cant pay his power bill.
legal issues/consumer laws arise.
)
ETH price stabilizes more every day2) Joe should have planned on holding Sparkz or POWR tokens, but I bet there are remediation plans to convert USD to POWR, as they plan their own blockchain anyway, IDK3) potential to participate and stake what may be the largest alternative energy network in at least three countries to date > your FUD
the mommy glow
by jo i mean a normie who doesnt care about crypto and just wants to pay his power bill.my fud?
sparkz is created by powerledger ya knob.
you even read their announcements?
can you even read?
She's not a virgin?
FUCKING SELLING ALL MY TOKENS ROASTIE BITCH
Why do they need the token
We are now breaking below the lowest trend line.
I repeat, we are now breaking below the lowest trend line.
Buy orders are set
Get ready Anon.
The bids are flowing in like mad.
Be ready in case it only reaches 8k as it will recover fast.
How do you know it wont go down to 7k
I thought so before but after looking at the fib for the past two waves, which are fractals, meaning the same price movement on a larger scale, that would be very low.
It could, but I think 7.5k or 8k is more likely.
No way they don’t get acquired by TESLA or similar if they are even moderately successful.
POWR can build potentially the largest energy network in the world.
Networks > money.
tesla would just copy themthe energy market in the us and eu is regulated by the govtthe govt can make their own blockchain
Watching this in the 5 min now since we're on the edge...look at that stoch rsi...
Would be a good time for that Thai news Jemms.
HERE WE GO!
what program / site are you using to see that
During whale accumulation phases TA doesn't work.
Cute charts tho bb
Tradingview on 5 min candles
WHERES MY GAINS REEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Soon
Go to bed matt
HAHA YOU JUST CONFIRMED YOURSELF AS A VIRGIN.
STOOOOOOOPPPPP
Is the dream over?
next moon mission is FUN
http://www.s mh.com.au/business/the-economy/turnbull-government-invests-in-cryptocurrencybased-company-for-the-first-time-20171121-gzplb4.html
look how cuuuute her babby is
Its picking up?
who the fuck is spam buying this shit
its MOVING!
Grooooooooovin Magic!
It's just as Lain predicted...... hahaha.... oh no no no NO NO NO hahahaha
MOOOOOOOOON you bitch YAAAAAASsssssss
Pajeet better fuck off with his 10k sell wall this time
Uber to partner Mahrinda (who just partnered with Power Ledger)https://www.reuters.com/article/us-uber-mahindra-india/uber-to-partner-with-mahindra-to-pilot-electric-vehicles-in-india-idUSKBN1DO0MQ
SHIT POWERED COIN HERE WE GO
FUCK OFF WITH YOUR SELL WALL PAJEET.
HODL AND GET THE REAL BOBS WITH LAMBO MONEY RATHER THAN SHITTING IN THE STREET WITH YOUR DIGITAL BOBS REEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
SING IT WITH ME AND FUEL THE MOON MISSION She packed my bags last night pre flight,Zero hour, 9 A.M.And I'm gonna be high as a kite by then.I miss my gains so much, my BTCIt's lonely out here in POWROn such a timeless coinAnd I think it's gonna be a long long time til paaajet brings it down again to find out i'm not the coin they have at homeOh no no no I'm a rocket coinRocket coin burning out the fuds up here alone
where is the sell wall?
Which exchange?
can you post pic?
beautiful
Yeah it feels like there's one at or right before 10k.
All day it has almost reached 10k and then dipped hard again.
I'm watching this right now pic related while I try to go to sleep.
I can really only see the price and a section of the chart.
Crypto is life.
Pic related
sing this in every thread please like last night
Where the fuck is this pump coming from?
Yes
https://www.reuters.com/article/us-uber-mahindra-india/uber-to-partner-with-mahindra-to-pilot-electric-vehicles-in-india-idUSKBN1DO0MQbig if big
The glorious PAJEET PUMP IRL
true if big
POWR has electric vehicle product too very tig
Perfect 10kBut I'm a hopeless case of hodl
> 10k 10k 10k 10k 10k 10k 10k 10k 10k 10k 10k 10k 10k 10k 10k 10k 10k 10k 10k 10k 10k 10k 10k 10k 10k 10k 10k 10k 10k 10k 10k 10k 10k 10k 10k 10k 10k 10k 10k 10k 10k 10k 10k 10k 10k 10k 10k 10k 10k 10k 10k 10k 10k 10k
DONT STOP ME NOW
How are these sell walls getting demolished so fast?
Wew.
WHAT THE FUCK IS HAPPENING

when will we overcome these walls
As always, PL's team about to drop official announcement today in time for weekend.
Like clockwork, every Friday, only that this time the news are bigger (involving both government and private sector use of network).If you been day trading this gem, you're about to make bank today and all weekend!DYOR, this is one of the only solid projects worth holding long term.
Day trade in order to increase stack.
Pump is back baby!!!!!
I'm so fucking rich thanks to this coin
how many you own
Except it's already Friday night in Australia.
Stop spreading this shit.
Close to 400k coins that I bought at ICO
Finally back to the price I bought back in at.
Was geting nervous.
.
News are always released by PR Wire service based in Europe.2.
The largest investor base for PL is not Australia3.
Outside of AMA sessions, there has not been one single media release made to fit Australia timezone.
Instead it has been timed for Europe/America's business timezone4.
Look back to every Friday official Media release since ICO.
ALWAYS IN TIME FOR EUROPE & AMERICA TRADING.
They know their market and the exchanges that matter (Bittrex).Make sure next time you do your research and don't put down a tip that is meant to help you make money.
Stop spreading fud just because you missed a good entry point.
POWR will go much higher today anyways, so you can still get in.
Thailand announcement will come this Monday, my little cucks.
And the team is currently in india so get ready
1 post
thai chinks?
who gives a shitthey all have HIV and eat grasshoppers
they have billions too.
its enough to gzt me interested
"Russian Hackers.
And Pajeets.
And Wall Streeters.
And Tunnel Snakes.
They are hacking you.
The mob, Putin, Stalin's ghost, Soviets, Chinese bureaucrats, Chinese capitalists, are hacking your mind with propaganda and artificial crypto prices.,,,,,,"