Mainnet out in a week.
It's gonna explode.
Raiden $RDN could be worth 2% to 10% of Ethereum's Marketcap
All the attention is in POWR right now...
I got eaten alive by the commie scum here for buying this at ICO.
I knew they were idiots, of course, but still makes me hate most people here
Stop shilling coins.. Mainnet is not launching
This coin made me release 90% of shillers on 4chan are paid marines.This coin litterally invested 0 in shill, marketing & communication.
They didn't bother fill a single exchange listing demand, still they were listed for free on binance and huobi which put this in the same btc/ltc/eth league.Biz never talk about this, and when I see a thread, there are maximum 5-10 reply.The first thread I saw on biz made me bought this at 0.9$ on etherdelta, the had litterally 0 exposure, something like 10 reply as I remember.
It was 2 weeks ago.Since this, I saw like 2-3 thread about raiden per week maximum, while I see all day thread about HST, Confido, etc..This board is full of pajeet paid shillers, but when it comes to real coin with innovative technology, biz doesn't care.
I was thinking of investing in this token (mainly because some former ethereum guys are working on it) but then I changed my mind.
Why?
Because the token has not a real value.
You can pay the fees in their net using ethereum, so why should I go through the hassle of buying a token when I can just use it?This ICO is just a cash grab because >muh ICO
>was about to dump 20 ETH into this but fell for the LINK meme instead
Vitalik hates this team.
The token has no use.
Why bother?
Always the same shit, the token has no use blablablabla.DYORThis is going to be a gamechanger in the crypto world.FUDsters fock off
all day threads on HSTThats a fucking lie and you know it
should I get in now or wait?
its shooting up crazy
There are about to release the main net and already have thousands of users waiting.https://medium.com/@raiden_network/the-raiden-network-token-model-9b6ef8d0b64
so buy NOW?!
or buy when others sell the news?
I can see this at $25-$30
Holding since ICO, comfiest hold since ETH, looking for reaching the 6 figures with that.I talked about it during the ICO and after but everytime the thread died with just 2-3 guys repeating the same retarded FUD.Also the main reason I didn't shill it much there is because I know it didn't need it, just check the company people who are behind it, everyone actually not obnubilated by the money and who is interested by the techno know Heiko Hees/brainbot and what Raiden does, it's no wonder it has a pass on every single exchange, also just wait for Bittrex and Poloniex to add it.4505095>bein this stupid>coping this hardIt's a 500 millions-1 billion dollar coin.
So it's already reached nearly half of it's potential?
Bought at ICO already made x2 SO SHUT THE FUCK UP
thats how you know what coin to really buy, its whatever biz isnt shilling.
im sad that biz is shilling powr though now, i bought in a week and a half ago and now everyones gonna fuck it up with too much hype
The same thing could be said about link.
Could you explain why the token has value?
would also be interested in thoughts about that
Thanks for the tip, friendo.
Still going to baghold link till the end of time, but I'll keep my eye on this.
Idk about them not having a white paper, we'll see after that.
Plasma will make this coin worthless