
I'm already all in
Will it ever do anything?
why?
I'm already in :)
FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK
i will when i get the alert at my buy in level OP, no reason to buy now
All in.
3x by spring.
x by SPRING, thats it????
might aswell trade forex
Cmon whales just fuck my ass.
Make it lower i dont care anymore.
Fck me no lube
https://medium.com/@biz_classic/whale-proof-faucet-promo-giving-thanks-eee3baff6307Faucet cooldown halved, rewards increased for the next 48 hours.
Happy Thanksgiving Arkies.
All in on ARK and ETP AMA
Th-thanks Chang!
Yeah, lets all buy in so we can sit around and watch as it does NOTHING for months and months.
Absolutely based
The date becomes later and later every day.
Isnt that weird?
Sure is weird, it's almost as though it's never going to happen right?
4519266It's mooning in December.Screencap this.
its goin to moon very soon.HOLD THIS SHIT.
HODL WITH ALL YOUR STRENGHT HOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOODL
Why now?
when am i supposed to get my daily payout?
i havn't received any ark yet
Do u want to wait til it hits 2,5$ levels?
Doubt that will happen.
Ever.
Again.
can believe it return to 37000. it will probably bleed until 34.5 and 35
It won't payout til you have 1.1 pending and the interval you set is hit.
thanks
Can't believe I bought this shitcoin at 3.17
Read the FAQ next time.
https://classicdelegate.biz/faq
no
Yep , after bch does it's thing this weekend buy ark , sold my 4k ark yesterday for 40k when some fool fat-fingered it , bch will get me 10k+ ark
2 months ago my TA showed a breakout around this weekend.
Projected price per token is $10.
But there was all this btc drama so I dont even know anymore
post it
its preparing for moon, resistance is resilient as fuck.arkies are truly deluded, and they aint selling
Seconding this, I remember him posting it a while ago
I'm done accumulating it's time to fucking moon
I wouldn't mind accumulating a bit more myself, but if it mooned now I would be good :)
I think it will soon.
We've been seeing serious resistance/stability the past few weeks, that's usually a good sign.
Plus major updates soon.
Guaranteed to be between 3.05- 3.20 by end of year.
Get in now before it's too late.
is ARK the comfiest hold of all time ?
Every week when I see my 2ARK payout from the 1.2k ARK staked it brings a big smile on my face knowing in a year this will be worth 20 buckaroos.Also just rolled a 9992 on the faucet.
Can i get some ARK pl0x?
;_;ARdBwRdBjL3KCdwDpH31oU5qmoANfQsi65
go here:https://classicdelegate.biz/faucet