Anyone else in here aiming for a permanent portfolio?
I am not the greedy type.
Just want to buy myself out of the rat-race for good.My story in short: (30 years old) I'll be reaching 500k USD (3M swedish SEK) in around 3 years time.
I worked my ass of for about 10 years and received additional money when my father passed.My yearly expenses amount to 20k USD.
That includes (cheap) rent, food, clothes, and some for leisure activities, etc.
The basics really.
Not a big spender as you can tell and thats fine.
I cook great food and hang out with a close group of friends, I read alot, shit-post, workout.
I live a spartan lifestyle but its cluster-free and debt-free.
I am without any worries.
Can not ask for more really.
My hope is to leave my job when I reach my goal of 500k and be able to spend all my time doing what I actually enjoy instead but which does not necessarily pay well.20k yearly would be 4% of my total bankroll.
Also taking inflation into account and perhaps hope for a small profit but at very low risk.
I would have to aim for around 7-8% yearly which feels doable.
How would you diversify it so that the volatility remains almost non-existent.
Any great permanent portfolios, dividend portfolio or other fail-safe investing that you know about that could easily garner 7-8% yearly without huge drops if the market crashes.Thanks in advance!
My bad.
3 MSEK is around 350k USD.
If you're looking to build a permanent portfolio, to be frank, no one really knows which coin will remain 2-3 years down the line, what I can say however is the current top 20 coins really minimizes your chance of getting a bad pick.Invest into coins that generate you dividends or generates the holder incentives.NEO -> This has been one of my personal favorite token, holding NEO will generate you gas, you can search up online how much NEO is needed to generate 1 GAS.
Now the great thing about NEO is you don't have to keep the wallet open whatsoever like other proof of stake coins.
Now I'm only going to through what the coin offers, as for the utility and community, you can read more into it [One of the coins that already has a real use case as well as great partnerships]Hope it helps you in any way!
Happy hodling!
btc, eth, ltc, omg25/25/25/25forget about it for 4 years.
congrats you have millions
Stand alone coins/tokens are a liability, can be replaced by competitors overnight.
Make sure whatever coins you buy have a strong platform.
BAT for example has the Brave Browser as it's platform & Brave's user base is steadily growing.
Those Brave users aren't going anywhere quickly & when BAT finishes development they'll passively contribute to it's economy.
replace ltc with xmr and I like this
BTC 30%ETH 25%NEO, QTUM, OMG 20%The rest in speculative low market cap bets.Don't listen to people that don't put any risky assets on their portfolio.
If you do that you will under perform the market.
find every competent team working on a product that isn't a fucking currency.
ex: Eth, ripple, bancor, factom, storj/sia/maidsafe, and so on.
spread yourself out over them and manage your portfolio.
buy low, sell high