0.38 BTC portfolio here>Just pasted my address in that thread where the guy stuck the spoon in his ass-30 minutes later Open my Exodus wallet that's supposed to have 3.2$ in it>See balance of 0.244 BTC=1757.15$>Almost have heart attack thinking some whale actually gave me a seat on the spaceship>Try and send it to bittrex but Transaction error: Broadcast transaction error >I see the notice they have and an explanation that it's a display bug on their website and understand it was just an old transaction>XD I want to dieIs anyone srsly whale here or we all just larping?1CxNwEeYDN9mVRL4wvBrLHb6qPagtdZiLF
create beggar bot that writes funny words>collect stacks on autopilot
XD I think in reality nobody here ever sent anyone else any money in the history of this board
OY VEY
I call them generation Z..millenials at least remember having to pay for some things instead of being quasi beggar animals
Someone sent me 10 JUST tokens before
It's gotta be jews
Pajeet needs coins 
Pls gib money I'm so poor3EToaQzVaYNnXKUHRpiCzKTho84vZSjNLq
no im talking about you rofl
Not a whale but I run a mining group where we all use L3+s and I'll send you 1 LTC with a potato or carrot in your butthole.
Timestamp with vegetable in butthole and out.
Been posting people to take this offer in btc but no one wants it.
Trying in LTC now.
I think some people have done it, otherwise there wouldn't be beggars..
If more people "shared" more beggars would appear.
I'll do it for 2But you have to send 0.3 LTC first to confirm ur srslyI have carrots in the house LdnS57ayXArrZ8wHruFQPTbWmUB2HETzYL
where was this thread with the buttspoon?
desu when my coins moon I'm gonna come on here and make dudes stick stuff up their butts
XD it's this but the mods took down the picturethe lolz are still there though
damn.
no one saved it?
Unless this is why more beggers appear...Only because they think.
XD i could have, didn't even think to do itask over there maybe some1 did
yeah I got it, thanks buddy
I got 20 bucks of FUN before!
NOICE
i would do it but i cant afford food
Beggar BTFO'D
Well yeah but the story is true
I've received about 900 worth of airdropped coins from here, and the other day someone sent me .05 eth to use as gas.
Really made my day.
Youre the spastic memecoin hoarding retard from the other thread.
Stop typing like an absolute low iq mongoloid its as bad as your trading strategy and shitty threads.
Kys
I got 5000 wojak coins, I feel rich my /biz/nigga
I got ~$2-3 of BTC for making pic related on a request.
Also got a 2 ARK tip for my year is 2025 pasta.
Also got 1.02M Ohni when that guy was giving it away a while back.
Hope that pumps one of these days.
His site was certainly coming along nicely last time I looked.
Forgot, I also got some NGR back when it came out.
This is how you write on the internet fucktard!Almost 2018 and you don't know this yet?XD also which memecoins did i HOARD?
?top 20 of those coins were over 75% of my portfolio and those were some of the best coins out there, after the fork nonsense was over i shot up 31% and i never had to research a goddamn thing
kek what ever happenes to the just fag?
I thought he was gonna send us 1k just each
how the fuck do you get a potato in your butt?
This is pretty gay mate.