Ethereum could certainly surpass BTC imo.so many more uses.so many more projects.BTC is amazing, but Ethereum is very up and coming.
Buy now or you are a faggot
Wait for it to go under 300 then buy
ethereum needs to get it's shit together and leave bitcoin behindstop copying bitcoin charts ethereum grow the fuck updon't be a lil bitch
https://bitinfocharts.com/comparison/transactions-btc-eth-sma7.html#1yAll you need to know.
Not to mention that Ethereum isn't operating anywhere near full capacity.
On top of that, there are multiple solutions already in the works for the inevitable scaling problem.There are so many amazing things coming for Ethereum.
The developers are about a thousand times smarter and more active than on any other cryptocurrency.
Casper, Sharding, Raiden, Metropolis, zk-SNARKS and now zk-STARKS (quantum resistant version).
As well as all the hundreds of revolutionary projects being built on top of the platform.
The backing of over a hundred of the biggest companies the world.Ethereum will end up being the biggest invention since the World Wide Web.
The reason the price seems to barely move from $300 is because everytime it lifts off, an ICO team attempts to cash in.
Vitalik is already working on a solution to this problem.
It's highly unlikely it'll ever go below $280 again.It just baffles me that normies keep piling into Bitcoin - it's a shitcoin that does literally nothing other than supposedly accumulate value.
Ethereum is the real deal and most of /biz/ knows this.
Where's your ID?
AAAAAHHHHHHH NO ALL OF MY FUCKING LINK IS GONE AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
holy shit so many misinformations in one postthis is your average eth investor kek
My parents have been getting on me to help them invest 50k in crypto.
Starting last week, I've had them making weekly 5k buys on Coinbase of ETH.It has the stronglest long term potential, desu.
And it is the coin most independent of Bitcoin's bullshit price swings.I can see this doubling or tripling in the next year with all the shit coming down the pipeline.
It is halving soon, PoS is coming, and even though it isn't designed to be a currency, it is still more functional as one than fucking Bitcoin, which is saying something.
I missed out on so much money holding this coin, it isn't "up and coming" at all, it's stalled at 300 and never changes.
I’m glad Ethereum is here.
We need another stablecoin with all the shady stuff surrounding Tether.
This.