IF YOU LET BTC BE DETHRONED WITHOUT A CERTAIN REPLACEMENT, CRYPTO WILL HAVE LOST ITS ONE SOLACE OF SECURITY - NO RESERVE ASSET = MASS HYSTERIA.
AND CONFUSIONseriously, if this thing goes down and we dont elect an undisputed replacement, all faith will be lost in this space from outsiders - LAY YOUR BETS ON THE NEW RULER NOW AND MAY THE BEST TECH WIN
its pretty obvious how btc falls and bch rises that the true bitcoin is reclaiming its crown.
Tether will replace it :>
4305668>If you don't pump my bag Bitcoin is doomedThe absolute state of /biz/
No one cares
He didn't mention any coin tho
ETH
he’s right thoit will set a terrible precedent if the crypto reserve is dethroned by an “upgrade” forknormies would NEVER adopt this shit - “lol bitcoin purple x is now the real bitcoin”
bitcoin purple xfucking purple x shill, bitcoin xtreme is satoshi's true vision
This is a fantasy that every BTC holder has: if BTC crashes, everything else will crash too.
While it is likely to happen, it is not a certainty.
There are no facts about the future.ETH has already a lot of pairs on exchanges.
A lot more BCH pairs will be added soon.
It could work out without BTC.
what you miss is dethronement wont happen without a replacement.
think about where we're at in the adoption phase - just google 'bitcoin' and you'll find dozens of articles published by the LARGEST media outlets across the globe in the last few days.
The masses ARE WATCHING - YOUR PARENTS, GRANDPARENTS ETC.
ARE WELL AWARE BUT HESTITANT OF PLAYING.
this thing goes off the rails at this point, with out a solidified leader in its place, and you lose all the steam you've built up thus far
ok ok bants asidedoes anyone genuinely think like this?
chainlink will become the new reserve which binds all the cryptos together functionally anyway
if btc somehow dies it's OVER motherfuckers.99% of shitcoins will die in a few days, all the speculative money (like 90% os so) will be gone, normies (easy money providers) will be gone, finanacial institutions will leave and FUD the shit out of this market.I know most of you faggots don't have any btc because you're all a bunch of cheap fucks chasing 10x's with shitcoins that never happen to you anyway, but you're now biting the hand that wants to feed you, but go ahead, kill the golden goose, just don't be surprised when all you have left in aftermath is pink wojak in your head
No, if BTC dies, Bitcoin Cash will pick up where it left off.
There's too great of an underlying demand for a noninflationary asset that can be safely hidden from capital controls.
keep telling yourself thateveryone wnats to jump on a cheap train to $7500 and guess what, once bch will go up too much correction will happen and people will start pumping another shitoin as the next bitcoinyou are naive if you believe that bitcoin can be replaced but bitcoin cash cannot
HAHAHAHAHAKYS
AHAHAHAHA>look at me>BCH is bitcoin now.
LINKIESSSSS COME OUT TO PLAYYEAYYYY
oh you fudding feds wish this tech dies with btc how naive
if bch wins, speculation and investment money will dwindle out of both over the next year.
the killer app will be dead as it corrects.
blockchains will take off eventually but it'll be an uphill battle until we have a killer appI'm new to this stuff.
I think some of you BCH folks have your head in the game and can't see why a digital token costs nearly 8K.
it's insane.
the entire currency is only worth anything if BTC wins out
It will all go to ETH or LNK, which actually have long-term solutions to block size problems.
Soon the true Bitcoin will reveal itself
no one cares about buying their pumpkin spiced lattes with Bitcoin.
the transaction fees aren't holding the network back yet.
the world won't be there for yearsthe only use Bitcoin had was as an intermediary between the alt coins to use as a foundation
not embracing bitcash classic as the true vision of satoshi
If BTC fails it only proves what normies have been saying the entire time.
It will drive away all potential potential investors.
Their thought process being if I invest it will just go away in a few months.
USD doesn't go from being worth an amount to being worth nothing in a matter of a few months.
No it won't.
It will be replaces by the "new and improved bitcoin cash" ;^).
Corecucks just upset they bet on the wrong horse.There is still time to switch to the winning team...
the only use Bitcoin had was as an intermediary between the alt coins to use as a foundationAh yes, that was the purpose of bitcoin
the transaction fees aren't holding the network back yet.Tell me then how did a block just get mined where 35% of the profit was transaction fees?
And why is nobody mining right now despite the high BTC rewards?
BCH is just better.
most of this stuff only matters if you're a margin trader.
sounds like a lot of you chumps got addicted to the thrills.
there's no scenario at all where BCC truly wins.
the amount of horror the ecosystem will be hit with (through setting a precedent for uncertainty, horror stories hitting mainstream cycles causing investors to hestitate) if it tanks BTC will put the entire system in chaosi hold nothing of either.
the only safe place to be afterwards will be an alt coin, which is where i'm sitting pretty with ETH (for reasons unrelated to this).
you guys go sell chump #1 coin to buy your chump #2 coins.
i hope you crash them both LMAO
lel, BCH is a garbage and anybody who's been around can see that.
p-please, guys... let's centralize the market again.
We can't go on without a weak spot that can be hijacked by THEM.
this just proves that it is impossible for incels to win at anythingthe best thing you idiots had going for you was that you were FIRST on a cutting edge tech, cementing your position in a future new world order ruled by digital coin, but you got played by the chinks and chads (as usual) and now it is all tanking in front of youif you guys kept at this without getting greedy, instead of me cumming inside your girlfriend when you weren't looking, you'd be cumming inside mine.
but nope, the world order ticks on and chads stay winning LOLLL
BCH is an easier snack now, but it's going to die off quickly if people won't start to actually use the coin.
This.t.
I want to buy shit but can't right now.Give me my BTC back.