>We dont believe in marketing, we believe in a strong productIs that the most self cucking statement in all of crypto?
Someone should tell them the ones that market are the ones that win.
Ever heard of putting the cart before the wagon, you fucking dunce.Chill the fuck down.
which ironically is what cucks do.
yeah man that anonymous Asian guy really marketed the hell outta Bitcoin
They do market you boob.
They just did SIBOS, do you know what that even means?They're just not doing the hype thing, like """some""" cryptos are known to do.
They're not making this thing just so you can get some quick pnd gains with your neetbux fuckass.
Go shill verge or something.
Thank god Sergey doesn't stand infront of google signs holding a skateboard
He's been speaking at big conferences, wtf more do you want?
they said they are hiring a marketing person
He is upset because Sergey is not sucking his token-holder dick despite the token being geared towards enterprises and not individuals.
Oh but they are, without us investors their little business never wouldve done jack shit.
Now it is time to make us rich boy
You mean one of the most ingenius marketing campaigns in crypto history?
Yes pls.
OMG would be worth 50 cents if they had Sergeys POV about marketing.You realize market selects on marketing, ignore it and guess who wins?
the ones who do focus on marketing.
Basic evolution.
K, guys you shitpost clink so much here, I'm giving it a shot.
Questions.
As I understand they did pre sale of 35% of tokens.
>What was the price for presale?
15 usd cents?I went to coinmarket and I noticed that people trade these tokens.
today it is worth 19 cents.
As I understand it's not a crypto, it's a company share, share that will be used in trading later on when they will develop new products.
As for now it is just proof of ownership of product - share, since you can't use it anywhere except sell or buy share itself, nor you can mine it.Token=sharequestion>when those clink products going to show up?
2 years?
5 years?>where do I store this clink share and where is main trading site for clink share?Since there is no actual developed product in use I'm going to invest about 10$.I will think about 100k after a year.
There are far better products that can make me cash in 2 years, while your cash sits doing nothing.
he wants to see coupon codes for toilets feat.
chainlink
If I didn’t know this was a troll I’d enlighten u on the fact that the #1 transaction data processing company for over 20 years still isn’t a household name.
What goes on behind the scenes doesn’t require marketing.
OP should stick to fun coins like OMG so he can draw their logos next to his favorite band on his math binder
You are getting ahead of yourself.
Decentralized oracles are the cutting edge (meaning it's still being worked on) to actually making crypto applicable to the real world past the big token circle jerk that goes on.
The technology is partially still theoretical, just like Plasma is.
That said, it's mostly a business-to-business technology and that's where the token comes into play.
We (you and I as individuals) don't really have a use for the token since we're not running business that we need to pull APIs in and out of the blockchain for.
That's why many people are mistaking his lack of marketing to individual token-holders for lack of effort.
While an AMA or roadmap without news would be nice, that is not going to be what makes or breaks the project.
quit bean a little bish and get out there and shill to make your dreams come true
OP is 100% correct.Robert Metcalfe, the inventor of Ethernet, became very rich only through marketing:"The main reason Ethernet - which in its quarter-century has accelerated from 3 megabits to 1 gigabit per second - prevailed over competing technologies like IBM's Token Ring is because of Metcalfe's toughness and charisma.
He invented Ethernet, but he also made sure it became an open standard."
we dont believe in real world use cases>we dont believe in having a product that makes sense>we believe in memes and toilets
This is the literacy level of LINK fud.
Token=shareIt's a token.We know exactly what it's going to be used for.What the fuck are you even talking about?
ye fuckin dunce>he also made sure it became an open standardoh you mean like LINK??
CL is being marketedIf their marketing isn't dirrcted at you, most likely an average millenial who doesn't know how to spend their money, it doesn't mean ot is non-existent
4298061>Robert Metcalfe, the inventor of Ethernet, became very rich only through marketingLook, who did he market it to?
Industry players (like Sergey is doing).
Marketing to petty traders to pump the coin price is not the equivalent of what you describe.
They're working towards actual adoption of the network, as Metcalfe did for ethernet.
To that end, coin speculators are useless.
Very few of us can even run nodes with desirable data.
In fact they have to distance themselves from this heated token market to appear legitimate to their target audience.
OP is right that maybe we are the ones getting cucked for now, with the price being much lower than it could be carried on speculation.
Hopefully the market will catch on soon or we can do something about it.
There would be no bitcoin without the marketing.
RIP link
We dont believe in marketingnon stop shilling from day one
tell that to nem
Holy fuck, how can someone be this ignorant?
NEM is highly active on social media and IRL.