If /pol/ can meme trump to become president, we can meme chainlink to the moon.
first one never happened, second one wont either
Deluded Liberal
Nolinkers are all salty liberals.
and we will.
but rome wasn't built in a day
meme chainlinkThats not how it works, memes won‘t help you hype a not completely finished product.
Who here /ancap/?
4503491>she unironically thinks le /pol/ had measurable effect on the election
I don't think there's any crypto out there that's "completely finished", what the fuck are you talking about?
No, but we can meme Sergey into further obesity.
They didn't, /pol/ was more like a symptom of a much larger cultural shift in western youths.
Like a backlash against the hypocrisy of their left-leaning SJW peers, older siblings, and drama-queen celebrities.
Fascinating stuff.
Can't wait to read social commentary about it in twenty years.
well, CIA calls us "thu russians" and claim we "hacked the election"WTF im a vodkamissile now
spot onask yourself what people do when they cant accept their own reality
I like the reality where im a kremlin operative better
Oh linkies.
What would the world of cryptocurrencies be without you?
What do, we owe the honour.
The promise of Link seemed glimmering at first.
The premise of 'rent free' was surely innovative and ahead of its time.
But, as time showed us, this coin was nothing more than a pump and dump that inadvertently created the most deranged community of bag holders known to man.
A community that incessantly screeches "rent free" whenever they feel threatened, which is very common.
To be a linkie is to be deranged.
Having lost everything, whether it be your house, marriage, wife's sons college money or life-savings surely takes a toll on the mental serenity of a linkie's mind.
Slight threats critiquing the developers of Chainlink sets the common linkie into a state of neurosis that can only be cured by euthanasia or the eventual revaluing of this godforsaken currency.
However, once the price reaches 10 cents, the value will continue falling.
This crash will be catalyzed by the fact that thousands of wallets will be lost as a mass suicide of linkies, causing the price to dip even further.
Don't be deranged, don't be a linkie
It already did, where the fuck where you for the first few weeks?
4503549Trump didn't win the popular vote, you're the minority.Neither Don nor Hilary should be president.
DERANGED
neither won a majority, it's irrelevant really
Who was that then?
Leddit?
their degeneracy probably produced more trump voters then did le ebyn /pol/you are deluded if you think otherwise
It clearly did, Trump only won because of social media.
Most of the pro-Trump propaganda was conceived on /pol/.
Most swing states he won by less than 50k votes.
Even if you were to say that all of the social media propaganda pushing for Trump only had a .2% on voting that alone would have been enough to swing the election to Hillary.
Stop posting this in multiple threads faggot
If im a minority now, do i get free gibs?
Nobody said anything about popular vote, so why are you posting irrelevant things?
Are you actually retarded?
Well, the maybe you should start shilling fucking Chainlink OUTSIDE of /biz.
Literally nobody knows of Chainlink outside of 4chan and a few redditors on r/LinkTrader, which are probably mostly the same people as here.
This makes only like 0.01% of the market population at best.
If Chainlink doesn't get more market exposition and actual marketing from the team, this won't move for a very long time.
I go to the Ripple page on normiebook sometimes, and in the comments of their posts I will occasionally see pajeets and muslims shilling ChainLink.
Kind of funny really
Well, eventually it will moon, I suppose.
I seriously think about just putting them on my hardware storage and not look again at them for a year.
Delete from blockfolio and mind my business.
Moon or death.