https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Calvin_Ayre Scroll down to bottom after reading basics at top.Entirely ignoring any possibility of craig being satoshi:Consider that Calvin probably amassed an immense amount of BTC before 2017's explosion.Consider his net wealth at that time.Consider how balls deep he seems to be in BTC/BCH politics and BTC before the split.Roger Ver, who hasn't even offloaded most of the ~75K BTC he put on exchanges some days ago yet and he still shows and signals by erecting massive sub-price buy walls regularly, and that's likely less than 1/2 of his BTC.Consider that Roger Ver is likely a dolphin compared to this potentially monstruous sea mammal of gargantuan proportions that could eat whales like plankton.
looks like a total faggot
good analysis my friend
and this is only surface level analysis of how corecoin will be destroyed, the technicals look even more dire
So what are you saying?
Im green as fuck and I dont quite understand whats being implied here.
Do you mean these three are going to sink BTC through currency manipulation?
Yes looks like Roger and other whales are going to dump their BTC soon.
After reading this all of them probably have over $1.5billion in BTC??
When your arms are short and your bags are heavy
Reminder that Roger Ver is a pole-smoker
over $1.5billion in BTC?
?btc is 120 billion, so dang that 1%
You retard it’s aboht the amount on the exchanges.
There’s never 1.5 billion dollars in buy orders at any one time.
Thats what I was going to say... these three dudes have the power to swing the price $72 lol .. Big fucking deal
You're forgetting the thousands of alts with BTC trading pairs holding open orders, if you dump BTC/USD here is example of what is going to happen - LTC/USD pair now extremely profitable, people buy BTC with USD, trade BTC to LTC and sell LTC to USD... this drives BTC price up until it stabilizes
yeah you got it dude if he has 1% of all bitcoin that means he can affect the price only 1% if he sold it all
implying that core is incapable of hard forking
The amount in circulation on exchanges is not the same as the total supply.
If I buy 50BCH and HODL then im effectively taking it out of circulation and reducing available supply.
Holy fuck some people here don't even understand the most simple market principles.
If he want's to sell 1.5 Billion of bitcoin, there needs to be 1.5 Billion dollars waiting to buy at that price.
If he sells that much... supply/demandmore supply than demandprice = down.................fuck me sideways this board gives me more anxiety than holding onto my links
43872054387632highlighting all the retards, surely one of you is dumb enough to buy my link
>he thinks the biggest whales support BCrashOh boy.
Isnt bitmex doing this with all the BCH they have on hand?
Seems like were in the midst of a fullscale war lads.
Where do you get these detailed technical charts from?
implying they aren't forcing customers to sell it at rock bottom price to the exchange so they can hodl bch for moon mission
really?
I would never guessed.the real plan for these guys is to temporarily tank btc.
they will buy the bottom they make fucking as all with heavy bch bags
It's impossible for them to dump even 5% of their accumulated BCH without absolutely demolishing the price of BCH and ending up losing money on it.It's 100% impossible for this to be a pump and dump.
They are all in and they live by the BCH or die by the BCH.
Can you attempt to break down the mechanism behind BCH's jump to 2600?
implying that core IS capable of hard forking
Captain obvious strikes again
Why doesn't Ver just pay off some exchanges to open up BCH pairs?
Look at bitfinex, the management are all fraudsters already and they list BCH as Bitcoin Cash (while bitcoin gold is listed as bitcoin gold), they'll take anyone's money.Just pay off bittrex and binance to open a bunch of pairs and watch BCH snowball.
Ver is a much larger whale than Mircea
Because he doesn't need to.
They'll stabilize prices/buy up BCH on the cheap and the exchanges will naturally add the pairs thanks to Bitcoin cash having the third largest market cap.
Typo - Bitfraudex list Bitcoin Cash as bcash while Bitcoin Gold is listed as Bitcoin Gold.
They stink of fucking fear.
This whole speculation on killing a coin.... i dont know man, it seems totally wrong.
You should put your money on the stuff thats the most solid and not trying to kill a good product in favor of a worse one but that you are invested in.
Looks threatening what these guys are doing but the way the universe is constructed i dont think they can get away with this profitable in the long run
kill a good productBest joke on biz today imo.Congratulations on this, seriously.Both BTC and BCH deserve to die and BTC deserves it orders of magnitude more.>The way the universe is constructedWhat did he mean by this?
this is the kind of shit I come here for
I did mean that when you're longer around you start to see the deeper patterns and insights into this show , a 20 something year old simply havent had the chance to yet.
I drop you a (unrelated) small token of gold: Serial relates more to Close and Parallel to Open.
There's no way you will find this ever in a book as you need already need for this small deeper relation a shitload of knowledge to get there plus is impossible to proof for a normie, they will just exit and ridicule cause its a masive overload for them.
When you get older you find these gems and a lot more, e.g.
how retarded, weak and full of shit most people are and how to judge people correctly.
Also you become inwards a sexist racist nazi but thats another story.