Buy The Dip @ 7050
anything in the 6000s and i'm going back in for moar
Make it to lower ya cuck
He got the 5 and the 7 mixed up...
Daytrade something else.
we have a date with ATH, THEN you can have your dip to 6 before the Normie runup to CME.
Have my buy in.
Thanks for the heads up.
We going to ATH tonight?
Friday.
Still time for a few more bump ups and consolidation dips on the way up, just like we like it.
Yes, Sir Wallace
Get ready for the go, Boyos.
7050 incoming.
Took me a bit to convince others to let it go below $7100
No.
Stop buying $7050 before rocket.
Sorry, we get a little eager and jump the gun when (you) show up.
Not doin' nuthin' 'till it hits $7050.
I'm mildly perturbed that my meetings with Clients today druug out, and made me miss the 7K Dip.
I suppose I am being churlish.
OOOOooooh dayum.
That Bitcoin Cash Crash looks painful.
How are your bags, Anon?
BCHers report in.
Talk some shit to me like you did in the good old days.
It got my adrenaline pumping.
test
USDT wallet is under maintenanceHere we goy goyz, the money is getting wiped
I set a buy order at 7080 before going to sleep, am I doing it right?
Yup.
You will get back in just before me.
I am being stubborn.
Will probably have to fomo back in if someone pulls the trigger before I do.
lol.
No worries.
just printing more from what I hear.
I will tell you when to bail in.
Oh well, screw it.
I know where this is going.
Stealthed 53% of my funds in between 7063 and 7068.
Going all in with the rest.
Go time shortly.
Strapped in and ready.
A dip to 4500 is still possible, but i think it's over for now, next stop is probably 10K.
It should be 13k, but i think the mental barrier of 10k is going to be huge to pass through, after all it'll be the first time it breaks five digits.If it plow through without resistance, expect 13k in short order, if not there'll be a dip to 6000.
"A dip to 4500 is still possible".
I'm sorry you have zero abstract Reasoning Ability, Anon.
Please do not hurt yourself, nor mislead others by grabbing numbers out of the air.
As my 7 year old Protoge Grandson can tell by looking at this chart, the last BIG DIP made it down to just sub $5500.
There IS NO BIG DIP BEFORE THE NEXT ATH ON THIS CHART.
Period.
I once took an Abstract Resoning Test at an "abstract" Agency, and the only person to ever score higher in the history of the Institute was a Colonel in the 944th at Luke Air Force Base in Glendale, Arizona.
Pic related.
This
Now, can ANY of you manage enough Algebra / Trigonometry / Abstract Reasoning to tell me what the NEXT ATH will be?
If not, you have absolutely no business posting random numbers pulled out of your ASS on /biz/
How about (you), Faggot?
My guess is 8000-8100
Holy shit, Oldfag, are you going to start crushing and throwing Orcs from the parapets again like last night?
That was badass
Told you I was getting ready to go all in, FAGGOT.
Did you buy?
No.
You sat there flapping your disrespectful piehole.
Oh my!
Would you look at that green candle.
So you're saying its gonna dip to 7050 and I should set limit orders to 7050?
It hasn't touched 7050 in the last 24 hours.
It'll obviously continue upwards until a yuuuuge hackarino.
Then it's time to triple down and wait until you have enough to retire.Or just day trade for big cums.
Would it be safe to buy in now.
Please be honest with me.
I hate losing money.
Fuckin knew i should have brough in at 570o
GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO TIIIIIIIMME FAAAAAAGGGOOOOOOOOTTTTSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Too late.
It was always too late.
guys I appreciate even $1 or less of btc thanks1CXf3Y5EYMyfbaKXhqtgSWxDC6TrDBGU3e
Reading comprehension is not your strong suite, I take it.
If you read the thread, I gave up on the 7050 dip, and decided to go.
Don't ignore my post faggot ex CIA OP, do I wait for 7050 or buy now?
by Fib but it's too close to psychological 10k value for me to actually trade the gap.
Probably will close long @ 8500 just to be safe, I am not greed.
Question.what happens when bitcoin stops being mined?
Do current coins stop working?
k potential, but good call on a safe trade.
Well done, Lad.
The moment BTC breaches $10k is the moment to ultimate normie and investment FOMO occurs, the likes of which we've never seen
Tiny sell wall just moved back to $7300.
Buy at new support from $7000 to 7020.
Shoulda bought when I said.
Thus the 18k Potential.
Well brained.
Sorry for being a bit of a noob....but why do you think its going to drop to $7k?
What if it stays above $7.1k until the next moon?
I still think it's possible to break $10k by end of the year or early January
Good catch 7200 7220 is support
Buy now or is it dipping.
I have no idea what the fuck its doing anymore.please helpful advice.
I wanna make money to god dam it
I've been up for a couple of days dealing with other matters, I'm going to let this anon take over the thread.
I have to sleep before I fuck you all up.
I'm all in, and 5 more Anons are scheduled to go all in shortly.
We have a pecking order.
Set your buy at 7160, even if it dips back there, it will snap back to Triple Point Support at 7200 before the other anons tier in.
Godspeed, and Good night.
I dont know what to do anymore.
Fuck that shit storm from the weekend.
Its put me off bitcoin so bad
I already rode it up from yesterday.
I don't want to sell and buy back, so I'm just going to stay put.
Anon, you can always invest in stocks and not have to worry about your investment every day (until there's a big market crash).
The money is to slow though.
I need to make it my man, god dam it.
Just one mil would be nice and i would be happy
Also on my exchange seems like the selling % is slowly gone up.
Im sure it was 90% buy and 10% sell.
Now its 87% buy and 13% selling
plz nigga i been eating ramen and buying bitcoin every week with my paycheck.1.27 btc and climbing
It's gonna hit 4-5k around Santa day
Faggots its dipping