told you faggots
Lol i checked the githubs and omg has no code.
Absolute state of it.
Req is gona blow that vapourware out the water.
please stop posting req on here we dont need link fags buying req and selling at a 2x cause they can't hold a coin longer than a week
Thank you, stop runing coins that has value.Keep PnD shitcoins if you want but REQ is not like that.
dont need pajeets buying this coin and selling at a 2-3x when this is obviously a 10x by q1/q2 2018
lol link pajeets have no money left.
I wonder if they will do staking or not
REQ website just looks scammy.
Is this really a good thing to invest in?
PAYPAL 2.0.REQ WILL BE 800 MILL company in 3yrs.
it will be the most aggressive project in there field.
All these fucking websites look scammy.>they all have lines and dots moving on the screen
What seems to me is that they don't waste time on reinventing any wheels and use tools that are there.Also running on 0x protocol and using Aragon and Quantstamp.
I mean.
I really like the way they are setting this up.
REQ WILL BE 800 MILL company in 3yrs.More like 800mil in half a year, 20bil in a year, 300bil in 3 years.
yep partnerships within the dev community instead of trying to take over and do it them selves.
Its might be staking in the future but for now its just network effect
OMG pays dividendsREQ doesn'tDon't fall of the buzzwords of REQ shills
Why not just put half your money in each?
how much in dividends have you received from OMG so far?
REQ has openly said that it may pay dividends based on how the Plasma network is created and that there are too many uncertainties around development to comment any further as any comments have no basis in fact.
They do state however that a burning mechanism is definitely part of their roadmap and is already functional.
Someone has already burnt about 0.8 REQ.OMG on the other hand posts pictures at google and apple with captions like "In talks of deeper partnerships" when really they are just renting a server of them.
Sounds like a business partnership to me, faggot.
You idiot.
REQ will be burning tokens on use = huge increase in value, plus they are going to have staking.
That being said I have both REQ and OMG, both will do well.
I know pajeets like you can't afford both so have to FUD.
>total supply 1,000,000,000 REQ kill yourself kek
doesn't know what a burn mechanism iskill yourself kek
price per coin mattersDo you know what a MC is, anon?
pajeet didnt read the whitepaper
lmoa
I sold half my OMG stack when it mooned to 117sats to get over 100k REQ when it was 958sats.Am I doing it right?