Hey /biz/ complete fucking normie here.
How do I enter into the crypto exchange with USD?
I want to lose all my money and be miserable with you all.
Considering bagging some BTC and riding.
Buy high sell low.
Welcome to /biz/
Go on coinbase and make an account.
Follow instructions they give you.
Go buy some BTC (it's cheap now!)
from localbitcoins, easiest shit ever if you're EU.
If you're from the States, probably coinbase (but it's the devil)
OP here.
I mean literally how do i purchase shares of BTC.
I made an account with Kraken, but it wants photo ID and shit.
Is that the best way?
I'm from the US.
Why is coinbase the devil?
Better alternatives?
shares of BTCYou can purchase a part of a coin.
I'm only 18 and have .563 BTC
So as a normie US citizen with a bank account wanting to buy BTC my best option is to purchase through coinbase with my bank account?
Pls confirm.
>shares of BTC
My understanding is you can own BTC and have it in either an exchange or a wallet, correct?
kek
Correct
In the past 10 minutes I've made a coinbase account, linked my bank and bought over 1k of BTC.
Thanks /biz/.
coinbase.
its available for ios and and android, and online.
you have to verify your identity to start trading, plus link a credit card/bank to deposit funds to buy.
go on youtube.
you can use gdax to bypass fees, but it's for the more advanced trader.
shares of BTCDon't buy something you don't understand.
Gtfo.
also, welcome.
you're either going to make big money here or get into the alts game and lose bigtime, or maybe get lucky.
either way, it's a roller coaster ride so just don't pull your hair out.
relax, we all started somewhere.
let the kid live
Thanks for the youtube advice.
I'm a retard for not checking.
I didn't think that much info would be there about the topic.
OP here.
I'm a /biz/let I just want to spread my wings and use terms like larper, pajeet, and mooning.
4322355Good luck, I bought at ATH a week ago, you're probably already beating me by the days end.
LdtXD6Riuw9Jx2B8C3Wc5xMjjq9qKoNc9Good.
Now as a gratitude, practice sending 0.5 BTC to the address above
>shares of bitcoin
Damn I'm getting shit on hardcore for the shares of BTC comment, my asshole hurts.
But I thought you guys might enjoy a normies perspective.
I just yolo'd so free cash into BTC and I'll sell around 10% when it spikes and re-buy in the 10% in dips.
I'm either a genius or a retard.
Shit seems too simple, I'll wave as i drive by in my lambo /biz/.
Fucking hell just lurk.This shit has been getting answered multiple times daily for years now.
Yeah, I apologize for the ignorance I'm sure it's commonly posted.
I see this being the biggest dip in BTC for some time so I wanted to capitalize quickly as possible.
Selling at 10% gainsHere's what's gonna happen anon:>Btc goes up 10%>Sell btc>Btc coins to go up another 10%>Fomo back in and end up with less btc than you started>Btc drops 10% >Decide you are smarter now and won't sell until it bounces back>Btc drops another 10%>Panic sell>Btc climbs 25%>Fomo back in now with significanly less btc in your stack
Don't.
Leave while you still can.
Put your money into something that will actually make you money guarenteed.
Nah, I intend to do that strategy only at times of severe dips/moons.
Not weekly like a pajeet spaz.
Whale tier decision making.
Make you money guaranteed top kek.
Like what a .000001% return from a money market account rofl.
fucking kek, thats me.
nuke my ass right now
I knew this and still bought.I bought the 10% BTC meme.
85% in safer stuff I deposit into regularly and 5% free to do whatever.
I'm like OP I just want to be miserable and enjoy the ride.
Last night was a good time.In Canada we have Tax Free RRSP (Similar to 401k) that work great for a lot of people
OP here.
I think you misunderstood my logic.
I mean I will sell 10% of my BTC during a spike.
Not sell BTC at a 10% spike of BTC value.
Hope that clears up my point.
OP here.
When BTC is used for large international purchases and reaches 10k.
Profit.
We fucking know you’re OP, retard.
There are IDs that tells us so.
I don't know how to triforce or greentext either :).
Refer to post image.
I just know that 4chan is all 130+ IQ autists that will know how to do this nerd shit.
red IDjust dont trade anon, only holdyou need green like me to make it
Teach me how to green test and triforce ill shill you some of my BTC.
How?
Took me a week to get verified.
Coinbase didn't have a verification.
Just gave some info; name, address, etc.
Then connected my bank and made the purchase.
It says the coins wont be "mine" until like 9 days or some bullshit, but I think that's pretty standard.
I'm from Canada.
I literally had to open an account at a new bank to use 1 of our 2 exchanges, Canada sucks.
Just a load of Rick and Morty fans.Be carfeul
Damn that blows.
Well coinbase charged me like 15 USD for 1.5k USD which is about .26 BTC.
I'm looking on GDAX now which is an extension of their site that uses the same login and has less fees for trading.
GDAX literally uses coinbase
MFW when my portion of a bitcoin has increased by 200$ while BCH continues to dump from pajeet shecklers profiting off of scared normies lel.
You can only get 0.1 of a bitcoin.
Youd need like 600 to enter
Nah.
In the US on coinbase I just bought 1.5k BTC and I think i saw the minimum was like $1.99 or $19.99 something like that.
Definitely not $600.