Just thought I'd share and some of you might find it interesting.https://neo.org/competition.htmlWhen that site was first brought up here 30 mins ago, it had small mistakes all over the site such as the 5 rules being rule 1,rule 2,rule 3, etc.
After refreshing it just now, it looks like they just finished adding the rules.
Also, the names for the judge panel had grammatical errors such as lower cased names and Da Hongfei's name being presented as dahongfei.
This has all been corrected within the past couple minutes as well.Not sure if anyone else noticed it and just thought I'd share
Yep, it's pretty much confirmed then.
That's what I noticed too.
They're fixing the errors and getting ready to tweet about it.
The only thing I want to know is if they've partnered with Microsoft or not.
Saw that too, this is most likely the "news" they were talking about.
Noticed that as well.
They changed it a few minutes ago
"Co-organizer"
Considering the competition signup opens today I'd say this is definitely it.Question is do we get more news or is this really it?Disappointed none the less, but I'm sure devs might be excited
Microsoft missing from the judges panel too.
lol
no and the only reason you will ever see microsoft and neo together is because neo uses microsoft programming language stop being fucking dumb
>Co-ognizer Microsoftmuch professional, much wow
I didn't say that, someone else did
4461360Hi there "OtherSideOfThe_Coin", "Throwaway678687", and "NickSync" from reddit:https://www.reddit.com/r/NEO/comments/7e01r6/daily_discussion_november_19_2017/?sort=newNice coordinated FUD you guys have going on.
Still accumulating huh?
44613934461360do you know about IDs?
446136044613934461515What are you doing?
What's an id
Retard feels like he's a detective or some shit investigating a meme
Why not fix the errors on a page BEFORE putting it up?
Really unprofessional!
was it all, or other news coming?NEO price rising now
The Asians have insane competition tv shows, this can only be a good thingWtf did you think this was going to be?>Da Hongfei as host>fabio cohost
why NEO mooning?
Microsoft is a part of the Ethereum Alliance and when that was announced it didn't do shit for Ethereums price.
Guys this is 99% the fucking news.
Do you not remember Malcoms tweet, the one that got this hype train moving in the first place?!
A CHALLENGE TO THE COMMUNITY aka a damn contest.
SMDH
Are you that poor that $1 up is MOONING???
NEXT STOP...THE MOON.BUY NOW.NEWS INCOMING.
If you own just 1 neo it's not but if you have 10000 it's fucking skyrocketing :)
It just raised by 3$ as we speak.... tats mooning u rich guy
I managed to view the page before it got rushed, there was indeed a Microsoft logo in the top so all out now boys.
ITS BEEN DOING THAT ALL DAMN DAY ARE YOU PAYING ATTENTION.
Agreed Anon , just getting in and get out with quick profit guys
that just implies a break out soon my good sir.
It says right there on the website, with typos and all 'co-ognizer' lol.
Underneath you see 'partners'.There's no partnership with Microsoft, esp over a stupid competition.
Even on the rough draft of the page, which you could see if you keep refreshing it earlier, it would have said something.
It didnt.
Ahh gotcha, well that's disappointing.
breakout downwards
prob this, the "news" is nothing of value.
Just some ICOs and a competition
you are the same person as OP, so why do you agree with OP and pretend that you are not OP?