
google "ponzi scheme"Basically it works, until it doesn't

4252552 are you goys telling me that the 17th crypto by market cap, with $500000000 is an honest to god ponzi scheme, not like a haha this is a bad idea but we'll throw money at it anyway (bancor) but an honest to god ponzi scheme?
yep.
honest to god.
100% certainty, no doubt whatsoever.when this thing topples over, it's going to get real messy
bancor looks legit compared to this bitconnect shit
yesdo some research.Basically it's well known, some places even delisted it
so...okay...so who is buying it then?
Desperate to get rich normies, it's shilled on Youtube and Facebook, people can make money on referals by ropeing in their friends
Its not that complicated.
You give them your BTC, they sell you BCC tokens.
If you have 10 BCC you can then spend them to join the program, which locks up your BCC for up to a year.
Then while in the program you then LOAN your BCC and receive an interest rate which is adjusted daily.The interest is generated by their proprietary trading/arbitrage bot.
Its returns accrue to your account when the loan is repaid.
Using those earnings, you can re-invest into the program.
In addition you accrue some dividend of the interest of the people below you who use your referral code when they join BCC.
The price of BCC, being controlled by the founders, can be buffered from market pressure because they can act as a FED.
When prices go lower, they can buy back the BCC, burn tokens, or issue them.
When prices rise they can sell some BTC.Ponzi / Pyramid schemes are not technically fraud unless they pretend to be something they are not.
At this point, you can make a lot in BCC but only if you can convince a lot of other people to sign up.
Thus early adopters that were successful networkers, taking advantage of platforms like uTube & reddit, etc.
now have a sizeable base which increases their interest profits, and when compounded over time, add up.
this is so weird to me, because when i found out about this i thought it was a ponzi scheme too, but here's the thought process1.
these returns are too good to be true, it must be a ponzi scheme2.
but it can't be a ponzi scheme because it's publicly advertised on the internet3.
a quick google search of reviews of bitconnect, every reviewer says "yes of course it's a ponzi scheme"4. coinmarketcap shows 500 million dollars parket it bitconnect5.
so an obvious, publicly advertised ponzi scheme nets 500 million in an age when uncovering it requires a ten second google searchit boggles my mind biz.
there really this many people on earth that 1. have access to money 2. are savvy enough to hear about altcoins 3. are dumb enough to fall for a ponzi scheme.
HUH!?!?
A good portion of crypto traders don't know what they are buying.
And it's projects like this that will make regulation agencies flatten a lot of crypto soon.
just run the math on 1% compounded daily and ask yourself if its feasible
I live within 10 km from where Ponzi was born.
It uses the currency as leverage.
The more coins that are locked up while the coin gets more expensive.
Less coins they get at the end of the loan.
Simple maths.
The model they have made is 120% return.
So they do effectively afford to pay.
Unlike BTC when people sell in massive volumes, the trade can't be covered and bitconnect collapses and the founders take the money and run.
I think some might fall for advertising.
Can't you buy bcc with fiat on their site?
Normalfags probably think they buying btc.
% of the BCC trading is done on their site
Pyramid schemes are not technically fraud unless they pretend to be something they are not.BitConnect pretends to have a bot that trades cryptos and makes 1% per day, every day.
What is generally suspected is, that they pay earlier investors with funds from newer investors, and the bot does not exist.