Where my comfy Ethereumigos?
I am fucking just chillin watching all these vercucks and corefags bite each others dicks off.
Why haven't you put your faith in a coin that ACTUALLY does something?
fun fact, bitcoin isnt actually used.
The mempool is being spammed to hide the fact btc is not being used.
It's heading to 1300usd
And what does ETH do?
Besides ico scams ofc.
Basically loses 2% value a week
Idk, fucking smartcontracts?
Normies don't give a fuck about smart contracts.
That's what etherfags will never understand.
what do any of these coins do, nothing.
We're all here to make money and follow flavour of the month.
mfw if youre emotionally invested into any coin (enjoy losing money).
Eventually they will use them without even knowing it.
Ever heard of the internet you fucking moron?
ETH-, LINKMASTERRACE 2018 will be the year of making it.
actually does somethinglike shitting erc20 scamtokens all over the place?
Businesses care.
St. Vitalik save our bags
Flippening to $NEO
Smart contracts are just a buzzword meme you idiot
Im always baffled how dumb some of you anons are i sware
>hold eth get nothing>hold neo get comfy gas gains every day
sware
Good ironic post, friend
Because vitalik is an insane communistbut how will they solve the Oracle problem?
ethereum will never moon.
Normies don't give a fuck about smart contracts.
That's what etherfags will never understand.Normies don't give a fuck about the HTTP protocol, and yet they all use it millions of times each day without being aware of it.
Smart contracts are just a buzzword meme you idiotYou in 1991: "The internet is just a buzzword you idiot.
It will never take off"You in 2025: "Why wasn't I smart enough to see the potential of smart contracts and the Ethereum ecosystem?
I hate being poor.
I better look on Ethlance to try and find some work so I can eat today"
Please state the difference between a smart contract and business logic
> put your faith in a communist cuckold who unironically believes in left authoritarianism> put your faith in java> put your faith in repeated security flaws> put your faith in "tokens"> put your faith in "smart contracts"ETH is a fucking joke
you're one of the idiots who actually thought ETH was going to topple bitcoin, and we're dumb for not believing in imagined solutions to imagined problems, okay suresalty alties never learn
ETH is the fuel of cryptos in the future........no joke will be trading 2nd in coinmarketcap.com!!!!
let's not spread fud... only facts....
you're one of the idiots who actually thought ETH was going to topple bitcoinJust because it hasn't happened yet, doesn't mean it won't happen.Where is the Bitcoin Enterprise Alliance, full of first-rate companies building the next generation of connected apps?
Bitcoin is legacy tech, but it has a lot of inertia.
Congrats on this.
Seriously.