>Encrypgen/Gene-Chain>Blockchain to store genomic data so researchers can use and pay people for their data in a secure and private way>Unique coin>Actually developing and growing its team with money used>Recently got sold a node and generating revenue>Just bought super computer>Core Team is Team PhD, now recruiting business talent to help run their business>ICO'd at $1million>Easiest 2-3x given all the shit coins in CMC <$15milAnon, why do you hate money?
Seen this a few times on /biz/ with low responses.
/biz/ is a real classic, buy high sell low.Watching etherdelta tomorrow.
I heard pb might be writing on them for their release?
Got some on crypto next before they converted, some retards sold into my low as fuck buy order lmao
What is the URL to their token on ED?
ffs thats the standard chartered logo
It's not on ED yet, it'll be soon.
They're converting their token to erc20 to increase liquidity
whats the ticker on ED??
...nowhere to buy it at the moment then?
This is interesting to me.
I'm really enthusiastic about genetic research/tech, both in the scientific and economic sense.
I want to buy this, but I can't convince myself that blockchain is a useful tech for this application.
Could you shill me on this some more?
Maybe give me a specific example of use case?
To Anon,The genomics space is currently an emerging space.
It took man 13 years to successfully sequence a complete DNA in 2010, which costed 3 billion.
5 years ago it costed 100~200k.
It now only costs $1000.Genomics is a young field, as young as Blockchain.
Why?
Because it simply is so new.
The revolution of DNA sequencing is akin to the revolution of Blockchain in banking.
Now researchers can access DNA to study a myriad of things.
DNA tells us everything about you.
Your IQ, life expectancy, disease prone.
DNA is in /everything/.
It helps with all disease research, forensics, medicine.However they face an issue of not having enough donors.
Donors are not easily accessible, and need incentive to provide their data.
They also need security and privacy (hence Blockchain).
To incentivize donors to put up their data, they can be paid directly by researchers.
Researchers are then able to search up specific DNA's they want, such as diabetes - niche diseases could be worth a lot.
One of the biggest issues with giving DNA is security and privacy as it hinders commercial viability and ease of transaction, both of which Blockchain solve.
Etc etc.
I could go on for hours.
I understand the need for security and privacy in handling genetic data.
However, that need doesn't typically arise in a setting where blockchain would be used.
In the case of transactions occurring between parties in distant locations around the world, blockchains have an obvious utility.
But donors don't need to transfer their genomic data to researchers across the globe, and the security risks inherent in providing one's genome to a research team doesn't come from the need to transfer it securely and trustlessly.
Genetic data used in research is usually disidentified anyway, and often provided by voluntary donation postmortem.
Further, if you're suggesting that donors will be paid in crypto for their genetic data, I don't buy it.
I'm not seeing the utility of a blockchain here, or what the coin would be used for.
What is the point of these autistically specific coins?
Why wouldn't people just use a generic solution like Bitcoin or one of its many faster alternatives?
You need to relax, just buy in, ride the boom and get out