Why the fuck does Bcash keep going up?
I sold all my Bcash after the fork because /biz/ told me it was a Chinese scam.
It's not seriously going to flippen, is it?
It's just a PnD, right?
Bitcoin CashHave some respect
It is a Chinese scam, it just so happened that Core is a also a (centralized vaporware AKA Lightning) scam.
You better buy back in anon, this bull run over the next few weeks isn't going to end until BTC is dead.
Classic case of pump and dump.
sell everything and buy into bcash.
do it now.
it will moon
Litreally just pump and dump.No news to cause the raiseAnd no practical way for BCC to take over BTC because BTC is widely adapted with many users (darkmarkets, high influence investors)
no news is good newshave you seen btc?no blocks are getting minedthis is badvery bad
just a PnDjust 4 billions PnD
THIShurry the fuck up, $2000 TODAY
take a look at this graph blockchain.info/charts/avg-confirmation-time?timespan=30daysbitcoin is doing fine
LMFAOhttps://futurism.com/bitcoin-classic-shuts-down/THIS HAPPENED TO CLASSIC.... HOW LONG BEFORE IT HAPPENS TO YOU CORE KEKS????
LOLLOLOLOLOLOL
https://www.bitcoin.com/public-service-announcementYOU A DUMMY
KEEP TELLING YOURSELF THAT AS YOU WATCH YOUR GAINS FLOW FROM YOU TO ME AHAHAHHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHAHAHHA
omg selling everything to bch
I'll never buy Bitcoin Cash.
Its a trojan horse only setting a precedent for the next Bitcoin Cash.
Its a symbol of the failure of humans to work together for a common good.
It could send the entire space into a tailspin which could take years to recover.
Its what a bunch of psychopaths and primadonnas and ego-driven retards want over everything else.
Bitcoin is doing fine > Over 100k unconfirmed transactions
4299154STOP FOMOing me, IM LOOSING CONFIDENCE
ahhahahahahahahahahahahuauhaeuhwedrfuhtjgvfeadvlhblhijkbvfedrhjbvfeadb /biz/ is the best board everything else sucks fucking cock I sware
No newsUh... Segwit2X cancellation?
we're already at .19, get the fuck in quick
4299091Fuck I'm so confused.
Just sold half of my BTC for BCH.
You guys better be right.
impulsive buys the threadI'm doing the same
:(
See this thread for what's happening and what you should do:
Never thought I'd hold BCH but I have a really weird feeling about this.
Guess I should start calling it Bitcoin Cash now.
Bcash is literally pumped by a few exchanges in korea.
Don't believe this flippening nonsense.
Btc just went up too much too fast and now we have a correction.
This happend before when it crashed from 5k to 3k in september.
you bettere rely on your own decisions
Nothing wrong with riding a pump just make sure you follow the price closely so you don't get rekt.
BHSLclassic /biz/
Just look at where the volume is coming from.
41% Bittthumb.
Obvious pump conducted by Jihan.
He is trying to force a flippening which will kill Bitcoin and all other cryptocurrencies with it.
Think beyond greed, there are more important things at stake.
Fuck your mother if you want fuck
good, btc is a shitcoin, bch is the real bitcoin, this has had a long time coming
That is irrelevant.
If a flippening actually happens the normies confidence in it will be shattered and it will take decades to recover.
bullshit, all the normies already have airdropped bch unless they sold it, which they didnt because they didnt even realize they had it
What about all the normies who bought after the fork?
BTC tripled in price since the fork remember.
Fucking chinks are going to shit everywhere
I sold at 0.3 after fork and sold all BTC at 7k, so this was more profitable until now, but I'm watching very closely now to maybe buy back in
Hm?Bitcoin will crash (is crashing lol), then bit coin cash will crash horrendously and btc will go up again.I got some BCH to hedge and it worked out great.
I hope you guys actually understand why bitcoin will always be king
fuck them, they knew this was a volatile market when they got in
It's just a huge gamble at this point.
Jihan can't keep this up forever, at some point the price will dump back down and that time will be pre-planned by the people orchestrating this pump.
Large miners will decide which coin is king.Winner goes to bitcoin cash
Side note, alts are fucking cheap again, I would advise buying now and not after they've already gone up 30% after BCH has dumped.
buy high sell low
Of course this is a pump and dump.Be wise and put some small short orders at different high prices.
Don't short too much as that might cause a short squeeze though.
The true ETH flippening will happen after the switch to POS.
This is not a flippening atm this is a scammy pump and dump orchestrated by Jihan, don't fall for it.
Western exchanges have suddenly started to buy BCH as well in the last 24h.
Not quite like the Koreans, but much more than a week ago.
SHUT THE FUCK UP YOU FUCKING FAGGOT I WILL LITERALLY REMOVE YOUR EYEBALLS WITH A SOCKET WRENCH YOU FUCKING TURD
Just noobs chasing pumps mostly.
Some were smart/lucky and bought in early but it is too late to buy in now.
It is a massive fucking risk to buy right now imo.
get back in u fucking dufus.