WHY IS BUTTREX CRAPPING OUT I'M LOSING MONEY AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Anyone know if they had maintenance scheduled?
yeah here too
mine basically wont let me sell/buy anything unless i log onto a different computerWTF
ive said this before, but people using bittrex need to honestly stopbinance and poloniex both offer way more than bittrex ever could, and thats on top of the outrageous fees bittrex charges
earlier tonight it was taking for fucking ever to get the "status connected" in the lower rightdon't rely on one exchange, keep your coins on your own wallets
Ditched Bittrex for Binance last week and I'm not looking back.
Binance has a fucking android app OP if you really want gains 24/7 you need that.
bittrex is a scam in every way.locking peoples fundsinsider tradingrichliela twitter announcing coins 10 mins early after his team accumulates then they dump on everyone
and don't forget shittrex keeps your GAS earned on your NEO
buttrexI chuckled

yup we're all getting jizzed on by buttrex
Works on my machine :^)
next generation crypto exchangeits already in the name anon your kids will be the one to do anything with your bags
Dude polo, really?
They have the scumbiest slow suppport ever.
When in high traffic, withdrawal is fucking slow.
I don't know man I didn't see any notices on that.
Are they being ddosed?
Seeing the cloud flare page much more often that I did before
possible
i got out of there weeks ago.
it was good for a while but the goose appears to be almost cooked, or at least it's in a decline phase right now that doesn't help the coins listed there due to money flow.
their withdraw limits became too restrictive.
I always hated the trading engine too.
Poloniex is the best.
they pissed a lot of people off when their servers shit the bed earlier this year during extreme volatility in xrp/str but that was understandable given rapid user growth w/ active users more than doubling over the course of DAYS.
now theyve been winning people back.
the experience there is much better.
the only thing stopping me from switching to binance is the fact its chinese,
Sign in then you'll see
%i'm not sending them copies of my passport
same.
*sigh*i really like their site too, but one of these days the scam will show itself
watched an interview with the CEO on youtube, boxmining's video, i'd recommend it if you are uncertain of them as a company.
you only need to verify if you want BTC daily withdraw limit lol im unverified
has anyone here ever have trouble withdrawing BTC from binance?
so whats the best exchange after bittrex thats not chinese that has decent trading fees?
and don't say bitfinex because they hate burgers
Link that shit nigga
If you think this is bad you havent seen Kraken.
youtube.com/watch?v=LW9QHtLVK-k
people dont actually trade on kraken though do they?, its just the easiest way of getting £ and € into BTC, dont they have like 20 listed coins.
and we're backanyone else facing difficulty?
I tried trading on Kraken but almost every day I had to do orders over again for 30 minutes until they accepted them.Yesterday I tried to deposit 5000 euro and the deposit function was unavailable.
I have put up with Kraken for a while just because their USD margin trading, and their interface which is quite nice when it works.But lately I've pulled everything off of there because it really looks like it's about to go down and not come back up for a while.
Just constant 404 errors and lately it was telling me I couldn't trade because I was only tier one verified...
I'm out.
I also pulled everything off Kraken towards binance and bittrex.But binance seems to have a lot of market manipulation because its relatively small.Im new to bittrex so I cant say much about it but it currently seems like a decent middle ground.
when you mention outrages fees, you talking withdrawal fees or trading fees (0.25%)?, im still in two minds about switching over to binance, am i correct in thinking to take advantage of the lower fees i have to hold some BNB?
you don't need to hold BNB, it will use BNB for fees by default which is a 50% discount from the normal fees they charge.
You are basically buying their coin in exchange for a discount and the system will reduce the discount as they burn their coin in stages.
4372986My bad, yes you need to hold a sufficient amount of BNB in order to take advantage of the fees.
I am holding enough so I am doing that.
See more in the pic.
Still shitting its pants for me
Trying to decide.
Make up my mind.Binance or Poloniex?
Binance has refer-a-friend that earns you commission on your niggas trades in real time forever
Same
I'm emo that I might have to switch to this POS exchange with bitfinex fucking US citizens.
I hope to fuck you aren't storing anything or accessing your accounts on your phone.
They are pathetically easy to hack into, even with the latest firmware.
fingerprint ID and 2FA
switch to binance, bittrex is cucked