So you want to "make it"?
Forget cryptoFirst things first, I would advise you to EDUCATE YOURSELF.
Read these especially the lazy mans way to riches.
You could start simply by getting a job paying around $40k a year>live below your means >save $25,000 a year>in four years you will amass $100,000>Take one of the three roads>Start A Business (Find A Mentor and ask them to help you become successful)>Make A Portfolio (Find a Mentor and invest in Cryptocurrency, stocks, bonds, amenities, options, etc) >Invest in Real Estate (Find a mentor and ask them to help you become successful)
Fucking normie
fucking retard.
you deserve to be poor autistic cuck NEET
save for four years>get a wageslave job>start a business% chance to failBoomers everyone
Your the faggot throwing away 4 years of your life while your in your prime for more momey than you need
those businesses fail because of lazy, autistic, ADHD generation X people like you that want to be entrepreneurs.
BTFO boomer>NEET elite prevails
Find a mentor and be a copycat seems like a plan if we were living in the same time and age as you.WE are the new mentors for the next generation there are no mentors for us we have to do everything ourselves fucking scumbag
Or try this PnD group and double your money once a weekhttps://discord.gg/QhwBPEd
KARL MARX AND NO ROTHBARD..?KYS
Find A Mentor and ask them to help you become successfulDUDE FIRM HANDSHAKE LMAO
You could start simply by getting a job paying around $40k a yearOne does not simply start by getting a job paying around 40K a year
are you implying that's difficult?Hint: it's not.
>tfw am at the amass $100,000 stageWhat now?
Where the fuck do I find a "mentor"?
You do know we made hundreds of thousands in crypto right?
Like I don't think this fact sink in, I am sitting on 400k in BTC, I've cashed out 200k, I started 2 years ago with 10k.Why on earth would anyone on this site follow your advice during the greatest redistribution of wealth in human history where you can throw money like darts and make big gains?
Even if it all pops tmrw I'll be sitting on what would take me 5+ years with your plan kek.
This advice is for the people here who are just starting out without that much money, who are looking for a guaranteed way to "make it".
make $40k>save $25kwhat is tax,rent, food, water,insurance,transport,phone/internet,electricity, transport, most places where ^above are cheap, are remote as fuckresulting in one or several things:>long travelling times>shitty internet / phone signal>less infrastructures / job supply - driving down wageswhy would anyone want to waste the prime of their life dealing with this shit only to save $25k a yearwhen they could invest smart and make several hundred grand a year at least
deluded boomer for surei tried the get a mentor bullshitit's a great way to get lost in the noiseall the media, all the fucking greedy "im the best", powerhungry capitalist selfish motherfucker business people make me sickand if i turn on the radio/tv/social mediums i usually throw up i hope you pay a lot of tax so you can fuel the american warmachine for the war with Iran and Russia and Chinayou don't understand shit cos you living other people's dreamyou need to look into crypto and see what it's all aboutit's about freedom and libeterian viewsnot living like a fucking hamster running in a never ending wheel until your 60 and dieing in cancerget rekt and fucking reconsider your lifechoice anon
inb4 how can you invest when you have no incomeeven $100 invested well can give you thousands in returns in a year or 2
i tried the get a mentor bullshit>it's a great way to get lost in the noiseOk bud.
I'll be here milking the teat of good old shekelstein while you take a shit in your bucket, you NEET
whatever you mean grandadNEET doesnt neccessairy mean we're poor, we just prefer not to give 50% our lifeworth to pajeet niggers like you and the warmongering government & banksenjoy geoengineered whether storms from your godalmighty US government, you'll enjoy it
Yes.. yes it is.
Also enjoy no phone no internet no car and top ramen to get away with 25k z year expenses
Yep.
Invested $100.
Already 840x this year
Anybody remotely competent within the United States can make MINIMUM $40k/year one year after they graduate from college or getting accredited from a trade school, nigger
geoengineered whether stormskek.
And Gen X wonders why boomers think they're retarded
And how rich are you off crypto right now?Then tell me how.
I have never worked a full time job.
Have no marketable skills (Lib Arts).
Live 40 minutes away from any possible work that's not bussing tables, have no car so I need to use a bus to get to places.
Imagine fucking job hunting in a suite on a BUS!
I'll do it, I will, but you damn well better give me a fool safe way that after a month I'll guaranteed have a job.What the fuck should I put on my fucking resume!?
What the fuck should I say?
How can I upskill and make myself valuable to employers WITHOUT spending more money?Seriously, I'd have better chances getting a bunch of credit cards and starting a business while getting myself massively in debt than trying to find a 40k a year job.Fuck off with you "it's so easy".
For some people it's not about the effort, it's about the fact they have no marketable skills
Then get marketable skills, dumbass.
Don't rely on college to teach you everything.
the 2 hurricanes were a cover up for 9/11 keep obeying orders, get wagecucked and put your hands together to not get a terminal illness from all the toxic in the US weather
> forget crypto > invest in Cryptocurrency
THAT'S NOT AN ANSWER!
Did you put any thought into writing that?I thought you said getting a 40k a year job was easy?Which marketable skills?
How long should it take?
How can I educate myself in a way that is valuble to companies in a way they will trust (i.e.
can I say "hey I know a lot about security analysis" without actually having a certificate in it, probably not)Admit it.
You have no idea what you're talking about.
Otherwise you wouldn't be saying "it's easy".
You'd be outlining why it is feasible and that will and overcoming laziness is all that's needed.
But you clearly have no idea otherwise you wouldn't describe vagueries.Fuck off with your poison non-advice!
Go fucking build rail lines u bust tour balls but ul make 40k a year
80% chance to failProbably because 80% of people are stupid and open things like retail and restaurants which are low margin and extremely competitive.
Getting a job that pays 40k is actually really hard.
Wow a real post?
A quality post?
Not a FUCKING CRYPTO POST!
Y'all shit on this guy right?
I mean, he's thinking outside of the latest ICOs so he must be a fucking retard right?
R-right?
I'm a scrawny piece of shit, but I'm game.
Where do you find that work?
Are there agencies that specialize in this?>tfw this is a better answer than OP's
So how does one get into the real PnD groups.
Like one with Jews that are also contributing to the homeland.
Usa?
Any class 1 railroad is usually looking for manpower.
CSX, UP, CN, BNSF, NS.
Whatever is in your area.
Its a hard life.
Do it for a few years save up and try to get out.
Most have pension plans though.
Also youl bulk up.
Just dont be a lazy piece of shit and work like a bitch
Not USA, but still interesting to know that that's an option.
ThanksSo they won't turn me away you're saying?
I dont know your local area or how it works or empoyment.
Im saying in USA thats an option.
Definetly worth looking into if you have nothing else going on.
Okay, you know what?
I make 80k a year, but guess what?
I have rent to pay, insurance to pay, car to pay off, student loans to pay off.
You know how much I have in the bank?
$1200.
500 is going to my car payment next week, $60 is going to my phone bill, and I better hope I don't spend more than $200 on anything else since my biannual insurance is due on the 23rd for the car on and the renters policy, since my next check won't be able to cover that and my rent..Fuck you it's easy.
It's fucking hard and I do what I have to do.
I'm tossing every spare cent into crypto in btc, in alts, in those ponzi sites.. you know what it costs?
Like $100 a month cause I have to be frugal, but I'm trying that because it's the only realistic thing I CAN do.
And I've been trying to find a new job for 6 months because I can't stand the one I'm at.
I still do it, not because it's easy, I do it because it's fucking hard and I do what I gotta do
You don't you autist you fell for a meme lmao
frugal dollar car paymentShut the fuck up
Excuse me for wanting to get it paid off cum-guzzler
Why is ur car more than 5k anon?
A car is a disposable use item.
Like a bic lighter.
I got a 2015 ford because I didn't want to have to be drowning in maintenance fees from jimmys 1998 Honda civic.
This way I at least got it under factory warranty and it's less likely to blow up from years of misuse
I.e.
you over spent and dont know how to maintain your own vehicle.
Its ok. Pay up and live with your choice.
In the future buy an econobox and do the maintenance yourself.
Everything is easy especially on econoboxes.
Theres a youtube video for everything.
Ul save thousands.
Okay Amish Dave, I'll ignore every theoretical and only focus on the necessities of life like a baby boomer.I'll just plant some seeds out front of my apartment while I'm at it, seeing as how that's a super simple way for me to just get some free food.
Oh, and I'll just watch a video on how to sell amway door to door while I'm at it, since I apparantly have loads of time to waste.
Only reason I make as much as I do it because I work like a mad man.Go back to your farm, there's actually more to life than, "oh, I'll just do it all myself!"
proof youre not frugalI make less than you annually.
I also drive a 10 year old car.
I own my own home and dont live paycheck to paycheck.
Im just giving advice anon.
Be cheap on things that lose you money.
Dont be cheap with stuff that makes you money.
can't expect me to type out that huge link
Stay poor goy
Unless you have terrible interest rate on the car loan (sounds likely from your posts), you're better off making min payments and investing what you saved.
My family will hand down 15 properties making roughly 4 million in gross income per year once they passFeels Goodman my ancestors are smiling upon me imperial, can you say the same?
buy a book so the writter can tell you how he got rich from selling books to poor retards
What about>Poor Charlie's Almanack>Ray Dalio's Principles>How to Get Rich - Felix Dennis>anything non-pseudo Popper from George Soros?>inb4 vanity pieces
'start a business'90% failure rate after 2 years'make a portfolio'enjoy your minimal gainz'invest in real estate'GFC
Either this is bait or you're really just retarded.
I never went to college, I live in a poor rural area and when I was 21 I made 60k for the year.
If you can't figure it out then you're just doomed to be a poor retarded neet.
We can't all be millionaires and based off your attitude you never will be.
You make 80k a year and have a car payment?
He calls himself frugal?
Take a minute and evaluate yourself goofy.
Sell that car and buy a beater for 2k.
4 yearsBut I did more than 700k in only one year with crypto.Why should I start with wagecucking?Fucking normie