Some dudes help me out here, help this fag out.
I plan to dump some $ into these two coins, but I want to grasp my understanding in them.
From my understanding,Chainlink is working on creating a decentralized oracle service, and ARK is working on a cross and/or interconnection of block chains.Put this in layman's term for me.Chainlink, I made a bet and placed it in an escrow or smart contract and this is decentralized, everybody in the blockchain can verify this or have a copy of this, after the contract has been performed or results of contract is verified, then the transaction settlement takes place.ARK, I want to purchase a goods and/or services with ARK, but they don't accept it.
They might take Bitcoin or Ether, hence, this is pretty much like a currency exchange.
I can use ARK to purchase the goods, and it converts to BTC or ETH, and the decentralized block chain will take note of this.
Ark seems to interconnect different coins like currency exchange in a decentralized manner.Is my interpretation and understanding correct here?
ARK connects blockchainsLINK serves as "oracle" to process outside data to smart contractsafaik
Always remember that we are getting atomic swaps eventually so interconnected blockchains is coming anyway and you don't need ARK.
Can they both operate competitively with each other?
they have nothing to do with each otherdeluded arkies are just trying to stay relevant by attacking LINK.
Ark will have its own credit cardNot controlled by mining cartelsNew coins spread across usersDon’t need to download blockchaim to be in control of your coinsTransactions take 8 secondsIt’s fucking obvious this shitcoin will overtake BTC as a currencyOnly problem is name recognition, but since it has a decent name and everyone on biz bought this coin and made shitloads of memes for it, that will be solved soon
atomic swaps are already here - blocknet!dont confuse atomic swaps with arks smartbridging
Dude can you provide this fag an example how they are different?
and how they are similar?
I am trying to grasp that.
not sure about that ark has a feature in development that lets it execute DAPPs so maybe link can be used for that too
also please fucking do me just one favor drink as much bleach as your stomach can fitevery single fucking thread theres at least one of you fucking linkfags grasping for attentionfuck off alreadyi already responded to him telling that both coins are doing two completely different thingsfucking hell do you idiots even read before you post anything>deluded arkies are just trying to stay relevant by attacking LINK.more like you linkfags spam the board to stay relevant
Which one is better?
should i allocate evenly between these two shitcoins?
LINK has much lower market cap thus can moon harder, but is also riskier investment.
Help this fag out man...
Pretty much, LINK and ARK can do the same thing in some cases.
For LINK:Lets say we use smart contract to settle two different coin bases... For ARK:We can directly just interconnect the two blockchains.They diff because, LINK has a larger basis that smart contracts can be applied to that are outside of the Ether universe, and they don't interconnect block chains.While ARK only can interconnect blockchains of cyptrocoins?
All this is decentralized, so we can settle all this shit outside of the exchange?
No third party.
Help this fag out man...
Pretty much, LINK and ARK can do the same thing in some cases.
For LINK:Lets say we use smart contract to settle two different coin bases... For ARK:We can directly just interconnect the two blockchains.They diff because, LINK has a larger basis that smart contracts can be applied to that are outside of the Ether universe, and they don't interconnect block chains.While ARK only can interconnect blockchains of cyptrocoins?
All this is decentralized, so we can settle all this shit outside of the exchange?
No third party.