Is xmr/monero a good buy or just hold btc?
Planning to hold for 2 years
very YES
yeah 20x in 2 years
Monero is the king of shitcoins anon.
Hold.
i'm not going to hold anything else besides xmr and iota for 2 years
iota is a shitcoin though.. Only plebs buy that shit
fuck yeah
It's a good hold both long term and short term.Short term this is going $200+ soon.
Long term, I wouldn't be surprised with $10k a coin in 5 years desu
44627504463012why?
Short termCharts look ridiculously strong, it's just itching for a breakout, need some more volume.>Long term/overallMonero is THE privacy coin.
There are many other privacy coins with better marketing, but none come close to the actual technology and what it sets out to do, be private.
If you look at the marketing of Monero you'll see it's virtually non-existent.
Why?
They simply just work on their product.
Devs from around the world are constantly researching new methods, possible exploits etc (and they get rewarded in Monero) making the product better.It also has the advantage of being the first privacy coin with real adoption.
Dark net markets are moving exclusively to Monero, which not only brings more trading volume to it, but more attention to just how good this coin is.It is my largest holding so I have bias, but I wouldn't be holding the amount I do if I didn't think it's truly amazing.
Also, you'll notice there is very little bashing of this coin, it's for a reason.
Also, you'll notice there is very little bashing of this coin, it's for a reason.tfw vergens try to come at the big dog
It's pathetic desu, and the only fud this gets is "muh ips", when it's not even really a problem and it's getting 'fixed' soon.
Will it dip soon?
You had a dip.
It might go back to $120 or so, maybe buy like 20 percent now and wait on the rest
thanks.
i actually like this coin, becouse i mine it and i like the design and anonimity idea, but i'm lazy to research on it.
why?first of all i invest in devs and i see that they know and love their shitsecondly there is demand and niche for this and it woudn't go away
The reason is very simple, it's the only cryptocurrency that is actually needed.
For a certain demographic (darknet market users), it's the only option available for (safe) transactions.
All other cryptocurrencies are just gimmicks.
Nobody needs to go out of their way to buy them for any practical use.
monero will be a top 5 coin in the coming years
Also because of this, darknet market users will buy $20 or $50 of it, no matter how expensive it is, because drugs.
Also they may see what happened with BTC and holding as much as they spend if they're smart
300 dollar in december, 600 dollar including fomo
That's just conjecture on your side, the point is that someone out there actually needs to buy Monero for some practical use.
Literally no other cryptocurrency has this property.
I am not buying Monero even if it goes 100x.
It's not anonymous and has unlimited supply (fact, go check it).
If it presented itself as a non-anonymous coin I'll consider it.
It's shilled on prismbreak.that's enough for me
They don't claim it's 100% anonymous.
Actually, their website doesn't say anonymous once?
You can't attach an identity to a Monero transaction, that's about it until the I2P client comes out.
Reading this makes me sad.
We have 700 types of this crap wasting the worlds electricity and only one has actual use?
Monero is truly a gigantic overrated piece of shit.
A slightly more anonymous bitcoin, fuck off already
more like completely private so that drooling retards like you don't have to actually try and can still buy your illegal waifus and tendies online without the police coming after you and taking you from mommies basement
real advicethese people claiming monero is not anon are wrong most every block chain an public ledger by which transactions can be tracked and identities or use cases can be deducemoneros ledger is public but it only displays tx ids and checking confirmation is done with a payment id addresses are kept privatepeople cannot view amounts of XMR or how much was sent nor to which address it was sent towith multisig in place and i2p/kovri coming soon it will replace bitcoin as a darknet currency which is what originally gave bitcoin value and a use caseyou wouldnt want your bank account balance public why not btc?that being said if btc makes a run XMR will fall in value try and buy below .014
capitalism fuck yeeaa
I like monero.
Devs seem very switched on and passionate about the project.
My only concern is the scaling issues which will get worse with widespread adoption.
I bought 4 a week ago at .018, fucking kill me.
if you care about btc price of major alts why are you even buying anything besides btc?
Because at this point I don't think my chances of going big are very high with BTC.
I also expect it to eventually have a huge correction again...right.
It just annoys me that had I waited a week I could have bought more Monero that's all, fucking Bitcoin and it's hype bubble.
Litecoin - very slow but steady gains.
ride btc for gains and dump it back into xmr at a cheaper price alts always tank against btc bullrunif u dont care about btc price v alts good luck trading idiot
the people who FUD monero have next to no idea about how it actually worksthere is a reason "...and an unknown amount of Monero" is a phrase.
Ideally yeah, but you just can't predict this shit.
if u dont care about btc price v alts good luck trading idiotthere alts and there are shitcoinsi increase btc holdings trading shitcoin moonsbut i hedge against btc by long term holding alts like xmr and eth so i only care about their usd value
Do you ever get greedy and try to margin trade your XMR/ETH holdings?
Because I do and I feel like one day it's going to fuck me.
it already fucked me and taught me invaluable lesson no to margin trade core holdings
Monero be strong as hell in the near future.
Darknet markets havn't all adopted it yet, and it's mainstream awareness is still very low relative to other top 10 coins.I think it's probably pretty limited long term though, likely to always be a sorta niche underground coin for buying drugs, although definitely the best at it.
Also has some strong scaling issues due to it's massive tx sizes, too much volume would hike the fees.
Also too many eyes on it would also attract the government's..But yeah, it's one of the few cryptos out there actually being fucking used, not just a greedy FOMO bubble.
I can't ever see it being a loss at this price.
I margin traded ETH and BTC 4 times yesterday, managed to get lucky and slip back in with a fractional profit each time.
Then I went to bed woke up and BTC was up like 8% after I last moved back into ETH.
Wanted to fucking kill myself.
It's supply is infinite as time is infinite.
In reality it tapers off quite sharply.
100 years from now, it's like 100 new Monero per year
I can't ever see it being a loss at this price.It's going to be a massive loss once the bubble pops.
Even if Monero is good every other coin is going to drag Monero down with them.
At which point you'll see retards selling at 90% losses.
But after that yeah Monero is one of the few coins that actually has a long term future.
Even just for normie blockchain shit it still has significant value as it's literally the only fungible cryptocurrency.
If such a thing happened..it's gonna recover right.
I'm taking my chances on the coin bubble not popping.If it goes to shit I'll cash out on black market goods instead of currency.
someone post that monero chad meme
I like Monero, feels more like a civilized open source project than a crypto currency filled with shills trying to make quick money.
I mine it, run nodes and donate back to the project.
My approach has been 50/50, selling off half what I mine each month (cover bills, additional hardware), and hold the rest long term.
more anonymous bitcoinThat's exactly the fucking point and it's great at that.
It doesn't have to be anything else.
I've never seen a single legitimate critique of its tech.
Some come up with a criticism besides pure jealousy or fuck off.
monero is the true king of alts .
1k$ till 2020
This.
reddit>spacing
If such a thing happened..it's gonna recover right.There are no brakes on this train.
1929 didn't end the stock market and the popping of this bubble won't end crypto.
If such a thing happened..it's gonna recover right.Eventually.
But you need hands of steel.I'm taking my chances on the coin bubble not popping.It's economics my man.
Here is my personal opinion, but it's based on my understanding of bubbles.
For starters, I would sell immediately when you see television commercials for cryptocurrencies.
That will be the sign that traditional resources fueling the bubble have been tapped out and we're on the verge of the pop.
Sell everything, don't be greedy.
Two, we're in a skyscraper craze and bubbles tend to pop right around the time a new height record is set.
I think the economy (both for crypto and in general) will hold out until late 2018 but I might sell before then to be safe.
Afterwards you might be able to get Monero for a few dollars a piece for a short time at which point I would buy fucking every single one you can.here you go
Eventually.
But you need hands of steel.If it crashed as hard as I expect it might there's no way I'm offloading those bags.
The loss would be too devastating.I'm unsure if I want to just hold through it all or try and pull out, hope it crashes so I can get back in at 90% off or some shit.
Think of this... BTC doesn't have the best tech, yet it is the most known cryptocurrency.Monero is the BTC of privacy coins
so comfy right now
If it crashed as hard as I expect it might there's no way I'm offloading those bags.
The loss would be too devastating.That's what I'm saying, sell before it pops.
People get greedy and they end up losing everything.
If you make a solid profit off of that just hold your money in silver or gold.
I think that after crypto explodes into a smoking crater gold and silver are going to skyrocket, so you can then multiply your earnings from crypto into the next bubble in gold and silver.
I would recommend cashing out at around $5000 for gold and $200 for silver.
Also be buying super cheap Monero after everything is rock bottom.This is the actual, non-meme path t becoming a millionaire.
This all sounds great but it's still based on guessing the timing of the crash with at least some accuracy to pull it off.
And the crash may somehow never come then you're fucked.I just got into this stuff so I'm not actually sitting on any meaningful profits that would be worth cashing out anyway, I'd just be pulling out what I put in and delaying my investing til post crash.
This all sounds great but it's still based on guessing the timing of the crash with at least some accuracy to pull it off.Yeah it's a risk.
That's why I recommend not trying to get greedy like everyone else and selling early.>And the crash may somehow never come then you're fucked.Well you would just make less profit than otherwise, but you're not fucked.
The people who are fucked are the guys who are going to mass panic sell at enormous losses when they see a bunch of red.
Also delaying investing until post-crash is a perfectly viable option.
It's actually the safest investment strategy.
That's why I invest a lot of my income in silver, it's so low now there's only an upside.
Yeah I'll definitely consider it.
Going to be salty as hell if the alts I'm in bloom hard enough that the crash still puts them higher than they are now though.
top haha
Want to buy in, but seems high right now.
Is it a pump?
Should I just wait to see it closer to 100$ again?
It's a bit higher than usual but barring an epic crash you're not going to get it _too_ much lower than it is at the moment.
If you see the coin going the distance I'd just buy at the next dip.
It might drop way back down in the future but you just can't know that, there's no sign it will (barring the crash).
dont forget globee which will be huge for adoptation
What kind of rig?
What country/state are you running it in?
just wait for hardware wallets supporting xmr to come out and you will see a moon mission
It's probably one of the best long term holds and a mediocre short term hold.
buy verge instead of this
deluded.
xmr>>verge
arent those bags getting a little heavy anon?
This is a very good pointI was forgetting why crypto was a thing
No.
Monero will crash within 7 days.
Anyone who is holding now, read this and cash out into fiat or BTC.
Basis of your FUD?
No altcoin can do this well for this long.
It's gotta crash soon.
If not 1 week, within 2 weeks or so.
So no evidence of your FUD other than your personal opinion?
Wasn't this the same thing that biz was saying about Ehtereum?
ETH?
after retracing from from an ath at 150usd when it was announced alphabay was adopting coin it slide down to 85usd after China fud and fork craziness its due to retest that ath again as it's found it's floor and immediately retraced back to 130usd after the fur and forks calmed id be weary of BTC making a bull run as I said before but I wouldnt be surprised if it moonedlong time holder monero break outs have come out of nowhere and immediately sent the coin testing its athand monero just recently began implementing multi signature which was a necessity for wide spread dnet adoptionadd in kovri hype and this could start moving
anons long in xmr know whats up
200 by eoy and $1k next yearez
XMR is not shitcoin its what what BTC could have been once ledger support finishes and mobile wallets released barrier to entry will be nill and that's been xmrs biggest set back non techiesnext time a friend sends BTC look up their address and say "u shit u have Xusd in your wallet" ask "who did u send the .015 to?"
and then tell them about monerodont let Charlie Lees pyramid scam coin have u believe a public ledger can ever be anonymous no matter why update same for money skellyanon is not optional for XMR it is anon by default
It still has a scalability problem at the moment iirc.
They're working on it though.
Can you show examples of dark web sites using monero?
scalability is an issue for almost every crypto and I happy pay more for transactions which won't be tracked by some blockchain analysis consultancy firm gov contractor faggotmonero having high fee makes sense considering u pay for privacy BTC u just pay to send
Nice try DEASeriously though just go to reddit on the darknetmarkets reddit page and search for monero.
Speaks volumes
The fee really isn't very high desu.
It's like 30c.
Libertas
Best Devs, best implementation of privacy, tech that works, and so on and so on
when rich ppl learn they can merge block chain technology with tax evasion the caymen islands will go bankrupty trust some banana republic who's central banking authority controls access to ur funds when u can trust proven technology and accepted principals of digital asset
Not that I'd disagree but the answer is volatility I guess.
If btc, monero or another coin has prevailed and stabilized this is what I expect to happen
BTC wont remain a tax haven forever if IRS can dessiminate multi million dollar money laundering operations it can v easily desiminate tax evasion on a public ledgermore to the point each time u interact with anoth BTC wallet u are given access to a piece of that persons financials history it may be no problem to you but it is to ppl with real money
4470340The day this happens is the day it becomes illegal desu.
4470424 and months later I'd be richmarijuana alchohol even for guns illegal just makes it more expensive and more awarenessthe gov says we cannot properly track and monitor the transactions on the monero block chain and ppl won't perk upregardless if they couldnt take down the fucking Pirate Bay the aren't going to bring down a decentralized and easy to mine cryptocurrency
It's just going to become incredibly hard to use though, it'll come down to localmonero type shit where you risk getting busted by feds.
Ah man makes me want to buy some more now
i bought my first BTC off some dude on craigslist in a Taco Bell parking lot if it has a desirable use case people will find a way to buy
Lmao
Would be great if Monero was back to 10 - 15$ a pop.
But I strongly doubt it at this point
The dream.
I'd put so much fucking money in.
meh, I bought some, when it pumps I'll dump it like my load into a toilet.
this shit isn't magical folks.
Monero is slowly rising since a lot more people see its potential lately and they are all buying in.
A few months ago almost nobody talked about it
where can i trade xmr/monero pair?
Buy a little bit.
Don't get caught in /biz/ hype.
You need some normie money to make these things go beyond the pump and dump.
Nobody knows what the fuck Monero is.Buy a bit, hold it until it pumps, sell it when it starts to peak (if you don't get every dime out of it no worries), then buy again after everyone dumps it.
Then consider holding for a while.
sell it when it starts to peakTempted to do that right now but BTC also ATH.
BTC is still just a hold imo.
There is more influx of money going that way.
I'm more talking about when these new coins have their spike, when it is really sharp just sell.
Even if you have to buy back later at a higher price, it's safer and you can buy on a dip and not miss much at all.
Then when it is more mature, you can buy and hold.
These act a lot like penny stocks.I'm making it sound easy, and it isn't.
It's a lot of luck, but, I think it's a safer strategy that way even if it trades off some gains.
You'll never know the high, you'll never know the low.