JUST A VERGEN GIRLLIVING IN A JUSTED WORLD
sounds like you need a pump and dump
onegaii just want to rid myself of my bags
Why didnt you sell the news?
Allegedly, the new Windows wallet is being released today, potentially OSX as well.
That might just give it a tiny boost enough to cut your losses a bit?
i missed the peaki hope so, its getting tiring to create this thread every day
for fucking real.
i regret not dropping during the pump
Allegedly, the new Windows wallet is being released todayUnless it came from vergedev in discord it is a rumor
You'll kill yourself within 47 days if you sell today.Screencap this and just think about me later.
Regards,Anon.
I'm just going to say, sell now, its going to go down more, btc is rallying atm, just cut your losses man and know when to let go when you need to
It did.
He said he'd release the Windows wallet on its own if the OSX wallet wasn't working perfectly in a few hours.
4378055Should've just posted a screenshot to begin with
XVGBCCBCHKIDSDGBYet, people keep falling on these scams despite the warnings.
I hope you like the taste of your own tears as you'll be tasting them very soon.
I know that feel already when I got scammed by XVG and BCC.
I'm not letting it happen again.
Dont stop believing and hold on to that feeling
Ika-chan a cute.
A CUTE.
Wraith wallets released for Windows and OSXhttps://github.com/vergecurrency/VERGE/releasesHopefully this spikes the price a little
Wtf I love this meme now
Second season was kind of shit, the first was great though.
you are wrongsecond season was really goodas were the ova:s
Is this the next MINISER YOU SATOSHI?I LOVE ANIME GIRLS
Actually made 2x on this selling in increments to the peak and then selling the bounces on the way down.
If you are going to buy a coin shilled here, you better be prepared to babysit.
Calm down Vitalik.
Note, this is not the _WRAITH PROTOCOL_ nor atomic swaps.
The release is just named "wraith" to confuse retards.
Sell the 1000 Verge and give me your Ethereum address.
I'll buy you something nice ;)
nani?
0x30927a4d60ac7d7aa3d65fdacc046e532abd3bc0
Nah, it was just a little goof.
I wasted all my eth on HST although if HST moons and you're still making these threads I'll buy out all the money you lost since these threads have been really fun to watch.See you tomorrow bud.
Lol wraith wallet released minus the wraith.
Fucking fail
B-but it was the Monero Killer!!!
!AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
ah thanks i hope hst moons thensee you tomorrow anon
I'm holding this shit out of sheer fuckin spite, and because it's also been relatively stable as other shit was getting murdered or having seizures.I thought Wraith had been released, then I found out they failed...again.
Getting tired of this.
If it were a legit business and we were shareholders, they'd have an interest in getting shit done on time.
But because it's crypto and they just want to dump bags, it's somehow different.I don't care anymore.
Moon or doom.
$1 per coin from half a cent.
All or nothing.
I'm tired of shit like OTN going from 1 buck to 55 before I even hear of it.
i'd like to say that this is me tobut i only have 1000 xvg so i might as well hold in case it actually takes off some dayi dont know how i feel about it begin about 10% of my total value though but thats on another pointwelcome back tomorrow when i make this thread again
I only have 100,000.
I might even buy more.
That's how out of fucks I am.
Maybe it's just cuz I've bought 35k when it was at 85 sats, but I honestly can't understand why folks are down on this.
Sure, the devs are incompetent as fuck, as the Wraith Protocol fuck up shows, but given the kind of crap /biz/ regular buys the shilling from, Verge is leagues ahead of most scam coins we PnD on a regular basis