What the fuck are you doing?
BITBAY>developer holds over 100 million bitbays in his personal wallet, which is 10% of the supply>outdated wallet>marketplace looks like its from the early 90's>marketplace constantly crashes, is buggy, god awful UI and its resource hoarding as all hell>you are not allowed to sell child pornography, guns, illegal drugs or fake money on the marketplace, which would be the only reason to actually use a decentralized marketplace>developer will most likely cash out and disappear once he can sell his coins at 0.10$literally a pyramid coin, no thanks
Yep their UI is awful.
Unusable.Also the setup is confusing.
I used a photo of pepe for my private key but when I tried to use it to login in it didn't work.
if /biz says something is bad then it's definitely goodthanks bought 100k
Yeah it's not muh fundamental I'm talking about, why has this being pumping?
Pajeets?
you cant sell drugs on a decentralized market?
The dev is against all that shit.
Don't know if it's real or merely ass covering
4404144No illegal items on the public marketplace for obvious reasons.
Enter private markets.
4402490Again this paid pajeet spreading his desinfo lies.
You may do this in each fucking, your fudding will still NOT WORK.Pic fucking related.
It must be the 50th times I post it.4403151The GUI is being remade at the time we are talking so don't worry.
The current GUI is not sexy but it still works perfectly as a product.
Just don't judge based on mere appearances.
4404144There is the main public marketplace that is controlled for it to be normie friendly so no drug there, but then there is private contracting and private marketplaces where you can do whatever you want, so selling drugs is possible.
Check out the roadmap.
Good stuff incoming.
New wallets,new GUI, new features.
It is gonna be huge.
Shit I think the desinfo guys are getting desperate faced to the pump of the unstoppable BitBayI'd be mad to if I had Safex too thoughhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2WgC7RezxOY
How can someone "allow" or "not allow" something on a decentralized market...?
There is a public market and there is private oneModerators have acces to the public market (like with all other cryptos with decentralised markets) and private markets are hidden markets, no one can find them.
There is a moderation private key that the developer gives to a trusted community moderator that moderates the main normie friendly public marketplace to keep it not scary to normie (nice and comfy).
The rest of private marketplaces are not moderated.
More info there .
There is a built in decentralized governance through stake voting so people can also exerce their will regarding the use of this moderating key.
And worst case, if people are not happy, as the software is open source, they could just fork the software (although it would be stupid as it works fine as it is right now).
So basically as the marketplaces are anon, p2p, free and duplicateable, there is no way to censure Bitbay.
It is like torrents but better.
It is backed by the Bitmessage protocol + a Tor & Proxy built in integration.
Good tech.
>BAY pumping during this BTC bull run>Nearly everything else getting slaughteredI'm quite OK with this
4404144Considering the possibility to have unlisted transactions through invite links I'm pretty sure its just trying to cover his own ass from getting fucked like Roberts did.
We dumping now
on a decentralized market, no human intervention could ever cause a listing to be deleted.on bitbay, moderators hold private keys, and if they find out about a private market selling something illegal, they can remove it.watch the (literally paid) bitbay shill squirm trying to respond to this basic fact.elements of decentralization =/= decentralizedwait for a real, truly decentralized solution lads.
until then, openbazaar
BitchBay 11000 SATs .
1 week.
There is a moderation private key that the developer gives to a trusted community moderatorYou have to be fucking kidding me.
Fuck this cunt shit
WE FINNA BE RICH NIGGAS!
We are talking about silk road 2.0!100 Billion dollar drug trade!Holy shit we finna be rich mah niggas, no weak handed niggas even allowed on the boat!
I rode that shit easy when it first came around and wanted to use it BUUUUTThe linux client was completely nonfunctional and felt like a hunk of junk to compile the entire way through.Please please please tell me they've got their shit together and have a working precompiled qt client so I can purchase a few shit items to at least know it works.
finna meme dead.
"moderation private keys"
MODERATION PRIVATE KEYS