boys, I am the one informed biz so many new comers 3x,4x like dovu, epy, nulls.
I found one more gem, less supply 6.5 mill, current mcap around 1 mill.
good team, real usecase.
this shit going to moon once it hit new exchanges.
their team mentioned ,they lined up next exchanges, mercatox,yobit,binance with in 2 weeks.
currently in edelta, not yet listed in cmc.
tokens available just today.
DYOR, and get in.
my accumulation done.
>I am one informed new comers 3x,4x get your headset back on and answer my Microsoft support call you dirty pajeet fuck.No one is going to buy your shit here sir
hey pajeet, I am from world tech hub sfo.
likely you got used to those calls.
you pajeets stay poor.
this just got listed, their telgram group had 5000 members.
swiss company funded this one.
get in niggars, pajeets, poor biz who justed recently.
you get easy 3x with this shit.
volume slow increasing this one day old token , sticker in ED is FBLhttps://faceblock.io/
literally stole the facebook logo and brand nameA lawsuit is coming for these idiots
lol, do you think fb cares out it.
by that it moons
its under ico price by a considerable amount atmwill continue to watch
you have no idea how ip works
have 100k in moon fuel ready to go, you better be right about this.I'm going to start buying now and will really start laying down the pressure in 2 hours.
Oh shit I just made a thread about this one, too.
Didn't even see this thread.Anyway yeah this is a great week for low market cap mooners, I'm trying to buy a couple eth worth right now at .0007, hopefully it doesn't take off before I get my order filled
idiot, buy now and wait until mercotox ,binance hits.
those exchanges are moon missions as soon as it lists.
good thing about this project is name is easy catch for noobs, also they got funded by private firms so easy 1$ coin as just 6 million supply.
Also, please don't shill things if you can barely speak english.
Puts a bad taste in peoples' mouths and ruins it for the rest of us who invested