35-200% possible gains on this call within next few days>News coming out sometime today/tomorrow early morning>Consolidating on RSI Chart>Going to moon big time
I ain't buying your bags nigga
I'm feeling it too.
Enough is enough.THIS IS NEO'S MOON TIME.THIS IS NEO'S ETH TIME.HERE.
WE.
GO.
Here we go, it should consilidate a little more very soon, expect a 40-200% increase on your investmentGood luck
its fucking pumping right now!
just started
/biz/ has been good to me so it is time for me to give backThe first post to get dubs after this post will get 1 btc!
rollerino18FGmaseej6gbRi32aYN3P3o77irnfbhw8
That's akchually a good way to keep a thread bumped forever.But at the same time it ruins the discussion so no please.
roll1Lb8NFi6uzaBC8tC31d9GLCHCjX4HQkR8d
Ill be waiting1793vMSEu3SuVd4MVUbsXTzbhWEumhudjW
why should we trust you OP
reroll
sure
Ive made calls on here before, I am usually right.
I called STORJ and BITbay
Not gonna happen deluded NEO
entry price?
All in good faith!
1N1j6H9eSfM5p1Y25a1gNGKTwrdAPggKw9
roll1793vMSEu3SuVd4MVUbsXTzbhWEumhudjW
I got out even because the risk is too bigOf course it will moon now making me regret it
BxRaPdV1HJmXoi2QqvQoHFQU2TpyDLZBV
roll18FGmaseej6gbRi32aYN3P3o77irnfbhw8
>Priced in.NEO news is the NEP-5 Protocol for voting.
Screencap this.Probably will dump afterward because who the fuck cares about voting for consensus nodes.
That is like voting in a Russian election.
Help a brother out!
looks like bullish now
Too bad those are trips and he said dubs...
Hi
looks like news is something quite positive
Do it, nigga.I will buy NEO.1GRMVFECiWjzgmV4jGgLXyHaRtamM6Y8z2
damn, that's a shame.
oh well, maybe next time.
Winrar but bait anyway
Do we know the time of the announcement?
Im getting dubs, but not im not leaving my adress lol faggot
dubgbz>/biz/ has been so good to meSaid no honest person EVER.
I know, but it's worth a try.
I'm pretty new to TA, but I've been learning a fair bit about RSI lately.
Does my chart look decent or am I being a spastic?Original trend line was broken, and the RSI confirms that by leaving the bullish zone it had consolidated in for a while.
21EMA and 8EMA crossed over showing a bearish trend, and the RSI had resistance at the 55 RSI level.Now, the RSI has broken the previous resistance, and looks like it should consolidate again in that bullish zone.Is this fairly right?
Thanks senpai
hhhhhhhhhhhhmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
somebody knows that news is bullish, becaus bullrun has startedif NEO go to new ATH, then big bullrun has started
GUYS THIS IS HOW THEY GET TEH NEO IS PUMPING THREADS TOT HE TOP OF THE PAGE>this PSA has been brought to you by LINK and Lord Sergey.
Buy LINK, or you stink.It will dump around 5500 prob
Trend analysis has nothing to do with it in this case.
There was a rumor the Chinese government may partner with Neo, causing the pump.
This was declared absolutely false by one of hte NEO council members on twitter, causing the fall.
Now there is pump for god knows what reason.
It has noting to do with trend analysis.
It's a response to news.
Yeah, maybe, but it sure does look like the TA confirms it and worked.Also, the pump is still going because whilst they may not be partnering with the Chinese government, they still have big news...
Now there is pump for god knows what reason.
Because Chinks have insider info.
didn't you also say LMC was going to pump like 3 days agofail.....
You are literally saying a single case of TA in a situation like this seemed to line up so they all do.
You know how I know you didn't get a STEM degree?
News is voting for consensus nodes.
Screencap this
 Close enough.
LMAO if this is true NEO is going to crash to $10... A fucking vote?
Why would they hype us with "3 lifetimes of blessings" for a vote?Why wouldn't they just post the motherfucking poll and be done with it instead of hyping the shit out of it.
Did you manage to get all your bag holders out with that last little buy wall guys?
GJ.
Thanks for the free ride XOXOXOXOt.
Autist
There are going to be like 5 announcements this week.
Don't off yourself if you hear the voting one first anon.
Lmao, honors in engineering m8
up so they all do.Also, never said that.
You know how I know you aren't a smart guy?
You hit on Storj and Bit although I missed those trains.
You recently called lmc, how are you feeling about that?
guys check out the most recent POWR tweet.INDIA!!
4Still gonna go up but its gonna be a lot longer hold than I thought due to BTC's newfound volatility.At least another 4-7 days.NEO, POWR, ARK, LMC, and a few others I will not name are the best coins to be in.
thanks
you flashed us your wallet.
it contained OMG
Would you recommend I take the roughly 8% loss from buying into lmc early and reinvest into ark?
Catch the lmc train later?
i feel da dubs
Dubs pliz
OP you should make a telegram group and add us so you can shill your coins to us.
My username is andyd97