Been on /Biz/ for the past two years, made some money, now broke even, in what is the biggest bull market ever essentially.
How do I stop being an emotional reactionary retard?
How do I stop getting JUST'd?How can I learn from being retarded?
How do I be disciplined and follow a trading plan?
How do I create a good trading plan?
How do I know when to cut my losses?
What should I learn?
Is TA worth it to at the very least know?
Do whales not want people to learn and just want us to give them more money?
Where do I go for good information and discussions instead of being onslaughted with half hearted shilling.
Serious tips please, I'm retarded and don't want to be retarded.
Bump, I should mention I'm a physics student at my local university, so one would think that the skills in one should be relatively transferable but that hasn't been the case.
I think there's hope, but maybe not.
Could a wise sage of markets and psychology give me some guidance?
A whale willing to mentor?
This might be the wrong time of day to post since most people are at work
For one, I keep track of bitcoin news, and the adoption of it by other countries seems like a good indicator that it's value will increase.
The efforts to control it by an assortment of big players makes it seem like it could play a role in the next World War assuming it's a digital war.
Judging by the effort of countries to build up a larger computer & engineering oriented workforce, the cogs are definitely turning to guide the masses towards the next scene.The important part to note here is that garnering and holding bitcoin is one semi-assurance of wealth.
For others coins that seem to have potential, I'm just playing by a weekly basis if at all and just paying attention to Monero, Litecoin, Dogecoin, Bitcoin core, as well as Etherium.
If you pick a small pool of coins to pay attention to, I'd imagine you would be less stressed over the current state of things.
In order to suceed as a trader you have to buy cheap and sell it dear.
It's so simple and yet so many people manage to screw it up.Buy before other people buy and sell before other people sell.If you buy based on hype 9/10 times it's already too late.
A lot of this comes down to figuring out how the herd is going to behave.