yes or no
its trading now?
not yet but i need to plan now
fuck no.
if you want a korean coin wait for BOScoin
lmao.
boscoin is a shitcoin.
would rather buy link.
ded srs
hitbtc pumping up....with current price in hitbtc its alreay over 1 bill mcap...who ever buy 30 cent above is fucked up..mark my words and come back.
look at ADA and learn dont buy in hitbtc.
they selling you at 8x-10x ...which is 600 mil mcap...you get peanuts.
but at below 3x, which is 40 cent
It's a national level Korean project.
I am going ALL IN once it starts trading.
Have been following it for a while.
bro.
im debating to do either this or wanchain.
undecided
https://steemit.com/icon/@roosterred/icon-icx-ico-a-promising-coin-with-major-flaws
https://steemit.com/icon/@roosterred/icon-icx-ico-a-promising-coin-with-major-flawsI would they there might be some wording misconception because Koreans are not that great with English but its a HUGE project.
I haven't seen any ICO this HUGE.
Thye have major banks (e.g.
wooribank ), securities (e.g.
Samsung securities and many others), universities (upto 9).. etc.
It's really a national level project.
This has already been addressed, and its simply not true.
stop talking about this you faggots this is my chance to get a ticket to lambo land
what isn't?Yeah, it is promising, and like I say, the market cap was reasonable.
Gains of 10x, 20x, or even more are possible in the long run.is this fud?
because you are failing..also icx isnt pegged to shit.
this has been debunked already.
+ 150k eth not 300k eth as stated.
also icx isnt pegged to shit.
this has been debunked already.It uses the Bancor protocol with Ether.
So when Ether rises in value, the value of ICX rises too.
And vice versa.
> 150k eth not 300k eth as stated.I said I wasn't sure.
That is good to hear.
That was poorly conveyed in the whitepaper.
One more thing I would Like to add that one of the co-founder is also the biggest exchange holder in Korea.
The exchange name is Coinone
is this fud?
because you are failing..It obviously isn't fud.
Are you just incapable of understanding nuance?
Their English sucks for sure
Also, where is this debunking?
Anyone who says I claimed that ICX was pegged is either a liar or incompetent.
It is tied to Ether.
That is a fact.
By the Bancor protocol, which I have serious reservations about for very good reasons.
icx isnt pegged to eth buddy.
rewatch the AMA on official facebook.
or simply ask any staff member on tgram
So you are just a shill that relies on lying.
Good to know.
I know to ignore you.
Everyone else should as well.
It's fucking sad when the ICON staff themselves talk about moons and lambos on the Telegram group.
source or gtfo
mate.
i legit am just stating what they said.
either the team is lying.
u are lying or i am not getting what the topic is"icx is not pegged to anything" was literally what 1 staff member said on slack
Nakamoto is ICON staff member.
HOW FUCKING DUMB ARE YOU THEN?READ: Pegged has a very specific meaning in Economics and I NEVER FUCKING USED THAT WORD.
ANYWHERE.Read the whitepaper.
ICX uses the Bancor protocol with Ether.
I can't remember the specific reserve ratio, but that doesn't matter.
Part of ICX's value is based on a reserve of Ether tied to the coin by the Bancor protocol.
This means when Ether changes price, ICX should change price as well.
READ THE FUCKING WHITEPAPER
yup.
absolutely disgusting BUT these are just social media minimum wage robots.
has no relevance.
its still pissing me off tho
no need to be upset.
eth is stable af and can only go up from here longterm.
i dont feel like this is an issue m8

what is your opinion on wanchain?
is it a better investment in your eyes?
wanchainI haven't looked into.
I obviously don't think ICON is a bad investment because I said the market cap was reasonable (when I thought it was twice as big).
So obviously I at least think a 2x is reasonable.
ICON FAQ:ICX Pegged to ETH?Short answer: No.
For detailed explanation visit https://steemit.com/icon/@justinhsiao/icon-post-ico-bancor-formula-explained-and-icx-price-speculation
Most of the world's largest exchanges are Korean based.There is no denying Koreans will pump this up just to give Chinese the finger with NEO.
Wait, I think you guys gave me the wrong info about the market cap.
I keep seeing that they raised 150K Ether.
Not that the total market cap is 150K Ether.
In other words I was right.
They sold half the tokens in the ICO.
So half of the total market cap is 150k.
Places like coinmarketcap.com use circulating market cap (which is often lied about, but that is another issue).
I don't have the whitepaper handy, but all the tokens given to team members, investors, and advisors count toward the circulating market cap as soon as they are tradable.
total circ of ico is 450 mill....they raised 42 mill with 15 cent ..current hitbtc price is arouund 1.5 doller which is 10x of ico which 450 mill ....right now....u guys fucked up if u buy in hit btc...njot u r bags
total circ of ico iThere are more tokens than the ones sold in the ICO.
All tokens count toward the total market cap.
Any token that can be traded counts toward the circulating market cap.
As soon as tokens can be traded, they count toward the total you see on coinmarketcap.com.
total circ is 450 mil...with current hitbtc rate its already 1.2 bill....u pajeets ..its scam by hitbtc
so what is circ tokens/total supply ?
When the last icon thread was going around I commented how the current price had them at over 500mil market cap and how you would be a fool to buy at that price.
Got called an idiot and to "research more".
AHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
I'd have to read the whitepaper again.
Any token that can be traded is the real circulating supply.
This is what coinmarketcap.com is supposed to track, but companies often lie about the numbers.
Sometimes companies lock down tokens for a certain period of time.
The second those tokens are tradable they become part of the circulating supply.
I personally think this is a bad system and companies routinely game the system.
Also, it makes following the market slightly more difficult.
If suddenly there are 20% more tokens, and the token price doesn't change, the market cap increases by 20%, leading people to wrongly think the token rose in value.
Is that the real price?
Often times early on there is rampant trading between fake parties to increase the token price.
It is just the world we live in.
Even if its inflated a bit, buying another over 3x their ICO price is pretty insane.
That would already put it at 120mil which is top 50 next to Walton.
People are gonna get dumped on sooooooo hard.
These ppl who bought into ICO are already at huge profits.
The dump will be insane.
Yes, these post-ICO pump and dumps are a huge problem.
They endanger the whole crypto sphere.
I understand many here make a lot of money with these ICO, and good for them, but regulators could fuck the entire system because of this greed.
I don't have a problem with people making money.
You should always exploit the system that is in place, but we need to seriously look at these issues as a community to prevent crypto trading from being outlawed, which could happen.
Imagine that market crash!
I actually came up with an ICO system that discourages these massive pumps and dumps as people will generally think the ICO is only marginally undervalued.
There will still be profitable post-ICO bumps in price usually, but massive pumps and dumps don't make sense.
If you are into Game Theory, give these articles a read!https://steemit.com/ico/@roosterred/a-fair-ico-model-roosterred-s-uncapped-blind-ico-auctionshttps://steemit.com/whitepaper/@roosterred/whitepaper-examples-of-uncapped-blind-ico-auctions
Hyped up by korean newspaper as Korea's answer to NEO.You should try to convince me why Koreans wouldn't buy ICX at 10-20X...Alot dumb money is coming from Korea flowing into bitcoin.
It is nothing like Neo.
Neo is a master node that connects all the other smaller chains to the NEO network.Isn't loopchain the same?
tfw forgot to finish KYC for ICON but you idiots reminded meThanks for reminding me I bought a fuckton of this ICO.
Read my article above.
Lucky bastard.
I also bought Request, Ethbet, Link, and Kyber though.
Kyber was outsanding, Link was ok, Request is still a loss but not too bad and Ethbet went to hell.I sold Kyber and Link near the top and did well.
Still holding Req and EBET though.
So not all that well.
Thankfully Req and EBET were much smaller positions compared to Kyber and Link.
https://squawker.org/analysis/chinas-cryptocurrency-neo-will-change-the-world-as-we-know-it/NEO also received a new patent for cross-chain distributed interoperability.Having this patent secured allows for the NEO platform to become the main Chinese blockchain that third party sidechains must connect through – in essence a centralized platform.
ICON defines an “ecosystem” where variety of blockchain projects can be created within the ICON network and connect to other blockchains to create a new super-connected world.https://medium.com/helloiconworld/creating-a-hyperconnect-world-loopchain-based-icon-3226535d7ee9Both platforms want to be the topdog in their respective country.
China NEOKorea ICONJapan NEM
If you bought $1000 of NEM in 2015 you would be a millionair today.
got 30 eth worth in the presale feels cool friendo
Im starting to get worried about this.No community around this.
One would expect a 'new neo' to be filled up and mentioned a bit more, this thing quite as a mouse.
same, got 75,000 ICX, feels comfy holding Korean NEO/Eth
don't worry be happy friendoIts the shit coins that need constant hype driven by moon mad senseless maniacsThe subtle coins know they need no hype>ICON>Polkadot (virtually no community)>LINK (hardly any community aside from /biz/tards who arguably do more harm than good)
By the way, the fucking whales who benefit from my analysis better fucking start contributing to my research or I will sick Harold on you when the time is right.
Make a friend, or make an enemy.
And remember, I know who my friends are.
Fuckers.
https://www.reddit.com/r/ethtrader/comments/7036jv/the_bancor_formula_used_in_the_icon_ico_a_bad/The concern keeps growing
https://www.reddit.com/r/ethtrader/comments/7036jv/the_bancor_formula_used_in_the_icon_ico_a_bad/I don't click cuckit links.
Did some fuck steal my analysis?
Or is it typical cuckit drivel?
When does it start trading?
my friendo, don't be salty, all this implies is flexibility regarding inflation.
I trust that a blockchain used to serve the private and public institutions of korea is not going to tanks itself.
Its going to be okay my friendo,I can sell you 5000 ICX at the discounted rate of $1 if it will cure your salty rash that seems to be bothering you
boscoin is much better than icon and its not remotely close
I will.
So probably yes you should too.
I don't think that they are official staff members they are just some people who are also invested heavily and help out with telegram
das it mane.
sitting at 75k icx rnhopefully make it
nah this bancor stuff is too much risk.Can get ICON at below ico price once the DEX launches, since this is all bancor formulated.