I just bought $28k worth of POWRI literally have no idea what this coin does or who made it, can someone fill me in on it?
i expect it to pu mp hardada is top 20 coin and it's a fuckign trash coin, why the fuck not this?
It's at its peak, it will likely dip back down to 3k in 24 hours.
Plus if it doesn't end up being the pbc pick it'll dump.
You're a brave man.
It's like SolarCoin
please don't tell me this.
wtf is a solar coin.
You are donee ddudeeee.
Keep bags
thanks for your money
Mined by solar power.Nice trips btw.
4355674I mean I'll survive, my portfolio is 300k.
but... are you fucking kidding me?
This coin is literally for electricity?
28k>buying on impulse>not knowing what it doesRich parents, troll or lucky retard, not sure which.
Youre going to be a very rich man by thge end of next year.
Do not panic sell your bags mate you wont see any real profit until Q1 2018, this is a long term hold, fucking trust me on this onesource: am an australian who works in the solar bisuness, and our government is completely fucking useless when it comes to implementing what POWR is trying to do.essentially if you buy a certain amount of POWR tokens, you then own that percentage of a solar farm, wind farm etc.
you then get that % of elictricity for free, plus that % of whatever profits that farm produces.
australia is currently experiencing some really shit power shortages in SA and this project i9s back by local government and one of the largest power retailers in the country, origin, and apparently theyre in talkes with elon musk tooyouve made a very good investment OP, but only if youre willing to be patient
How much did you buy this for per POWR?
obviously this is an over simplified explanation, and only one part of what the project aims to do.
Another purpose of this token is to allow people who live in apartment buildings and cant have solar panels of their own, they can buy peoples excess solar they dont use via the power ledger, thus creating a peer to peer system of private electricity exchanges.
(the purchased solar is obviously just credited by the power retailers but you get the idea)i have so much faith in this project because i literally spend over 9 hours a day talking to customers on the phone about how fucked our current electricity rates and general power sector is.
So many australians are going renewable and I promise this project while catch on like wild fire if they dont manage to fuck it up
lucky retard for sure.Please be telling the truth, sir.
I will send you good thoughts if this turns out to be true.
Thank you for making me feel better.
around what it is right now on trex.
Fair warning that it just pumped up quite a bit today already due to being added to bittrex.
I think it's good, but this might not be the best entry.
As soon as I discovered this token I went all in because there is genuinely a fucken huge problem in Australia atm in regards to power, and this project addresses pretty much most of them.
They havent even started beta tests but already have backing from local government.
One of the members of the team is the deputy Mayor of Perth, and they will be holding beta tests of their blockchain power ledger either Q1 or Q2 of 2018. this is going to be fucking huge I feel it at the bottom of my wrinkly ballsack
I would just sell whenever you can make a profit.
you lucky bastard
This is the most hyped coin this week, If I were you I would not sell a cent until you've at least doubled your investment.
where can i buy powr?
Have you ever used google before?
I'll be nice and say binance and bittrex
At the gym
What’s the price for power in a year?
(You)don't listen to these shillsyou're about to get JUSTed
The people on this board love to burn their money huh?
currently experiencing some really shit power shortagesIf this was the case do you think Federal Liberals would shut up about it?
I haven't heard a peep from them about it.
I cant believe people think renewables are the solution to Australia's power issues.
They are the CAUSE
Thanks for the input, Tone
Shut the fuck up anon.
I'm not done accumulating.
Brainlet here.Whats the difference between bid and ask on bittrex?
Bid - buy orderAsk - sell order
if you increase your bid you're morely likely to be sold to, it's safe to bid 20-30% above the next highest bid to secure your buy :D
So bid is the lowest sell order and ask is the highest buy order.
4356743Alright thank you.
Fyi, something I only just discovered, if you bid way too high by accident it will buy at the current rate and save your ass.
Of course if you're retarded like me you won't realize and you'll immediately go full panic mode trying to sell and then do something even more dumb like buy at ATH.
I SURE HOPE THIS GOES BACK OVER 0.00005 LOL
this meme is so fucking stupid.
How the fuck do you accumulate?
Just sell what you want and buy with the proceeds from that sale.