Can you explain to me why BTC is still hitting ATH almost every week since September?I am no crypto expert but I am aware that btc is relatively slow and transactions are expensive which was evident especially during the failed flippening earlier this month.Is this purely driven by the normies FOMOing and limited supply of BTC making it a 'collectors' item?Inb4 altfag/pedocoin bagholder - I own small amounts of btc/eth/alts but nothing significant.
Because it's name is BITCOIN.
Everyone knows bitcoin goes up all the time.
Fuckin retard.
https://www.reuters.com/article/us-investment-summit-novogratz/big-money-is-coming-to-bitcoin-ex-fortress-executive-novogratz-idUSKBN1DD2RE
because most of the miners are mining at a loss to artificially jack up the difficulty when it adjusts in two weeks, then they'll dump all their BTC at the ATH and switch to mining BCH, leaving corecucks permanently bagholding (literally, because the core blockchain will enter chaindeath, meaning their bags will be frozen forever)
Why are you getting tilted?
Can you not just answer a question asked and instead throw turd everywhere like a chimp?From the link you've posted:"Novogratz said he expects major financial firms will soon start to offer bitcoin or similar products as an investment option, one that could be easily purchased over the phone.
"Still does not explain btc>eth or altsSurely market cannot be driven by name only
Because normies are fighting with each other to buy bitcoins at this price all over the worldTotally not because of tether and bitfinex printing fake shit to pump it artificially
Surely market cannot be driven by name onlyFor such an early space like cryptocurrencies if definitely can.
Remember this whole space has existed for less than a decade.
I'm 100% sure something will eventually dethrone BTC as the defacto crypto, but it could be some time before that happens and the old dinosaur dies
normies are buying at this price though.
they're not even wrong.
who doesn't think it will hit 10k soon?
I am aware that btc is relatively slow and transactions are expensiveWhen are you people going to realise that the markets don’t give a shit about this ?
Markets might not but banks/people implementing the technology surely do in a long run?
I would expect this to be at least partially reflected in market prices at this stage?
OP herethanks for everyone that has contributed so far beside the chimp from the 3rd post.It seems like the consensus is that BTC is shit and is going to fail, so let's consider the opposite.
Is there any chance that BTC could be successfully implemented as crypto to rule them all in the coming 5-10 years?
The funny thing is that these days Ethereum is pretty much the main currency for ico's and transactions between crypto users.
no one is implementing the technology.
it's just speculation
you ask like a retard the most dumb question and then call me a chimp for giving you an easy comprehensive reply.
Money comes in > demand rises > whales aka miners use demand to pump and price rises.
Yes.
Read link from the chimp in your 3rd post.
If big money is coming, they must start accumulating now.
You can’t just put in a buy order for btc of $300 million.
Fuckin retard.
No need to throw any crap.
This thread IS crap.
Congrats OP on this, seriously.
Everything always follows a pattern.
Until it doesn't.
Logical reasoning would suggest that you don't speculate this hard in a cryptocurrency that has no function in the future other than maybe storing wealth.
Bitcoin maintains the right combination of liquidity and decentralisation.
No other coin comes close.
That's why the rest are shitcoins.
at this point in crypto the prices are way too volatile for it to have any real-world utility beyond speculation.
i think it will be implemented at some point