Bitcoin is a fucking joke.
We need another king.
The bitcoin drama drags all the coins with it.
This only makes altcoins look like a joke.
Bittrex any2any when?
We Roy-posting now?
Every King will have drama.
Who is this dude?
Bitcoin is here to stay bud.
Long live the king
BItcoin only illustrates the very thing that would happen to any leading coin.
BItcoin succeeding lifts up the whole cryptosphere as you can see.
these are the kids that try to give you "investment advice"...
Bitcoin's a dinosaur, ETH is a joke.Ark will be the new king in 2018.
The absolute state of him.
The broader crypto community will never accept ARK's delegate system.If anything, ADA will be the new king.
>Bitcoin is a jokeYet it has defeated SegWit2X.
something about stuttering potheads becoming serious
ethereum will take its place in 2018
which also was bitcoin
Exchanges desperately need a stable coin, and no I don't mean fucking USDT scam coins (while even that would probably be better).
Markets are botted so fucking hard, everytime bitcoin moons these bots pull money out, which fucks over all alts.
It's just a fucking stupid idea to trade against bitcoin.
The fact there won't be an official investigation in to the whole segwit2x fiasco is the reason crypto as it is right now is garbage.
The level of manipulation is fucking atrocious.
People need to be held responsible for the manipulation of markets.
Monero.
This is true, we need more centralisation to stop all this madness.We also need to make sure to remove the 21 millions limit, a true coin can be made in infinite.A deflationary currency just can't work, trust me.
Who is making the decision to fork it if it is decentralized?
You missed the pointYou read my mind
before this whole fork thing i liked bitcoin but when these pieces of shit called of the segwit2x fork i just want bitcoin to die now fucking piece of shit coin
4264733If you own any Bitcoin then go and fork it, right now.
Fun story: the director of s2x is going to launch an ICO in December.
Its selling point is "unforkable coin"
I'm sorry, but all your shitcoins are there only to accumulate more btc.
the director of s2x(((literally)))