MOONING
In this thread.
Bagholder
in this thread, you must waituntil bitcoin cash is worth.7 or .8
Call me when it hits $1500.
Otherwise it's not mooning.
the line at the bottom is your home
Sold last night at .27 holy fuck this was the greatest pump and dump of all time
If that's a pump, it's a laughably small one.
lol same, sold at .33, i only bought back the exact same amount of BCH i had before.
Give us another rocket jihan!
1250
1300 COMING INWhat were we at a week ago?
Even with the bottom out at 1000, still up 2x.
Consider this a chance to get out.
>bcc mooning>btc crashingnow its proportionalbtc cucks on suicide watch in 2 hours
This time I am getting out around 0.35 fuck this shit.
1350 do you read me, permission for flyby
fuck i just bought back in just as it was taking off!
what is the chances.live up to date https://cryptowat.ch/bitfinex/bchusd
US$2799 last time.
grats, what color lambo do you have staked out?
hello?
I've been trying to call you these last minutes
SHIT WE GOT PLAYEDJIHANNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
 DATZ RITE JIHAN WHERES MY FUCK MONEY
it needs to break the 0.2 resistance then we'll moon hard again like last time.
don't forget to exit out around 0.25 if you're a pussy, 0.3-0.35 if you got balls.
Deluded Bcashers.
BTC whales are going to suppress your moon mission now.
All they have to do is keep price down until Coinbase releases the 2 million its holding
We detached the empty fuel tank.
Preparing to leave the atmosphere.
Hold strong anons.
you mean pumping and dumping.
You retards didnt learn your lesson after last time?You deserve to lose all your money.
nah i want a mclaren, Koenigsegg or ferrari.
custom paint.
WHY DID YOU FAGGOTS TELL ME TO BUY BCHAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
I'm a pussy with balls.
I'm gonna do a half measure and get out at 0.28.
i literally takes me 5 seconds to withdrawl
oooooooookay??
DELUSIONALIt's "dumped" to triple it's value before the pump
k>buyround 2 here we go
GOGO LETS SMASH THIS RESISTANCELETS GO TO 0.21 GOGOGO
cashcucks take the last chance for profit or forever btfo
NOBRAKES
dumping already... hope you didnt buy in for this.
MOVE ASIDE BITGAYS.ETERNALLY BTFO BY BCH
i getting out at .4 because im a mad manthe last big pump kicked of at 1600USD.
Will we reach 0.5 today guys?
dumping Nigga what is dumping to the wrong side wtf
QUADS OF TRUTHPRAISE KEK
Volume picking upBTC head downwardsits fucking happening isnt it
hahaha!
dumping again.
Retards like you dont just get dumped once... you get dumped twice.No wonder there are so many millionaires incrypto with idiots like you basically handing them your money.
of course it'll dip in the next 15-30 mins because it's overbought.
but if it can hold 0.2 when it's oversold we're gonna see it rocket to 0.25-0.3.
this is serious delusion.
you are grasping at straws now.
BCH fags actually thought the flippening would happen
its keeps going back to 0.2 every time
will you eat your dick on national television if you're wrong about this?
bch is only 5% of my portfolio, m8.
it's nothing to me even if it crashes to zero.
LMAO nice fucking try cash cucks.
volume rising rapidly, looks like another mooning coming
why is every corecuck ta done on bittrex or a coinmarketcap screenshot lol, if you're trying to convince me then make a good argument
YOU PROMISED ME MOON PIECE OF SHIT OPNOW EVERYTHING IS FALLING APART
4340252>/biz/
Wow you bash faggots are really something.
What's it like to lose money in an industry that is booming?
WHY CANT I SELL MY BITCOIN CASHAAAAAshapeshift.io get your shit together
pretty sucky right now, I was just checking how confident you are in your seer abilitiesnot very it would seem, I don't think you're all that trustworthy to be honestplease excuse me if I disregard your posts as being worthless
Pump and dump over.Goodbye BCH.The Korean mafia thanks you for giving them your money.
Dude, that was my first post.
But anyway I think you are a minority now.
Most people have realized this was an elaborate pnd.
NO NO NO NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO STOP FUCKING CRASHING BCHJIHANNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
>back to 0.2 with gains in usd while btc shitcoin crashes and burnes after pumpyou were saying btc cucks?
That's nice, dear.
How stupid you have to be to bet against bitcoin.
I could understand amateurs and beginners but this many people... Have you really believed Ver when he told you BCC is the real bitcoin?
TOP KEK YOU JUST GOT REKT LOL
>buy at 0.19>sell at 0.20Did this almost 5 times already
And your dear Jihan is mining you guess what... yup the real bitcoin now, probably all of them dumped above 2000$ and are now having laugh of their lives as they bought the dip
5 days for a transaction to get confirmed>satoshi's visionPick one and only one.
how many bagholders you think there are?
doesn't matter what the whales are doing - people gonna offload whenever there's a spike
If you bought near the start and still sold RIGHT NOW you won against btcIf you sold yesterday you would have well over 10x your money
Bitcoin was just a prototype.
It will be replaced.
There are already much better projects.
It's good because normies sees it on TV and goes buys it.
That's it.
Proceed to spam the mempool>Divert 70% of the hashing power to an altcoin in orden to milk the shit out that blockchain>OMG whats wrong with BTC??
This cannot keep hapenning
what the FUCK IS THIS BULLSHITJIHAN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
!AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
https://twitter.com/JimBTC/status/930085984422776832
Im seriously considering kicking to death the next korean i see.
You tried to take the kind and failed.Enjoy vanishing into obscurity while your bags wight you down to your inevitable suicide when people realize it's over and this crashed down to sub $100
an absolute metric fuckton, myself included, 50% gone within 2 minutes, nobody could have timed that.
Still 4 times higher than a month ago.
Yet a pump and dump?
Are you retarded?
Its a correction.
bought at 2400iron fucking hands
lol
niggers do i buy?
moon post fork?
when is the fork?,anyone got a countdown?
This never fails to make me laugh.
HAHAHAHAHA
Moooning XDDDD
Guys I don't wanna be mean or anything... but is this what you guys call 'the good fight' now?Signed,btc
https://cash.coin.dance/
https://cash.coin.dance/cheers m8