Alright you niggers not gonna lie and try to shill my bag like the rest of biz, me and a bunch of friends split and got a PBC subscription, coin should be out shortly.
I'll let you guys know what it is.
why am I doing this you ask?
I'm gonna buy this coin, I want it to pump as much as possible, the more fags in on the pump the better for me.
yeah do it please
its dnt
stfu faggot it's not out yet
when will it be out?
also, fucking dump this coin as soon as you're satisfied with your profits, don't be a retard and hold a coin being pumped and dumped.
IT'S OUT NOW WHAT IS IT TELL US NOWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW
Post eth address for tips
niggas it's not out yet, everything being spread right now is a rumor
Is it true there was a title about pot or is that bs
God bless you anon
Bro, they posted the pick of PBC saying its potcoin.
It's out the website is just down.
I have as ubscription as well, wait at least 2 mins asshole.
bags
that was a pajeet pump n dump group you mong, you got scammed thinking its potcoin
yes he said it was gonna be something about pot, that's why niggaz hopped on POT and MTL.
Real coin isn't out yet, wait guys.
stop spreading bullshit, it's not a fucking pot coin
bags
What else is on there to do with pot?
OMG ITS POWR BUYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
Just sold my POWR before the release: 20k profit thanks Teeka !
i thought it was supposed to be out at 5:00 EST.
it's almost 6:00 EST nowHELP ME MOMMMYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
CANN
Don't listen to the shills on this thread.
They're buying a shitcoin and then they're going to say that PBC picked their shitcoin and dump all over you fools....
The website is NOT down by the way....
I have PBC subscription like the cuck that I am.
can confirm that the 'super secret' link to the new issue is in fact, down
the website crashed, I'll let you guys know when the coin is out.
Don't fall into pajeet PnDs and get dumped on like a retard
Neat, post the link so we can confirm then
The website IS down, actually.
Thank you.
What's the likelihood of them showing the title and getting people to leak it then uploading the real article?
general website is up tho
Worst is when cache loads the site
I bought a subscription also.
I could kind of tell by the overall shittiness of the website that this was going to happen when 10,000 boomers started clicking reload in IE.
So many people logged onto our website to access the latest recommendation from Teeka Tiwari that our website crashed.All the measures we took to manage the volume were completely overwhelmed.We’re working as quickly as possible to stabilize the site.
We’ll let you know as soon as we do.In the meantime, please wait for our recommendation to publish.
DO NOT try to buy any cryptocurrencies you believe may be related to today’s pick.
Doing so could result in you losing your entire investment if you “guess” the wrong pick.We appreciate your patience.Regards,Lindsey HoughEditorial Director, Palm Beach Confidential
purport myself as a investment firm>create hype around muh secret newsletters>get a bunch of retards to pump my coin for me>make them all think I pumped it when really they did>they’ll even pay me to do this
damn did they just dump on their own subscribers
Correct
Confirmed.
screencap?
4473043
Right click the email.
Go to print.
Click on save as pdf in top left.
Post it here.
You are worse than scum
this is legit
post titties to keep em interested
I'll confirm if OP is being a faggot or not.
So far story checks out...I got you senpai
All you did was click this picture in the other thread and post it here.I told you scammers what to do to prove this shit.
Go to the email.
Right click, go to print.
Click save as pdf.
Post it here scammers.
Pretty sure their website crashed
you fucking idiot it was not an email, this was sent on the private telegram group that teeka created today.
Fantastic, post the telegram link kiddo!
The JUST'ing from today's PBC "pick" is off the charts
shut the fuck up
There is no fucking private telegram.
Straight bullshit.
I am a subscriber.
wat is real?
wat is fantasy?
no one will ever know
one of you fucks prove it
Aaand that confirms it.
This was the only PBC thread I was watching this whole time.
Fuck me for being so gullible I guess.
you're a fucking moron lmao
Oh did I?
You can chose to believe what you want.
what confirms what?
you got joosted?
4473470This isn't a private telegram but here you go for those who wanted proof.t(dot)me/ConfidentialMatrix
Yep, when his friend shouted at me rather than also being curious like anyone would be it was confirmed a scam.
Alright, shitty PnD is over, nothing to see here.
I am laughing that this PnD group in this thread is out there trying to accumulate a shitcoin low so they can dump on people and now they're all trying to dump on each other to get out of it.
HAHAHAHAHA
lmao this POWR dump
sooo is this fake bois?
15 year old zit covered faces trying to strategize how to pull off their PnD to turn their $35 dollar "crypto fund" into 70.
Too cute.
Yep.
This issue is titled different
Sure is, this fake shit was posted weeks ago to initially shill SLR.
Keep tryin kiddo!
yup, am member.
no issue posted.
nice try tho lul
HOLY SHIT I FOUND IT, Chicken Teeka Malasia just privately messaged me and sent me a snek pic of one of the picks.
its out.
branson mtl.
fu
very good fake my friend
WHATS THE COIN
opening quotes in title... where?
If you're going to make a fake, you have to do better than that.
They're going to buy it first, then tell you, then sell it as you're buying it
jokes on them I'll buy it on the dip :)
waiting for pbc's shit website to work like..
not out yet, website still down
POWR it's been leaked plus it fits all the requirements.
Whats the MIT connections?
still waiting guys, I will let you know when the real pbc coin is out.
thank you for delivering us
You seem like the most genuine on /biz/.
Grateful for your effort.
Godspeed anon!
fingers crossed for vtc
Many Anon just lost there money on massive PnD's from POT, CANN, SLR, MTL, and POWRDo not listen to this shill or buy anything posted ITT until it has certain confirmation.
POWR could very well just be coordinated to dump harder after the other dumps in PnD round 2.
Ty!
you're welcome
I didnt see what the requirements where do you have a link or a tldr?
MIT connection:  https://web.powerledger.io/mediarelease/
Bitcoin Cash confirmed PBC pick - pumping now.
cap is way too large for even PBC to pump it
Why doesn't Teeka just announce it in the Telegram?
Look for Leigh Traver - then look him up on LinkedIn.
MIT
You expect boomers to handle telegram?
dude gtfo of this thread, fucking retard
HOLY SHIT ITS LINK HE SAID LINK WILL BE 1000$ BY 2018
the team looks solid, but can't find any MIT connection
He has to maintain the illusion that this isn't just a PnD group
I'll guess POWR or Metal based on the fact that they're both pumping
Yes bc today really is Nov 21.
Fucking retard gtfo with your fake
Look for Leigh Traver in that article.
His LinkedIn profile is MIT
lol I didn't even notice that at first
It's Salt.
They pick coins that haven't been pumped yet.
Salt is a solid pick.
Guys I lost $45 buying MTL!!
Where’s the PBC join link?
I lost 100 SALT in these shenanigans today, if It’s SALT, I’m hurting myself.
dash
pick is dash
LOL!
Leigh Travers took a 12 week online Fintech course offered by MIT.
He is NOT one of MITs "great minds".
how long until the information is available?
days, hours, minutes?
it's closed until 2018
Yeah... not my claim :)
I made huge profit with Metalpay.
It was picked by a Finnish crypto investing group.
Now I'm all in Salt and hope it's Teeka's pick.
idk man just waiting, it's not dash btw don't listen to retards on biz
Thank you OP for keeping us updated!
fomo on dash.
people gonna lose monay again and again tonight.
winners gonna wait
Can someone tell the buy up to price for XMR?
wtf.
for 10% i have my index funds.
Isn't that one of the most ironic things to say in this sub?
dash rn is potcoin and mtl all over again, so many fucking idiots fomoing and losing money...
It's not dash, but I made a fuck ton of money in 10 secs :D
last month it was 60 bucks i believe
Dash
kys lmao
HOW IS IT STILL NOT OUTWHAT'S TAKING SO LONGMY LINK IS GONEAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
PBC is DASH.
You have been alerted
can you please gtfo back to plebbit?
It's dash.
I have the pdf
you kept me from buying high, thanks bro, the fomo was real
Is the page still down?
PBC is LINK.
Buy or stay poor kiddies
It's DASH you niggers get in on this shit
You're an idiot.
Keep them bags safe for us
4474185which pumpdump group r u from?
PBC is NOT dash.
We still cannot login due to website DDOS
It's DASH you niggers get in on this shitHES RIGHT FAGGOTS
dash/pot/metal.
all this fuckers are making money cause this guy has the infrastructure of a 98 website.
it is DASH you tard
Nah I'm fine :D
4474222not Dash.
poor anons, you're losing money and misdirecting this thread.
Poasting dash here will not make you money.
lmao.
Does it feel good intentionally being a fuck?
It's Bitcoin Cash, pumping now
op here again, wish I could delete all these retarded posts but I can't.
don't listen to anyone guys, not dash, not pot, not mtl.
Website's still down, I'll let you guys know when the real coin is out.
Does it feel good intentionally being a fuck?
Lmao
its vtc!!
go
Action to take: Buy WAVESBuy-up-to-Price: 15$Stop loss: NoneBuy it On: BittrexStore it on: CoinomiLet the game come to you Big Teeka
op here again, wish I could delete all these retarded posts but I can't.
don't listen to anyone guys, not dash, not pot, not mtl.
Website's still down, I'll let you guys know when the real coin is out.Maybe you're just a fucking pajeet with slow ass net lmao
44740564474182good job faggots you actually had me fooled and I went all in on dashjokes on you though I still made profit cause I sold fast enough
LMFAO there is so much FOMO, its killing other alts.....
The coin is MTL.
BUY BUY BUY
Made 4k just from the PND groups, thanks
Btc to 10k, storj to $1, and the pick was dash till $600
It's official, I'm a cuck.
I'm a subsciber.
I let potcoin slide after I got the email because I wanted to be totally sure, so I just kept F5ing the faggot's site.
Now the real pick is dash, I didn't hit F5 at the right moment to see it for the 5 seconds it was accidentally published, and by the time I hear about it on /biz/ it had already mooned and come back down.So basically I paid $2500 to get ramrodded hard in the pucker by a millionaire pajeet and his bagholder buddies.
Thanks Teeka Masala.
OP is a faggot clearly.
fuck if only... i will cream my pants 10k vtc @0.80 here
I already had DASH, so that call made my day, not every shitpost shill is bad afterall
indeed, but also shows that the aggregate retardation of /biz/ can pack some serious bidding power
>all those people that fell for mtl pot and dash
words cannot describe how much i hate this piece of shit.
i'll laugh my ass off when he'll end up in jail for P&Ds
biz = 90% PND
yeah this a fucking shit show bro.
give me my $2500 back
I hope it's either VTC, VIA, EXP or RLC
so let me get this straight.
some mother fucker pays this guy to tell all of you what coin to buy.
beforehand he buys up the coin and tells you suckers to pump the price after he's already invested.
he then dumps the bags onto you guys and you pay him 2500 for the pleasure?this is pathetic, you all deserve to lose money but this asshole shouldn't be the one to get it.
I actually want to join but its closed till 2018
Prepare for all the pink wojak posts in about 4 min.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA MY SIDES
when you realize its dash you'll buy in..up to 600
lmao clever.
It is dash you fuck
You are lying.
DASH is already on his list.
It was added on 5/27/17.
He will not pick a coin that is already on his list.
He will send out and update if there is any change in the strategy.
You don't have a subscription and if you do you are just FOMOing DASH for your own gains.
I'm thinking of sending them the doctor's bill when I get treated for the RSI I'm developing right now hitting F5 FOR TWO AND HALF FUCKING HOURS STRAIGHT NOW RRRAAHHHHH
holy FUCK its monero guyss
FFS it's not Dash, it was already picked once --' Just wait for the freaking pick from the OP
wait a second the subscription is 2 and a half fucking thousand dollars?what the fuck
Can't spell FUD without U
nWkvC9do you have a subscription?
are you in a discord/telegram that has access?Shut the fuck up.
monero
its dash noobs.
no, he's a fucking liar.
it says right on their site the sub costs 3k for 6 months.
nah I saw the post for about 2 minutes in total before it went down again.
was just about to screenshot and the site took a shit on me.
Unless it was hacked or some shit and we were shown a fake post.
It said Dash up to 600 - I agree that this is weird given that it's already on his list up to $140.
Not sure what to think.
I'm sitting this out until I can see the issue again.
Yup.
And he sold so many that its closed to new subscribers until 2018 (or he got a bunch of death threats, not sure which)
Action to take: Buy MTLBuy-up-to-Price: $7Stop Loss: NoneBuy It On: Bittrex
Yes I have a subscription.
It's Dash.
Here is the report:https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/367458548550074378/382315242127884299/Weve_Found_the__PayPal__of_the_Pot_Industry_-_Palm_Beach_Research_Group.pdfGood luck.
OP WHATS THE PIC??
nah dude, it's just to create the illusion that his unlimited supply of advice is somehow a hot commodity.
he makes all his money buying up shitcoins and tell the rest of the pajeet shillers to hype up, dumping the horseshit onto everyone.
https://twitter.com/500Bitcoins/status/932761917281722369 PDF is inside.
its dash.
It is not DASH.
DASH was already added to Teeka's list in May of this year.
So pro Dash to the moon!
Saving some for long term as well.
how we going OP
dash.. LOL
they're spamming an old oneit fucking says the target price is 600
44742994474299
"$ESP - Only on YOBIT ExchangeThis it boys.And remember,Let the game come to you.Big T"
OP u here?
Save us from these shills
wherse the tripfag
WHERE IS 20YA!!!!!!!!!
https://pastebin.com/Xrm2CCL4You're welcomed.
And fuckk you streetshittera
This is from the May issue.
I hope you bought in and lose all your money you stupid cuck.
here you go anons, the pdfhttps://file.io/OjmtBs
Says Nov 20th tho
Must be the November issue then!
It's literally just text.
What moron couldn't edit that ?
kek
wtf OP save us
OPPPPPP
https://pastebin.com/pP3CAWsY
lol, the ACTUAL pick comes out and people are too exhausted blowing their wad on POT and DASH (fifteen minutes before it released properly) to generate any volume for the real pump.Meanwhile subscribers get triple-cucked trying to access his fucking website while /biz/tards and telegram pumpers score a 4x on POT.
yes still here, still waiting for website to come back up, ignore these fags lol
https://file.io/OjmtBsFair point :)
harhar
says Dash has a market cap of 3.3 billion>it has 4This must be it
4474782relax boys, we're still waiting, Don't fall for the shills
Goddamn, baldy sure is taking his time fixing the server over there.
https://pastebin.com/pP3CAWsYITS DASHOP CONFIRMS
Is there any blurb on the website?
Those short ass summaries that you click before you get to the main article
website is up.
check your issues.
you also got a new email and/or text alert.
jeeze dude, you leading these poor fools on.
it's dash.. as shitty as that sounds, it's true.
trying so hard
Doing the lords work bless you
stfu u larping fucktard.
im a subscriber and yes it is dash.im not buying fucking dash tho
If i was a paid member id be pissed about leaks and speculation
Its dash
It's not dash
it is dash
Its dash dipshit.
Read the articles on pastbin.Hes saying it will be worth 2600!
dash it is
It's link
its bitcoin
LINKies rejoice
fucking surprised but it is dash
Its really dash?
just dumped a grand USD into Dash.Thanks OP!
Dash....again
fug.....
It's really dash, not a very sexy pick that's for sure
Wtf, but Dash is a scam
>Confirming (48/30)Goddammit you chinks confirm my deposit I don't wanna miss it.
That I believe.
Looks legit.
you are like an hour late lmfao.>muhh dont listen to shills
Yes.
Read all the pastbin articles.
ty op
it's actually dash are you fucking kidding me
is you stupid dude?
dash already pump and dumped half an hour agoretard op is just slow af wit africa net
DASH is a pos.
whats wrong with dash?
you guys are literally retarded.
>dash is confirmed>it dumps 10%KEEEKdon't buy retard
and ICN for short term....
will sleep hold dash.better not wake up to poverty
still a good time to buyit has a very big marketcap so its safe
yep confirmed dash but i'm not buying that shit.
it's already pumped and i won't make much anyway.
It's Dash.
Wew lad.
His subscribers must really love that pick.
I hope this kills dash
buy the rumor sell the news.rumor is now news
Official subscriber here.
Still cannot login into the website.
The leaked pdf is a remake of a May PBC.
It would be way over $600 already if it was true.
Stay tuned pajeets
Pffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffft fuck these assholes.
They pay $3k for a dash recommendation?
LOL
Congrats on this.
Seriously
>people paid $2500 for this

Yup:"Short-Term Cryptocurrency PortfolioIconomi (ICN)Iconomi, the platform for digital asset investments, 􀃒nished the third quarter with a book value just shy of$120 million.
As we write, Iconomi’s market capitalization is just $94 million, meaning it’s trading at a 22%discount to its book value.
The company continues to execute on its plan to bring digital asset managersto its platform.
It now has 14 cryptocurrency funds trading on its platform.
Iconomi also released theo􀃕cial Android Iconomi app.
(One is already available for Apple.)"
Chart isnt show a PBC pick, is this confirmed true?
still can't believe its a dash pick
hahaha they payed 3k for a dash rec?
fucking lol and its dumping now.
Fuck you
If the sunlight on dash's literal scam this year didn't kill it, I don't have high hopes.Btc bubble pop 4.0 can't come soon enough.
It'll purge so much shit
these niggas r gonna recommend bitcoin next month
i dont get it.
why do you get to complain about what they pick?
does it really matter what they pick?
you all just want them to pick some shitcoin that doesnt do anything for PND.
theyre actually trying to pick a coin with a future.
Please don't make predictions you'll confuse the 84% of this board with downsyndrome.
This +1000They arent picking PnDs, they are picking long term.
How often do they give picks and how long does a $3000 subscription last?
This is palm beach confidential right?
Everyone blew their wad on POT, and then DASH was published for like 3 seconds and pulled again for 20 more minutes.
By the time it released for real everyone was too fucking exhausted to bother.
Look at the candles:k BTC volume in the POT pumpk BTC volume in the first DASH pump BTC volume in the real DASH pumpTeeka really fucked his subscribers raw this month, he'd better sacrifice his reputation on a $2M microcap shitcoin next month so his subbies can score a 10x.
I'm a subscriber and I've literally lost money this month.
I'm fucking furious.
do you realize that they just picked a competitor of the coin they've just shilled less than a month ago (zencash)?
do you think this is a rational long-term strategy?
fuck no, it's all pump and dump and teeka is a fat piece of dogshit
I'm a sub too.
I only made money because I have a PHP bot that market buys and sells at the click of a button, which gives me a slight time advantage over the rest of the horde.
10k wagered and 1.3k made.
Technically bad for a few hours of stress, but after the GAS and ZEN pumps I was really hoping for a 1.5x.
This is my first month onboard Mr. Teeka's Wild Ride and it was a little too fucking wild for me.Seriously, I pay $2500 so I can sit down once a month, press a button and make thousands with minimal risk.
That is not what I fucking received this month.
You are not a subscriber.
We all know the price is 3k.
I paid full price at 3K.
Didn't even get the $100 free Bitcoin.
What is he doing recommending fucking Dash?
It's already god damn $500 something bucks.
he lowered it retard
And what the fuck is he thinking trying to pump a $3.6B mcap coin?
He tried to pump Ripple during his infomercial last month too.He fucking advertises his PBC service as a newsletter that targets small cap companies, then shills two of the biggest cryptocurrencies back to back?
He's fucking deluded.
POT went 5x on just a whiff of a rumor, imagine if he'd actually picked a coin that size and released his shit on time.
It probably would have gone 10x.I'm livid thinking about the gains I MISSED because I ignored the implication of POT in his email and waited patiently for the real newsletter.
next time all you retard subscribers dont pay 3k to have some pajeet motherfucker shill you coins
What's even better is we got an Email that said something along the lines of, don't try to guess or you'll risk losing your investment (this was when the servers were down).
Oh great Teeka, the servers came on and guess what, I lost fucking money!
Would have been better just buying the thought of it being POT.
I'm feeling really foolish I paid money for this bullshit when it leaks on /biz/ within 12 seconds anyway.
Fuck am I mad.
Yeah at this rate he'll probably shill bitcoin itself next month, then next month USDT, then next month USD.
Then he'll close up shop and move to bogota and spend the rest of his days getting his dick sucked by a harem of trannies and laughing at us cryptocucks.
He shilled shillers.
mad at myself for not thinking 4D chess-wise and piling into POT as soon as it was clear the real newsletter wasn't loading.
I should have known at that point it didn't matter what the real pick was, all that mattered was what the rumor mill could get their hands on... which was POT.
I thought about it briefly at 8:02 but held strong.
Fuck my face.
Doesn't he offer a 30 day money back guarantee or something like that?
Do you think his new normie subscribers realize how badly they were screwed?
Are there any comments on his telegram about this from subscribers?
The guarantee is you'll have the chance to make 1000% gains with his picks over the course of a year, or he'll give your money back.
Which is pure bullshit because across the dozens of coins he recommends over the year, of COURSE there will be the opportunity to make 1000% worth of gains.
All he needs to do is recommend one coin that drops 90% one week and goes 1000% the next.
Boom, promise fulfilled.
All his subscribers won't have made any money, but they technically 'made 1000%'.
his shit gets leaked so fast that there's no doubt that it's an orchestrated operation and teeka is aware of that, so there's a small group of PBC that knows what the pick will be even before the other subscribers.
i want this sack of shit to go down
I don't have any telegrams.
What I think honestly is, we are done with the good old days.
I think this pick of Teeka's is a sign of what's to come.
He closed off the enrollment for PBC and I think I know why now.
The days of multiplying your investment many times over in an evening are gone.
I pray I'm wrong, because crypto is my only way out, but I do not like what I've seen this month.
newfag here, tripping for next time.
dont say I never did anything nice for you faggots.
Now you dont have to download some shady shit for the leakSorry bout shit tier quality - but hell its legible.
had to learn how to record -> convert to webm right quick.
will be better next time.
I wonder if he will use his solar pick next month.
It will be interesting to see.
don't listen to these shills minutes later>I-it's dash g-guys
pay 3000 to buy a coin that pumps like 1 or 2% more than every other big market cap is doing atm, and will recorrect when people start selling out of it?lmao
tfw people actually pays money for a dash recommendation
This is an old fucking newsletter