Get in now, it will only go up from here!
Bearish as fuck OP, get out now!
nope sorry, confido is going below ico price.
get out now
wtf
You do know they are done right?
I guess this post is a joke, but for those unaware Confido has exited and it's dumping to nothing.
hahaha rip.
it was a scam all along
Is this real?
4452173Yes.
Though you all had plenty of time to extract profit.It's dumping below ICO now, and the project is indefinitely postpoined (i.e canceled)It's literally unsellable atm.
Yeah I just lost so much money because of one message
wtf i love confido now
MFW sold at 0.9
hold me
press S to spit on its grave
what is legal issue they saying, did dev dump their bags?
if so then rip forever, if they not dump yet, chances that it may recover.
think of all the anons who got 20x gains and did not take profits yet
tfw was asleep when it ath>tfw figured I'd sell in december when the alpha release hype was at max but knew the alpha would be shitty and/or get delayed right before release.>tfw sub-ICO now.RIP, could've cashed out at $20k.Nah, the dev wallet it still untouched, not that they needed to sell in the first place if they just took the ETH.
They still got time.
Ico price was 3 cents right?
It's already below ICO.
dunno about its usd price but it was .00014500 eth iirc
its a bit over 3x ico price dumbass
STILL FEELING COMFYDO????
No it's not.
Coinmarketcap isn't updated.
It's trading below ICO on Etherdelta and Kucoin
think of all the niggers who left high buy orders on exchanges lmao.
get dumped on, niggers
oh shit, looking at the trade history on ed rn.
what a burn for those guys
I took my profit like a week ago... What was ICO price?
yeah thats what i was mainly talking about.
then bought it 10x what its now basically, holy shit hahaha
My guess is that they tanked the price on purpose so someone could buy cheap tokens.
Well I got a $2k FIAT bag in it might as well hold.
Shit cost me some of my NEO profits this week, the bastards.
IIRCIt's trading at 00012 and below.I do wonder why they crashed the coin like this instead of just waiting until December when the binance announcement was to be made, especially considering they didn't touch their 4,500,000 CFD stack while it was worth a dollar.
I do, CFD was my biggest ROI yet in crypto.
Sold my last 3k for 3 ETH when the news came out, could be worse
LOLLLLILOLLOLOLLOLOLOLLOLLOLOLLOREKKKKKKKKKKKKT
hasnt reached bottom yet
I'm going to buy when it reaches bottom
Respect to these guys, have been honest with everything even the bad news like this.
Ps.
I don't hold any confido.
i love people losing all their money.
it makes me happy knowing some fucktards lost it all.
at least i still have money
I don't fucking get it.
Every risk I've taken I just get fucking dickered.
Ironically the only successful trades I made were when I started crypto.
Now I feel like I'm burning my money
Yeah it's a bear market now, that's why.
Damn near everything gets JUST'd sooner or later nowadays.
>Binance soon!
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
It's not even worth it to sell at this point and make 10% of my money back.
Just gonna HODL for however long it takes for them to hopefully get out of their legal trouble.