https://etherdelta.com/#ASTRO-ETHLets review /biz/1.
4mil total supply2.
Hedge fund offering dividends per tokens, currently .30 cents a token3.
1.5mm tokens airdropped in december4.
first payout in december of divdends5.
Just added
almost 2$ already
CEO says $5 before any big exhanges and they are talking to four big exchanges, binance is one for sure.
Next stop .0069 ETH, currently .0049 ETH
.0069 eth now.
Next stop .01 eth, you fags don't listen very well.
strapped in since .005
already made 200%, this will easily be a 1000% launch
what's your first sell at?
dollars
No Website?
Smells fishy.
learn to googleastronaut.capital
Missed BitPay, got in too late on GVT and only managed to get 5% profit.If I get meme'd on this shitcoin, I'm going to call your parents.
Yeah also thought so, change https to http, worked for me, dunno what the problem there is
Where was this said?
they just updated after ico, took down the https version.
if your timed out on the page, go to just www.
version
its run by a fucking hedge fund you idiot, you honestly think there doing this to make you money?
these guys are cashing out asap
Telegram, check it.
They also send out investor updates for investors, they just took a vote on the next move for the airdrop.
>only lets ico investors vote on project, FUCKING AWESOME
What is the link to their telegram?
its not run by a hedge fund you fuck, it IS A HEDGE FUND.
A crypto one.
They release their holdings to investors, check the fucking telegram
3 hours and it'll be on CMC,>it will be .015 eth when its listed
What's so great about this crypto?
Are dividends paid in eth?
Are a fraction of your coins sold to pay you the dividend?
MOONING
.007 now.
LOL YOU GUYS ARE MISSING THE BOAT, TOMORROW IT'LL BE .02
when this hits CMC and everyone sees the 4mil tokens, expect that 15 dollars.
We are already at 2.50.
>no holders will sell these, the payout is too good.
if they make a few million, we get like 2 grand a quarter in dividends
Currently trading around $2.25, over 3X ICO
.50
Info on possible airdrop:https://vimeo.com/243049313
.
Presale and ICO was closed to U.S., Chinese, and Singapore investors for regulatory reasons -- everybody in those jurisdictions that wants to get on board now has to bid up the token price ahead of the upcoming dividend/airdrop.
His name is literally mad dips
Strap in, astronauts...
I own 300.
How long should i hold?
Depends.
Right now the depth is looking clear for a 2x, hopefully.
If it gains traction and hits Binance I'll be holding for much longer.
Sell 20% for each 10x>Collect ETH dividends>Enjoy the lunar landscape

This looks pretty crazy, there is barely anyone selling
Why the fuck would anyone sell at 5x, or even 10x price on this?
Token supply on offer is going to dry up even further ahead of the dividend and airdrop.
Now at ~$2.86 / 4x ICO
Aaaand, now we're at 0.01 ETH / 4.7x ICO
I fucking told you neetsMaybe you should listen.
I'm still right>its going to 15 dollarsMark my mother fucking words.
Don't believe me?
Check back in a week or less
going to 15 dollarsStill not selling
thats why this will be a repeat of Numerai when its added on binance/bittrex.Go look at Numerai's all time high.... go ahead....Every one of those holders at the beginning was a scientist and not a trader, so no one traded it and there was no one selling...>Same story for ASTRO, the people who invested are not BTARDs or crypto fucks.
They are bankers from aussie
$163
Go look at Numerai's all time highHmm... if the price gets to $165 I may have to sell off 25% or so...
noone will buy a 160$ shitcoin today
Not a shit coin, some investors from largest aussie bank want in now that the ICO is closed they missed it, and they will announce that soon too
Crypto hedge fund with transparent AUM>Quarterly ETH dividends>"shitcoin"
Don't worry you'll buy the top sometime
No one's really buying or selling right now
it'll stay like that, no holders are impatient kids that dump, so expect a slow rise up to 25
Also it's on fucking ED, the only people who want to use that shit are the folks desperately trying to buy in before it goes on a real exchange
>someone just sold their stack at .0078
weak hands getting purged
Random buys on ED will probably be the last bargain to be had on this token before it gets listed on a real exchange (probably inside of a week).
exactly, we are talking 500% gains in just one day
I mean, this thing would have to go 50x at least before I would dust off the Trezor and actually use ED to sell some
the 10 people who just sold are fucking dumb.
>come back in 2 hours and see what a mistake you made lololol
To say nothing of coming back in December/January
should I go all in?
some weak fucking hands on ED
gaaaaaay lord
Seriously -- who the fuck sees a token trade all the way up to 0.01, and then thinks, hmm, I should put in a sell order 30% lower...
dumb fucks, its already turning around.
We will see .013 this time, and then .03, then CMC listing and .05 then Binance and .1>get in now
When it gets listed to bigger exchanges do we keep our stack on ED or what is the best way to proceed?
Never ever go all in on an altcoin.
no, take it off ED once you buy, put it in your offline wallet and wait until december when you get 2k in eth from holding
marketcap?
Same thing happened early with Dovu and Mod.
I'm still pretty new so it scared me off both times.
I'm hanging around on this one.
First of all, you should be keeping your "stack" in the ERC20 hardware wallet where you're going to receive dividends.If you're going to play around with trading some, it's generally best to do that in whatever market has the most volume.
Right now ED is the only game in town, but once a real exchange comes in, that volume will likely dry up rapidly.
fucking KEK at those people who just sold off their ASTRO at .60 - .70
LOL>just lost thousands in dividends only 1 month away LOL
What is the best wallet for this?
Keeping them on myetherwallet is no good?
4400826To be fair, only slightly more retarded than the people on the sell side of those 0.01 trades
alright, you faggots made me buy some.
dont make me regret this.
MEW itself is fine, but if you have a decent amount of crypto it's a good idea to get a hardware wallet to protect your private key.
yep.
some dumbass sold 500 @ .0065... its back up to .009 now
Is there a calculator for dividends?How many tokens were you ICO guys allowed to buy?
I just have 250 from ED.
No visibility yet, but the web app for holders should be launching in the next couple of weeks.I don't think there was a cap.
Most of the top holders are in the 40-50k range, I believe.
Do your own research, this isn't a pump and dump, and this isnt a shitcoin>there are only 4mil tokens, this is going up naturally, and will continue to do so>holders are in this for the dividends, not trading
I did, but I didn't see any real info on the dividends so I asked.
back to .01 eth....that was the dip before the launch, we just dropped off our boosters and now we are clear to engage hyperdrive
someone give me a quick rundown on what i just bought.
I'M NOT FUCKING SELLING
https://imgur.com/FSimua0
you bought gold with shillings
that was the dip before the launch, we just dropped off our boosters and now we are clear to engage hyperdriveTrue, but can we just have one coin that doesn't get tainted with all the moon and lambo bullshit?
This is a serious investment, not another random moon mission.
yes this is most definitely a long term hold.We will see 30 dollars for a coin in december for the dividends.
That would be my exit
You bought your ticket to the promised land of lambos and khazar milkers
binance soon?
SOON TM
Give it a week, maybe less
can we just have one coin that doesn't get tainted with all the moon and lambo bullshitJust a bit of levity, anon.
I don't see the investor base on this one resembling your median /biz/ user anytime soon.
by that time we will be at 80 dollars!!!!
Fuck.
Look at this shit, this will look this way until the dividend...> fuck, goodluck buying in now
So its a copy of TaaS?
I FOMO'd in afterall.
Damn this crypto shit, could have bought at half price 2 hours ago but got cold feet.
At least I will be an astronaut, amiright?
Alright, in for a couple hundred.
This concept is cool -- we are literally watching a new type of market form before our eyes.
And this is 100% a security, hopefully it doesn't get squashed by the government.
What is the dividend boys?
Is it relative to the ICO holdings' health?
TaaS is not investing in ICOs
4401304source on binance rumors?
bought at 0.0067 and it dropped to 0.004all week i was waiting for it to go back to just 0.006 so I could sell.Sell at 0.0065Now at 0.012FUCK ME.
stop investing for the quick pump fool
>next stop .02 ETH >CHOO CHOO MOTHER FUCKERS
The CEO has been forthright that they've been actively working with 3-4 major exchanges.
Not sure exactly where Binance was postulated, but the intel around timing is good.
Ok, you're right.
I'm in.
Let's ride to the moon in our astronaut-themed lambos.
where can i read more about their dividends
Seriously, people, this is the one fucking token out of all the fucking tokens out there that you should be holding for *years.
*
I don't think ICOs will be happening for *years*
Read the white paper on the web site.
Basically, 50% of realized gains will be paid out as an ETH dividend per quarter.
40% gets reinvested back into the fund.
We can disagree on that point, then.
They'll look a lot different in the future, yes, but there will still be new projects raising capital (if anything, higher quality ones).
right now the order book is so thin..... a whale could buy out every order on ED with a few hundred ETH and then the price would be in the 100s
others would jump in to dump at lower prices and pressure the price back down but yeah it would be nice to be a whale right now anyways considering its gonna 10x at least once it hits CMC and exchanges
Fuck you biz, why didn't you tell me about this yesterday?
There's still time, anon -- this *is* getting in at the bottom
I did.
You haven't missed anything yet.
I was making shill threads 3-4 days ago when it was 0.004Except I was only trying to dump my bags...Just bought in at 0.009 if i get left bag holding again...
The CEO is so hottake all my ether and turn it into billions plsyou handsome rogue
This is going to fucking moon in the next few days.
Watch it.I called every single price point spot on.
I called ED listing last night.
I shared the link a week ago.
I called .06, .09, its going to .016, then .03, then CMC and $30+ a token
We can only hope...
When will this be listed on coinmarketcap?
The buys are thin as paper.
Nothing more than 1 eth Lol
Just read white paper...
Trying to get some funds into fucking ED so I can get at least a couple thousand of these
its dumping time to sell?
Sell to me pls
so what does this token do?
this is going to hit top volume on ED, and if that happens, holy fuck.
Could you guys image $15+ an ASTRO TODAY??
?>definitely excited for this.
A real coin, no a pnd, not a scam
i would give everyone in this thread .1 eth if it goes to 15 dollars today damn
When does the app release?Take your profit before then.
ok, you better be online in a few hours fucker.
I want my eth
Just went all in.
What does this coin do?
is there telegram for this?
lmfao
its on CMC!>I said 0.013 when its added, get ready boys
FUCK YEAH!normies take notice
mfw
where is the link??
proof
fuck> you cant look on CMC yourself?
Want me to just send you all my money too??
https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/astro/
assuming you hold how many tokens?
except no russians
ITS CRASHING SELL SELL SELL
https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/astro/
sike, weak hands are being purged.this happened earlier, it went down to .007 again for like 30 minutes then shot up to .01 again when people bought up all the cheap sells
Shit, I bought in at 0.011, it is tanking fast.
Should I get out to limit my losses?
How can that be, you all said x20 fast!
buy more, get your cost average down, then watch the gainz come in
So according to the devs, they've submitted their info to exchanges.
Hopefully we're listed within a week.
This shit is going to keep going up.
Look at the depth of the orderbook.
No one is selling.
> if your thinking you want to sell, either do it and take the losses or be a fucking man> and wait a normal amount of time, like a success trader would... jesus
oh i believe you, i'm holding until i get my dividends
Isnt this a security though?
Sounds like there will be a struggle to get on bittrex
idk about Bittrex, but we should look forward to Binance
They had 100% KYC compliance, no issues there
what are they getting dividends from
I bought 100 of these at $1 for lulz.Cheeky little earner.
Was up for throwing money in either this HST or Emphy.Astro had the sexiest website theme.
thats the best choice you've made all year.
wait for next week when this is $30 on binance > LOL FAGS SELLING NOW ITS BEEN 2 HOURS
>that dumpwho here getting JUSTed right now?
Same thing happened earlier today, we're heading back up.
keeps dropping my DCA down :^)not complaining one bit
We're back boys, rest in fucking peace anybody who sold at 0.006.
*ding* going....up.....
>that buy wallreckon it will get removed once the buy orders start going up?
I wish I listened to you sooner, anon
>You cannot trade this order because it already traded.
Someone else already traded this order and the order book hasn't updated yet
J U S T :)))
its never dipping lololLook at the eth trying to catch any falling knives, over 200 ETH waiting.
lololol
lol at people selling now
Shh, somebody needs to sell to me, anon!
>ico flippers selling the next numeraire
I managed to catch the dip and bought at 62.
We gonna make it.
Someone tell me I can sleep tight without getting justed tomorrow
People do not realise how much better ICOs are for raising funds.
And for both parties.
Worry about getting justed after we hit a decent exchange.
Look at our buy walls mate
the buy walls are lower than I bought in though
You can sleep for years matey.
This is the real deal.
Should i buy more??
I am reviewing, looks like it got dumped...
aight so you're playing with minor risk for something with huge promise and hype that could easily 5x
gonna 5x soon, ahha, you fags that didnt get in, heh good luyck geting rich somehwo lsoer.
virgin mother bitch
>once people realize its never dropping back lower.....>expect the fucking MOON
u be ight
everyone starting to realize this.
soon
man i mustve managed to buy this at the bottom of the dip.
makes me feel accomplished
Now hold until at least the 2Q18 dividend for a real sense of accomplishment
that would be 7500 per every 1000 tokens you hold if you held that long>BANK
this thread has been up for 8+ hours now and ASTRO has made everyone money.
>fuck thats awesome
Where are you getting those numbers from?
I've read everything I can find about this coin but I haven't seen anything that would help me estimate dividends.
kek were you seriously dumping?I'm holding the rest until December at the very least
Who are you quoting?
pajeets on a mission in this thread, this shitcoin couldn't even encrypt their website properly and theyre shilling their crypto coin, lol
Stay poor, anon.
More for us.
keep trying faggot
They just went live with the website after the ICO, read the thread dumbass
i dont trust a damn thing anyne on this board says.
not since the bancor launch.
and i went "all in" because everyone insisted it was going to be a top 3 coin and couldnt lose.
ive still never recovered
Trusting jews, ever
Damn, I really hope Binance is soon because sell walls get ugly on ED.
Biz cracks me up.I bought at the ico because it's a legit team who will invest/trade icos and shitcoins so I don't have to.
Then pay me in dividends.
Fucking solid.But I was wondering why biz never talked about astro during ico.
Now I understand.
You jews don't shill legit projects during icos.
I don't know about that.
There was plenty of Confido shilling while the stage 2 whitelist was still up.
Can't believe I fell for this like a dumb nigger.
LINKed again by /biz, thank you anon.
I should sell all and get out of this shit.
stop trolling you reverse pajeet
It's dumping right now.
Sadly, I bought at like .0075 but I only put 5 eth down on it, Hopefully it doesn't come down more but I might put more on it if it hits like .005