Consider this thread payback for the early tip on POWR.
What would you do if there was a Korean coin coming out on EtherDelta next week that already had a live working product that banks and financial institutions use, partnerships with 27 of these banks, partnerships/pilot programs running at three universities and 7 national research hospitals?
How about if it had a partnership with the second biggest bank in Korea to make the Tether of Korea and have it interconnect with this blockchain?
What if I told you Ripple was forced to partner with them because Ripple couldn’t get into the Korean scene alone since this mystery crypto already has a choke hold on it?Would you buy it?
Or would you stay pajeet?
lol @ shilling this coin.
its like shilling eth when it was 20$fuck off op.
u golden if you have atleast 75k icx
What date is it on ED?
I missed the ICO by a day
The ico sold out within a few hours.
I mean I missed the whitelist registration
I don’t think there was a whitelist.
It sold out completely in the first presale round with a 30 ETH cap.
If they’re on schedule, KYC/AML should be done soon and tokens unlocked.
Next week sometime is my bet.
Doesn't that mean there will be a lot of whales dumping a load of ICX
an ico platform in a country that banned icos
what's the point of the token?
No there was a whitelist and KYC (Passport + picture with passport.)
Its already on hitbtc no?
That's IOU (kind of like futures).
And it like 6x the price of ICO
Naw, 30 ETH (like $8k at the time) was the max anyone could have bought in with.
No whales allowed.
ty i was wondering why it was so high
It was the last one and was completed before that went into effect.
They have a grant from the research and tech arm of their government and they did strict KYC/aml.
4535419top kek, you are cute>they can't buy more than the limit, that's impossible!Look at what happened with REQ...
req was a pure scam with 20% presale bonus for big investors.
thats why it dumped straight under ico u brainlet
Its used to print money
koreans flew to romania as bought 200 IDs with selfies...