>told my pay is biweekly as I enter new job>they pay me every 2 weeks insteadTHIS SHOULD NOT BE ALLOWED

>biweekly>"bi" "weekly">"bi" = 2Brainlet
OP BTFO
biweekly has 2 meanings in the dictionary, twice a week or once every 2 weeks.
It's a stupid fucking word.
Did you think you were going to be paid twice a week?
gr8b8m8
op...
never in my life have I heard biweekly and thought "twice a week".
It is always every two weeks.Idiot
What is your point?
You've clearly demonstrated that OP is being paid 25% as frequently as he should be if it were biweekly.
basically all jobs pays every 2 weeks
Then why is 6 months called biannually?
Lmao nice OP
Top tier bait OP.
I wrote an angry reply then erased it with this.
Nobody uses that first way, that's fucking retarded.
language is shit-- wittgenstein
Bi-weekly = Every other week, repeating on the same day of the week.
Winds up having 26 pay periods per year (52 weeks / 2 = 26).Semi-monthly = Twice a month, on the same day of the month (usually 1st and 15th OR 15th and 30th).
Winds up having 24 pay periods per year (12 months x 2 = 24).You still wind up making the same amount, the only difference I've seen is the date shifts a bit if you tend to max out your taxable income in August or September.Bi-weekly can be used in two ways (twice a week OR every two weeks) which is why it is avoided when possible, or clarified if it must be used.
semi-monthly means every 2 months retard
implying the majority aren't retarded
It comes from the confusion of "bi-" as from either "bi-" meaning "two of x" (bi-cycle) or meaning "divide in two" (bi-sect).Similar confusions with semi-annual and bi-annual both being twice a year while bi-ennial is every two years.
That would be bi-monthly, though this is the first time I've seen these two terms confused - the weekly/monthly and annual/-ennial are the more common issues.
So were you being serious in OP or what
wow fucking scammers.
i would quit on the spot!
While you are technically correct, in what kind of job would they even pay you twice a week?
under the table cash jobs, most legit i've ever seen is weekly though
removals paid me cash in hand for every day I worked.
If I worked 7 days in a week, i got paid 7 times.
The word for that is fortnightly... Or do burgers not know that word?
was about to say thisalways used fortnightly to refer to 2 weeks, why on earth would anybody use biweekly for this when it has ambiguous meaning?
You can use Google like a dictionary:define:biweekly adj.Happening every two weeks.define:faggot n. Variant of fagot.
n. Offensive Slang Used as a disparaging term for a homosexual man.How did you get employed?
Even if you don't speak English you can Google shit.
>employers can't just say 'every two weeks'It's really their fault for not knowing how many brainlet applications there are.
You have to tell your boss you’re an autist if you want to be spoon fed like one sir
my bicycle doesn’t have just one wheelJUSTed