is this a shitcoin or not?
will people actually use it?
give it to me straight
This is a fair question and one the market isn't sure about.
If their product is fully flushed out and developed, it could become valuable as an integrated escrow service.
its a shitcoin that will never deliver anythingbasically a game of hot potato right now
If their product is fully flushed out and developedLets say they deliver.
What would the market cap be
shitcoin until they produce a product and show customer validation.atm they have no serious partnerships, mysterious college grad team where only 1 dude communicates and the rest of the dev team is practically impossible to find online.
it'll pump up and down because of exchange news, screenshots, and beta but not something i'd put money into long-term over something like req
Whatever the total foreseeable dividend payouts per token would be, at least.
Which, really, it's already above.
It'll probably stay propped high by low market cap, even if they get a functioning product going.Binance won't list them without an alpha, which the lead dev said should be available by Christmas.
I wouldn't worry too much about the dev team being hard to find, though: King BTC's creator is literally still unknown to history, after all.
market cap would depend on the size of the customer base - bar fluctuations with speculation.0.7% of the revenue generated by the platform is shared between the 9M holders of the coin.if they are able to do $1.2B in rev a year - each coin can create 77cents a month or around 9.24 per year.
NPV of tokens at that stage would probably be anywhere from $25-$39 just in dividend terms and dependent on how much each token is worth.hard to tell at this stage though - there team still lacks anyone who has proven themselves in marketing a massive end-user product
They're using LINK, so obviously a bunch of geniuses.
i thought binance was happening nexts weeks
Nah, they said another exchange is happening, but didn't give the name.
We know it isn't Binance because Binance demanded an alpha.
MOONCOIN!
its a shitcoin, no one will use it.
other coins can do this and have better reach.