Who else sold their precious coins at this ridiculous cheap ass price to jump in the guaranteed neo moon mission?I feel absolutely disgusted for betraying my lovey coins, but hey, this shit will fucking explode and there is 3 days left.a man gotta do what he gotta do
Nah, pump already over, dump begins.
Its gonna keep pumping till monday, any fool would know this.
And the fomo will only increase
He sold low and bought highJust like all good biztards do

That was a stupid move.NEO had already a big pump.
News goes fast you're late.Buy high -> Sell low
If you think this is a big pump you are deluded.Look at ethereums chart when ico’s began rolling in.
1 bill to 20 bill within days.Let alone the current ico’s on neo’s platform are all government related, something tells me this will be a moon mission that will make BCH’s flippening look like shit
Selling low to buy high.
Very interesting strategy, OP.
Fuck you.Neo has revolutionary news coming in 3 days, while the other coins will just bleed doing shit
Why do you keep justifying your decision?
Feeling not comfy?
You failed the Pump timing.
This shit is risky af, i hope you get burned because you betrayed your loved shitcoins.
Fuck you, I will gladly rebuy the coins I sold at a cheaper price AFTER neo x3 my money.
What is the big news?
days is fucking forever in crypto there will almost 100% be a better entry point than when you bought in between now and then.
It hasn’t even had time to establish a floor or trade sideways a littleYou literally just fomo bought and I hope to fuck you get punished for it.But at the same time the market is tucking retarded right now and this move might just work out

post pink wojak tomorrow
lmfao, I was considering selling my LINK for neo after this pump, then I remembered not to be autistic and sell low and buy high.
If you don't get burned now, you will get burned later anyway.
Emotional trading in it's best.
And your attitude is sick too, fcking karma will get you.Insecure monkey
smart anon
The only reason i sold NEO was because it stayed in a 28$ range for 2 months.
Now a company that never shills themselves suddenly describes this news which they are about to release as something that uses your 3 lifetime’s of luck, this just screams moon mission x9000.Look at the ICO’s done on neo’s platform for next month, every single damn one of them has some kind of deep relationship with the chinese government and state owned companies.You guys will fucking hate yourselves, if NEO is made to be the only government compliant platform for CHINESE ico’s on mondayBurned?
We are talking about fucking NEO, even if I get burned I get 10% a year from collecting gas dumb fucks
Ah shit.
Now i understand.
Really clever move anon.You never had any of these shitcoin bags, this is just a shilling mission to get more dumb money into your neo mission.
Good try.
Keep it up.
Sick nigga move
These are all unconfirmedfucking rumors you idiots
Same except Neo, IOC, BNB, and WTC.
Neo was already 50% of my holdings but now it's more like 80%.
Been in since ANS and in it until I make it, who else?
I did, check the order books, I sold 100 k links and 168 k request, and 12 BCH all at a fucking LOSS
YOU DUMB FUCKS NEO IS GOING TO MOON AND YOU WILL BE POSTING PINK WOJACKS HERE JUST LIKE WHEN ETH MOONED.
THERE ARE GOING TO BE ONE OR TWO MOON MISSIONS IN 2018 AND NEO IS DEFINITELY ONE OF THEM STAY POOR FAGGOTS AHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHAHAHA
idiotit wont beyou sell low buy thisride out the pumpback into linknow you have x2/3 links not like link is about to moon anyway so ride the pumps until link lays low
Fuck yeah already up 12%, suck on that bitches
There are no guaranteed moon missions in crypto you dip.A coin can be endorsed by motherfucking Bill Gates and then dump 50% the next day
Go to coinmarketcap, look at their chart.Look at neo, Thank me later.
you're retarded, please go to a doctor.
at least OP's got some balls unlike 99% of crypto pussiesI hope it's gonna go straight to alpha centauri for you OP, I have just 11 neo lol, but I wanna see those fuders getting BTFO
Who else sold their precious coins at this ridiculous cheap ass priceDude, bitcoin hut like 8K yesterday...the dip was around $5500 just a few days back....wtf
NEO is the greatest.
We're all loving NEO, aren't we?
Look at Ethereum folks, it's a scam, they're losers, SAD.
We're gonna be investing in NEO folks, and we're gonna be winning bigly folks, oh boy are we gonna be winning bigly, you'll get tired of winning, Trust me, I know, ok. Buy Neo, it's the Greatest.
Here’s for x2 as much linkies, reqs and BCH by mondayLet’s go my neo!
That imageI havent lol’d on 4chan in weeks.
Thanks anon
I dumped my coin of choice to fomo at 5100 it dumps so goddam fast AHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
You bought EXCESIVELLY high dude.
You could've entered at a much more favorable price but I assume you can't interpret a chart to save your life.
Expecting NEO to take a dump before the moon mission.
You're the literal definition of FOMO
Neo has revolutionary news coming in 3 daysI Want To Believe!
This is fucking it, people.
NEO IS GOING TO BE THE BLOCKCHAIN OF CHINA
How safe is it to hold this chink garbage overnight?
Binance doesn't have any stop losses.
Me too.
I had over $100k worth of both REQ and LINK.
Dropped both last night for neo
I thought it was going on a bull run to 0.1 BTC from looking at the chart im assuming you meant to reply to me btw
You're gonna regret that when req is at .60c EOY
Are we just random shit that’s never gonna happen now?
You'll wake up to the heaviest bags of your life.
I agree with OP on the fact the NEO will go parabolic, not just yet though.
I'd wait until Monday to buy in or until the dumping ends.
32K looks like a good price to get inyeah I fucked up, it was meant for you
Fuck you it won't go down that low
Feeling comfy as fuck right now actually.Here is a good buy in point for those who want to join the neo train for 3 days and then go back to their beloved coins.
what was the news goys
Let's zoom out to the 1D chart.
It's in afucking downtrend and you're deluded as hell if you don't think it'll retest support at 30K next week
k. hurr durryou mean 300k, genius?
retard tell me what happening on monday.
give me one good reason I will chip in some neo
Yeah, sorry for that
An ethereum like moon mission towards the ten billion dollar club, that’s what will happen.
this.
it's time.
we NEO holders have waited long enough.
nigga, when do you sell low on monday ?
when on monday ?
I'm planning to buy back don't worry
Of course we will buy back, we just double or triple our bags because of neo :))The only reason i sold NEO was because it stayed in a 28$ range for 2 months.
Now a company that never shills themselves suddenly describes this news which they are about to release as something that uses your 3 lifetime’s of luck, this just screams moon mission x9000.Look at the ICO’s done on neo’s platform for next month, every single damn one of them has some kind of deep relationship with the chinese government and state owned companies.You guys will fucking hate yourselves, if NEO is made to be the only government compliant platform for CHINESE ico’s on mondayBurned?
We are talking about fucking NEO, even if I get burned I get 10% a year from collecting gas dumb fucks
i dont belive chinku niggars, there wont be any news on monday.
u end up bag holding.
fuck off this pump and dump