I see all the fucking idiots on this board justify the fact that bitcoin core is literally unusable(175k unconfirmed transactions at this time of posting) because it's a "store of value".
Well what happens when shitcoin core starts dropping in price or has high volatility?
It ceases being a store of value because it cannot maintain its value, and once that happens, shitcoin core literally has no function.
Unlike gold, shitcoin core literally has no use cases if it can't be used as a currency.
At least gold can be used in electrionics, but shitcoin core becomes vaporware.
You see all the brainlets on this board telling people to buy and "just hodl it will reach 100k in a few years" as if that will ever happen lmao.
And there's a reason why people only talk about price when it comes to buying shitcoin core, not fundamentals, because it has no fundamentals at this point in time.
Products with no fundamentals will always die out in the long run, see: pets.com, the tulip mania
How can a pile of shit like DASH be worth $3billionNo revenue, no plan, WTF!!!
!None of these shitcoins generate any revenue - just chinks pump and dump scam.
Look at this idiot saying that that because bitcoin drops 10% its no longer a store of value.
How long have you been in this game?
1 week?I just dont tell you to kill yourself because then your bcrash bags would be lost forever.
Go sell those bags.
bitcoin cash is also a shitcoin but it at least can be used as a currency unlike shitcoin corei sent some bcc over from binance to bittrex and it took me less than 10 min to get my shit while it will take at least a week to get your money if you sent btc rnalso this is the 5th wave, you have to be dumb as shit if you think this isn't going to be the next bear market for shitcoin core.
you are the one who hasn't been in this game, thats why you didn't talk about ANY fundamentals in your post as usual because you fell for the hype and memes instead of doing your own research.
have you even read the whitepaper for bitcoin?
bitcoin cash scales exactly what the whitepaper says bitcoin would, it is the real fucking bitcoin, you are just buying a shitcoin that will cease being a crypto when bitcoin lightning hits because the only nodes that will matter are big nodes, and there will be 0 on-chain transactions because fees are too high, and absolutely 0 privacy and security because everything is done off chain.
just seeing this stupid post proves you haven't been around when the market crashed in 2013 and literally everyone made fun of bitcoin buyers for being stupid as fuck buying digital "gold"
I'm sorry about your bags
bitcoin cash is also a shitcoin but it at least can be used as a currency unlike shitcoin coreThis is the truest sentence in the whole debate
i bought in at 0.05only idiots buy the top of the pump/hold through the top
I basically agree OP but you're mistake is in thinking BCH will be any better in the long run.The best option will be for BTC to die a slow death as people transition to superior technologies not bogged down by the flaws that are fundamental to all iterations BTC.
The attempt by Jihan and Ver to kill BTC overnight will have disastrous effects on the crypto market if it succeeds, any sensible person who is seriously invested in crypto should be against it.