>WTF I HAVE TO PAY TAXES ON EVERY TRANSACTIO-but anon, you can just upload your ledger to here and do it in 10 minuteshttps://bitcoin.tax/
This shit legit?
AAAAAAAAAAAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA"MUH FREE COUNTRY MUH MURICA"You faggots are literally the imbeciles of the planet ahhahahahahahahahahaAAAAAAAAAAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHIt's not enough your faggot country is prime degeneracy exporter, niggered and jewed to the max...Now you have to pay fucking tax on cryptoHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
It's a pump subreddit.
If you disagree with the hivemind (BUY AND HODL LMAO LOL) they downvote you to invisibility.
NO0OO MY LINK IS GONE
The issue isn't calculating it, it's that I have to pay the IRS fiat for gains I never even realized in fiat.
Anyone know if Canadians have to deal with the paying taxes on crypto-to-crypto trades meme?
Just don't cashout nigga.
I've been Ballin out of control with gift cards.
>Paying taxes on cryptoNo way Mr. Government
fail, with crypts, you only gotta pay when you withdraw to fiat when your withdraw is bigger than what you put in.
You stupid fucking nigger,this is only applied to countries where you niggers don't have freedom.Unlike the USA, as we have the best and most precious freedom of any kind, that is the 2nd amendment.
And with that we pay are fair share, because we are The Best, better than Great Britain, and even better than Germany (in some ways) either way, fuck this website, fuck you, and fuck you mother fucker, go suck a monarchy cock, fucking stupid nigger.4294689
How does one turn btc into gift cards?
Ha this thing is gonna tell me how much I've lost.
Idk if my heart can take it.
Egifter.comYou can also buy stuff on purse.io with bitcoin or Shapeshift which, I might use by spending Monero so they can't trace my transactions.
Have you ever heard of IOTA?You don't have to pay fees nor have to way long for it to confirm!It is amazing, isn't it?
It is a shame that it does not work.
NOOOOOOO ALL MY LINK YOU LINK THIEF GIVE IT BACK!!!!!!!!!!!!
ANY CANADIANS WHO KNOW THIS HERE?
fuck this shit I ain't payin taxes on my trades.
literally kys tax FUDers
c u in jail partner c|:^)
Same here.Bet your ass i ain't gonna pay a fucking dime in tax.
+1
is this only in the US?
I don't even know if in my country I pay taxes for crypto.
This.
Fuck the government.
42948964294771
No 'Gay Sex with Hats'Is this fucking amateur hour over here?
or go to saltlending.com and never have to worry about capital gains tax again
>this thread againNo one knows what we have to do when we cash out.End of discussion.
Nothing is clearly defined.Don't cash out until it's regulated.
4294803thanks.
how do i into visa?
when
I'm not even sure if trading alt coins is a taxable event or not.
If you look at that gay bitcoin.tax site, they don't even know.
Is it a like-kind exchange?
What exactly is like-kind?
Is one token like another?
If it IS a taxable event is it worth the penalty to keep my money in crypto for mad gainz, or to cash out and send big gubment a check?
Will they apply penalties retroactively?I don't even know what health insurance to sign up for because I can't estimate my taxable income for the year.Crypto is all I have left.Suicide is the only way out for me now.Save yourselves.Sell all your bitcoins before it's too late.
Crypto trades are asset for asset so they dont count towards taxable purposes.
but each transaction needs to be recorded between assets and the cost of the assets at the time.
Capital gains counts for cashing out into fiat that depends how long you have held a coin for.
no you don't retardyou only pay taxes on it when you cash it out into fiat
cashing outyou're required to properly record and report every trade and will be liable for CGT on any realized gains.
if you don't think you should have to pay tax on a crypto - crypto trade you can fill out form 8824 and request like kind treatmenthttps://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/f8824.pdfyou fill this for each trade you want to request the special treatment forYou can try and false logic the reality away as much as you like, but the truth is what will happen when the tax man comes is he will slap you with the most unfavorable bill possible which any penalties he slugs you with will be based upon.
'bubu i didn't cash out' will be shut down before you can finish the sentence.
If you do not have proper records there will literally be nothing you can do but eat every inch of it, if you at least have records you can fight for some of your money back.If you really want to evade tax either just don't make very much money or start building your laundering operation now.
But it really will be amature criminal vs professional office, a lot of people are going to get fucked in the ass.