My meme line crystal ball predict this rising wedge to end on a triple top, where we can have spikes up to $8k and then the begin of a downtrend.I'm not niggering but feel free to DOGE me:DQQtLhgHpNBr3crd9hgusky4o2aZ7U6Cpn
Shameless bump.Almsot time to drop your alts, I guess.
Ascending wedges are a bearish pattern...
Even the preachy diehard twitter faggots are expecting a reversal.
this desuJUST'ing incoming
Oh I see something and it looks like a nice bear trap.
I hope you aren't holding btc next week
That's what I said>triple top>downtrendByt that doesn't mean that in the meanwhile we can go up UP to $8k before crash and burn.
You do realize TA doesn't work on Bitcoin, right?
Bitcoin price is affected by things that are objective; think China FUD, bitcoin cash pump, etc.
Fucking retard
you stupid fuck a rising wedge is BEARISH!
at the top of the wedge price dribbles out the vertex like diarrhea from your mum's gaping asshole
Not sure if you're all fucking retarded tonight or maybes you misspelled the title.
Of course is a bearish pattern, but with FOMO and shit we can hit even for few second around 8000.Then bye bye BTC for a while but I'm giving you a hint for a at least $600 grow and a nice opportunity to swing trade, wedges are easy to trade, almost like stealing candies from a baby.
short BTC if you want to make money in the next week or so, friendswait for the peak tho
BTC in a rising wedge>BCH in a descending wedge>any significant drop in BTC price or rise in BCH price will trigger chain death for coreIT'S ALMOST TIME
exchange BTC to ETH soon?
To explain why people are expecting a retrace: History might not exactly repeat itself but it usually rhymes, so what we should be seeing is a re-test of the previous peak.
A retrace to the area between 6000 and 4900 is to be expected.The important difference of all the people predicting this based on the previous patterns is that we don't have as much FUD going on and we still have a strong volume going on despite a somewhat sharp pullback.
We have no pullback to the pi line and we're still above the 200 MA, too.
which platform is this?
beats my shity binance indicators
bump, good shit
Any pattern can be anything you want in technical analysis.
You know, i start to believe the dip to 5600 earlier was the correction.Sure, it was due to the flippening FUD, but all others dips also had FUD thrown around at the same time.It's not like it would deviate from the fractal too, after all the 7900- is a 40% dip, as happened each time.
Just a little faster this time.
It seems to be faster each subsequent time anyway.I really think 5600 was the bottom of this cycle's dip.It would butthurt me to be wrong and miss easy gain thank to a 4500 dip, but i think it's done for now.
Stop repeating shit u read on pastebin with no source or anythingGet meme'd
4386572Just give the name of the platform.
Stop making it a secret you faggot.
It would actually make you more money if more people used the same charts as you.
Haha, what are you thinking, that you have to keep it a secret to keep your advantage?
Dumbass.
You don't recognize the most popular financial charting tool on the internet?
it's going down OP, at least for now
yes.
Basically like the part you cut off right?
:)
double dubs.
checked./thread