>He throws away the potato peels after peeling them instead of frying themYou're literally throwing away good food... Who here /frugal/ ?
I make so much money I can eat anything I want.
Poor faggot.
Shut the fuck up you served me my fries at mcdonalds yesterday
You know who says shit like that?
Broke niggers LARPing on anonymous message boards.
Say thanks to your mom who is filling the family fridge for you.
I have been on a diet of beans rice and eggs with supplemented expired foods from the food bank every week for a year.... all thanks to investing in crypto...
Ask me anything famalamsquam, I have sunk to the level of going through the college dorm garbage bi-yearly for electronics, clothes and furniture and am now wearing the most fashionable attire and have loads of Bluetooth headsets and laptops :)
i bought 30lbs of chicken last monthi've eaten nothing but chicken and rice ever sinceplease kill me
Nigga I'm jelly you can afford meat, the last time I had chicken was when Safeway threw out a bunch of chicken strips at the end of the day and I was there at the right time to swipe them from the top of the dumpster
I spend less than €20 a week on food>Buy frozen meat, fries and veg so it doesn't expire.
>Pasta & sauce is good to last too.>Only perishable items I own are milk, bread, butter, and smoked salmon.Breakfast>Smoked salmon on buttered toast, and/or shredded wheat with a cup of tea or coffee.Lunch>Either w/e the daily special is in the work canteen or microwaved chicken breast & pasta from last nights dinner.Dinner>Cooked raw chicken breast with spicy tomato and peppercorn pasta with some garlic and mixed herbs.>Baked Atlantic salmon fillets with fries and mixed veg.>Pizza>I also keep marinated chicken wings, smoked haddock fillets, beef burgers, and some other frozen meats if I feel like mixing it up.Snacks pack or hula hoops, skips, or monster much per 2 weeks bar of Madagascan vanilla white chocolate per dayThis really does cost less than €20 a week, if I don't buy food at work.
god bless u ALDI
Steal some copper and sell it.
Also brass faucet (with chrome coating or not) are worth quite a lot now.Good old yuropoors gipsy trick
You can eat dog food, with what you will save in one year you can easily buy an apple shitphone + some crypto shitcoin like req or link + some clothes with big logo.
I eat mostly rice, beans, and Quorn (mycoprotein meat substitute).
Porridge for breakfast, always make my own food.
I could cut back more, eat veg instead of fruit, soy instead of quorn, but I'm already down to about £20 per week for food and saving more doesn't seem worth it compared to eating well.
You realize that as long as you have some 15+ percent fat, you don't actually need to eat anything, right?Vitamins are enough for you to survive.
There was a guy that went about 300 days without food no problem.
My wife gained 60 lbs in 8 years.
how do i make her starve to lose weight?
Shes probably stuffing her face with brownies right now too.
you can't force anyone to do anything they don't want to do anonThink of a strategy to make her want to lose weight.
Only then give hints how to do it.
And obviously, the way is different food, amounts and frequency.
As you can find out at any decent webpage about nutrition.
Thanks to my 100% Soylent™ diet, I no longer require the wasteful spending of solid food.
I just have healthy predictable diarrhea 4 times a day.
We have cateferia at work.
Lentils every other day.Blanket levitating under the ceiling.
fuk u some of us need to get there
THIS.Lentils and Rice if you want to save money on food.
eating potatoes instead of rice which is both cheaper and more nutritionally completekek
eating rice like a 100lb asian "man" instead of potatoes like big strong slav
pic related
Rice is pretty much just carbs, unless you're talking brown rice.Potato is pretty good, practically complete when paired with milk or milk products.
Tremendous potassium and vitamin C content.
Walk long distances with her and force her to hike/jog with you to maintain figureIf she can't do shit, remind her of how fucking fat she is, take her to the swimming pool and drop her off the deep end
But.. shes>thicc
I refuse to be frugal.
Food needs to be healthy and a nice experience.If being frugal makes you happy then more power to you.
But it would make me sad.
but is rock
€.47 >~300kcalNot a very good deal
Lock her in the closet with some water