>Lots and lots of REALLY small transactions, blockchain unconfirmed queue is enormously huge.>Super small transactions are buying, super big transactions are selling, yet they somehow almost perfectly cancel each other.This doesn't strike me like something that occurs naturally.
What the fuck is going on?
Is blockchain DDOSed?
Is this even possible?
Did something like this ever happen before?
Bitcoin must die in order for crypto to succeed.
Yes this is an extremely coordinated attack by Ver and Wu.
we can only hope.
>core refuses to upgrade capacity >mempool is full>oh noes it must be an attack
>uncofirmedself regulated they saidtrust in math they saidtrust computational power they saidpeople can run themselves they saidlmaorip
any other plausible explanations about why SegWit adoption was rising quickly to 16-18% then suddenly dipped back down?
Did the people who were figuring out how to enable SegWit to have their transactions added into blocks for cheaper fees suddenly forget how to do it?
To be honest it actually looks like a DDOS attack of sorts, some really nasty price manipulation is going on, but why?/biz/, some of you are smart, please make something out of it.
What's going to happen?
What does this indicate?
What might be intentions behind this, what's the end game?
The endgame is probably the death or at least weakening of BTC.
Why?
Powerful actors or trolls (people will destroy things for the sake of destruction).
If anybody powerful has shorted BTC, this is a huge opportunity.
How can you short BTC?
If you don't understand how to short, you need to leave.
Now.
It depends on the flavor of tinfoil you prefer.
It could be simple Jihan fuckery trying to force a flippening into BCC/BCH.
This option doesn't bother me too much, I prefer an on chain solution.
Also I have a few, so cool.It could be (((the powers to be))) sowing disention and messin up the market so another coin, which already has quite a lot of pairs and a lot of less drama, can rise.
Again, I hold a bit of eth, so cool.
The plummeting of the alts seem to contradit this theory tho.Finally, it could be the standard bait and switch tactic and, when BTC reaches a price deemed appropiate to reenter the market, all problems will magically banish and will reach a new ATH even though no scaling solution has been achieved.
I seriously hope this is not the case, but since it would be the most fucked up outcome I can almost guarantee it is exactly what will happen.
couple of explanations1.
Someone realized Segwit weakens the BTC security model.2.
Someone realized Segwit reduces miner profits.
akko, please put the gun down and tell me how to short please, you'll never learn to fly on a broom with that kind of attitude.
I understand what does it mean to short, but I'm not aware of any possiblity to short BTC.
Are there futures?
little payback never hurt anybodyhttps://www.reddit.com/r/btc/comments/7c29kk/blockstream_investor_emails_leaked_shows/
as predicted
There is no such thing as "on-chain" solutionYou either have expensive, slow decentralized gold or centralized paypal with a token.
bitmex.
doesn't allow US customers though
I am mildly concernedEverything is gonna be alright?
right?b-bitcoin $500,000 by 2019... heh ha hAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE-
more like bitshcoin amirite fucking israeli shitcoiner
This.
(((Segwit))) is an attack on crypto
what does this mean
The king is dead, long live the king!
fight for your right...free bitcoin
1.
Someone realized Segwit weakens the BTC security model.This.
I personally stopped using Segwit for that reason.
GB blocks are literally possible on current day PCs.
see scaling bitcoin presentations.
well ...
So, now BCH is also falling.What the fuck?
1GB blocks>A Terabyte each week>Totally possibleYeah, if you strangle out every single node that's not a huge server farm filled with HDs
Nopejust some normies and pajeets freaking out as asians toy with us all..it's really standard procedure actually..BTC can still go to 8.5K before the bear comes
If there is a greater number of non-Segwit transactions, the % of Segwit transactions will go down.