This coordinated FUD on Tether in hilarious to be honest.
Especially when you don't know how Tether works and have no credible sources to back up your statements.
Well done, pajeets.
If you sell now you deserve to be poor.
Tether just got misteriously "hacked".
Coincidence?
I think NOT.
credible source, motherfucker
Sauce???
i just sell my tethers with a profit
there own fucking website retardhttps://tether.to/tether-critical-announcement/
Tell me why did their site go down?Couldn't handle a few hundred clicks from 4channers?Nigger please.
Learn to fucking open your eyes
All these fucks posting new thread after new thread saying exactly the same thing in exactly the same writing styleMost obvious coordinated fudding ever, 0/fucking 10
being so fucking retarded that the official website says they were hacked but its just a fud guys!
Only the stolen Tethers got affected.
They'll just print more.
Big deal.
How many times did ETH and BTC get hacked?Ai Shinozaki
thanks just hacked 30m
I'm not saying they weren't hacked.
I'm saying 30 million is fucking CHUMP CHANGE in crypto.
I'm saying larger hacks than that have happened and you chicken little types screamed the sky was falling then, too.
How many times did ETH and BTC get hacked?Zero.
Only individual wallet types and project's funds got hacked.This here is as if the central bank of a country got hacked.
SELL IT ALL INTO FIAT IF YOU WANT TO LIVE!
4477869so why don't you just buy the dip instead of bitching on 4chins
Because it IS FUD.
More Tethers will just get printed.
And this is the reason why USDT is at 0.99$ since yesterday.
Go ahead and sell your BTC then.
Do it.
And show us, will you?
0 Wrong.
Either you're a newfag or you got short memory.>This here is as if the central bank of a country got hacked.Didn't expect anything different from /biz/
the fudders literally think people are able to sell into fiat.90% of traders dont have the ability to do that because exchanges only have tether.
bitcoin is not going down.
tether people are about to buy up btc out of fear or nothing happens and btc just continues sideways then up naturally.obvious really.
bch flippening cucks btfo.