Is holding both BTC and BCC a good idea?20% BTC 10% BCC 70% Other alts
nobody here has a fucking clue what's going on
don't be greedyhold every fork of BTC
holding anything is a bad idea, all of your capital should be trading
feels like BTC backers are pouring money into BTC in a bid to keep it afloat while core do something about their leaky hash problem
I kind of agree with this.
I don't like the idea of commiting too much to a single coin.I know a few I can go for when I want stability (e.g.
when I won't be paying much attention to the charts), like Litecoin or Monero.
No, you want 100% of the winner.
other alts lmao retard
No.
If you've got any brains you'll sell all of your bch and never touch it again.Listen, if you want crypto to grow, you need people to pour money into it.
And we're at a 200b marketcap, so pajeets buying 200 rupees worth doesn't do it anymore, we need big money.
Now, for big money to look our way, we need stability.
You know what doesn't spell stability?
A flippening.Can you imagine the following scenario?>Be me>Be productive, hardworking, wealthy member of society>Invest 1 million in bitcoin>Forget about it for a couple of months, too busy thrusting humanity forward>Eventually remember and go check my asset value>Find out bitcoin has been replaced by bitcoin cash, which has been replaced by bitcoin gold, which has been replaced by bitcoin bucks.
My bitcoin classic classic, as it is now known, is worth nothing
Fucking this, forks are a mistake
Why the 'retard'?
I make most of my money daytrading.There are stable coins, but BTC is not one of those.
% LINK is the /biz/ way
stay poor?You hate money?This poster is a Pajeet.I think I covered all your (you)s
Fuck off kike
Of course.
Some level of diversification is good.
The "all in" meme on /biz/ is ridiculous and is why you end up seeing so many pink wojaks.
People think they are going to be the 1 in 100 that can see the future and will always pick the best coins at the right time.
Also, I think that BTC and BCC will continue to co-exist and be used for slightly different purposes.
One doesn't need to "win," necessarily.
BCC is a fairly unstable alt that has mooned recently so you should be cautious about your position.
That said, half of your portfolio should be in stable coins (btc, eth) and the rest in altcoins.
massive sell wall at 7275 currently
BTC is unstable at this point too, it's having another huge surge upwards towards 8k but with large investors now jumping on the bitcoin ship who knows what the fuck will happen.
All it will take is some bad news (Like the attack on BTC causing hundreds of thousands of backed up transactions) to send it going downwards again.
Nobody has any idea what's going on.
this guy fucks
ehhh, you make a solid point, but i dont think that means that the proliferation of bitcoin-based altcoins is a bad thing.
its only bad if they overtake btc (which is laughable to me, for exactly the reasons you suggest in your scenario).
thisi had 4 btc, then i got 4 bch, then i got 4 btg and i guess i'll get 4 bchc or something?if i hold my 4 btc then really my bch and btg are just free and unrealized assets with 0% risk and no matter where i decide to cash them out it's infinite upside/profit
this guy gets itit's why i'm all in on BCH right nowit's in a dip
But if you held it properly you would have an equal amount of each forked coin...
Retard
There's about a 95% chance that in one year you'll be better of if you had just hodled.
You may be the exception, but everyone thinks they're special on this board and most people are better off just hodling.
i've tripled my coins in the past weekplz don't tell me how to trade
sure thing, wiz kid.
I conceded that a minority of people can make money daytrading, but that it's not an advisable strategy for most.
Most kids on this board buy the meme and end up fucking it up and losing half their portfolio.
yep btc started shiting the bed a few mins ago and bch started to go up.....coincidence?
If you know the rules and the odds of ''x'' and ''x'' hapenning whilst daytrading you can make some fine pocket change with it.Made 50 free walton the other day by pulling out high, selling the other coin higher and buying Walton back lower.
support at 7140 broken
i'm not a wiz kid i'm an experienced trader, are you like 20?daytrading is high risk, yes, thank you for econ 101