Who here is finally getting the hang of it?>Initial investment of $400 in June just to try it.>Went up a little initially but got JUST'd soon after>Trying to chase pumps, failing>There was a point I was down to $282>Now I'm finally above my initial investment and I'm gonna throw $500 more.What I can say is, don't give up after you do a bad trade, do your own research, don't just buy everything shilled here and see what you think has potential.
How much profit do you make on good trades, like $20?
Put in that other $500 and ideally, another $2k if you really want to make any money.
Same here, put in 400 euros to try this out, first 2 days and I was down to 300ish euro, now back up to 450 after I've learned from mistakes and stopped buying high and selling low.
Started trading for 5-10% profits instead of looking for huge profits.
Right now getting interested in TA, and reading more news.
Also in some discord groups but only to get some more experience from the bigger players
Sometimes I can make around $50 from a good trade.
I didn't invest much at the beginning because I wasn't sure whether I was gonna make any profits or just lose money.
But now I think I got the hang of it, I'm going to put another $500 and see what happens.
I see many people here started from $1000 and now they're much higher
You made $115 dollars in 6 months?
You made 25% in SIX MONTHS in CRYPTO?LOL.
DUDE.
THAT IS PATHETIC.
IF I DON'T MAKE 200 PERCENT IN THREE WEEKS, I CRY MYSELF TO SLEEP AS A FAILURE.
Do you do day trading?
I'm currently looking into crypto trading with the possibility of investing in about 4-5 coins with £100 and just holding for a while.
Do you have any tips or guides to learn quickly?
How exactly do I buy the coins?
Do I use an exchange and then withdraw from that exchange?
Apparently I shouldn't keep anything on an exchange itself.
This story is similar to mine for but I only sell after I'm up 15% instead.
Too all the newbies out there, it's okay if you make bad trades at first, it happens to everyone.
experience is important.
DYOR when it comes to what to by and where to buy it.
As for exchanges, NEVER keep your money there once you're done trading.
Ok.So if you started out with $100 at january 1st 2017.You would have $ 6,710,886,400.00 at january 1st 2018.Give me some money please senpai
Lmao me.
I put in 2400$ and forgot about them, in two months it was 800$.
Started to learn and read crypto, now I'm at 1900$.
No, I'm gonna sell my house and then go all in on Confido and ChainLink.Okay, post your portfolio, no larping.with £100 I wouldn't do for a lot of variety, maybe 2 or 3 coins max.
I don't normally do daytrading, but sometimes I do sell if my coin is up around 15-20% and I am free, but I picked coins with long term potential and mostly hold.Buy on coinbase and then if you want less known coins (we call them alt coins), send your BTC from coinbase to an exchange website such as binance or bittrex or poloniex.
I keep them on the exchange to avoid fees and to trade them faster but you should use a wallet if you want to hold them long term.
I started with 330 cad bucks.now I'm like 430 cad bucks.I realized that it's just gambling at this point.
The pumps to btc are artificial, most alt-coin are artificial.I wouldn't do what you do op, but good luck.
500 isn't much more.
But what do I look out for when I do research?
That's what I fuck up on.
Like why do some new store of value coins shoot up and others don't when they do the same thing?
4% battery life
I now have roughly the same amount invested.
Gradually put around $440 dollars in in the past month.
I'm now at approximately +10%.
Made some bad trades so lost some, learned that holding until 30 to 50% increase and then exchanging to LTC or ETH works best.
I now have 28% LTC, 26.5% VTC, 15.5% WAVES, 15% STRAT, 15% PAY
Hue>I need to post beforee my phone dies!
Sometimes it's just pump and dumps.
Just need to see if you can imagine people actually adopting the project they're working on, what their goal is and the technology behind it.
For example, when I read about Numeraire last month I wasn't surprised it failed because I couldn't see the general public adopting it.
A hedge fund built by a network of data scientists?
come on, lol
Forgot to charge it overnight
Fair point, thanks.
Actual use case and a community are the most important.
Dedicated devs also good.
Get in Monero if you're a fucking newcoiner, Bitcoin wallets and transactions can be easily linked.
Monero is private and once the new money realizes the value of Monero, it's going to go 5x.
Seriously will be 10x or more thus time next year.
The accumulation has started, get in now and thank me later
Not even that new, just a shit trader
Guys where can I margin trade at high leverages?
10x + preferably.