Law student here, is it worth it to become a lawyer?
The more I learn about this profession, and how complicated and arbitrary the rules are, the less I want to practice.
depends on your country and if you are really interested in it.
also being a lawyer and just having a degree in law are totally different things.
I'm in the US.
I like studying the law, but some of my classes are making me realize what a minefield practicing is.
What country are you in?
Lawyer no, barrister yes if you're EU.
austria.
a law degree here is pretty much required if you want government administration jobs.
only a minority of law students will become lawyers and many students only study it because they didnt know what else to do after high school.
its the worst, dont do it.
Law used to be the only profession where people who were bad at math got a decent pay but not anymore, it is top of the education bubble and over 50% of grads dont find jobs that require their degree
It's not like that here.
The government hardly requires any education for its employees, unless they're hiring for lawyer/doctor positions specifically.
I've heard that its becoming more popular to get a "J.D.
Advantage" job (a job that doesn't require a legal degree but the employer prefers it) instead of practicing law.
Why not?
What's your experience been?
Is the Bar as bad as they say?
Pay is one thing.
If you're good at what you do and you're doing something that people need, you will make money.
It's all the ethical rules, the liability that I'm worried about.
It seems like every little thing do or don't do, at work or outside of work, can get you in trouble.
The bar is easy as fuck, it's the shitty job that you have for the following 40 years.
What kind of law do you practice?
Commercial lit
Yea that sounds like it could be boring as hell.
Big firm or small?
Nooooo.
Law schools are closing because the market is saturated.
I thought law degrees were only offered as graduate degrees, the only people I know that have them have an undergrad in engineering, so they never had problems finding a job
Lets see..% will be replaced by automation>every cuck who doesnt know what they want to do but goes to college gets lae degree% of lawyers i know admit they wanna kill themselvesTop 15 school or just become an electrician.
Yea I've heard.
I've also heard the Bar Associations in some states are cracking down on schools puffing up employment numbers, and pressuring schools to stop taking so many unprepared students
It's actually somewhat unusual to have a STEM degree and go to law school.
Law school is mostly full of people who can't do math.
Well I'm definitely not a top 15 school, so...I better figure out something else.
What if I have a STEM degree (Info Systems?I'm thinking of Intellectual Property law, patent law, or privacy law
Just engineering though, STEM is synonymous with autism so most engineers do an MBA or something that proves there not autistic.
The ones that get MS.Eng are usually unemployable and go into research or do a doctorate
I studied law in the Netherlands.
There are many fields of law.
Some are profitable and others are not.
Some are complicated and others are not.
I think it's a pretty solid choice for a comfy desk job with decent pay.If I had to do everything over again I would have picked IT.
There are more jobs there, its easier to find clients for freelancing, but more importantly, you can create products that you can sell without taking up too much of your own time.
Law is great.
I'm a lawyer in the Netherlands.
Nothing beats the adrenaline rush of going to court and negotiating a good deal.Don't fall for the working at a big firm meme.
I started my own practice.
I love my work.
From what I understand, that is what most lawyers with a science/math background end up doing.
I've heard that to practice patent law there is some science/math background requirement.
I've also heard those areas of law can be very, very lucrative since not many lawyers are able to practice them.
Yea, if you're smart enough to do that it sounds like a great idea.
Do Dutch people hate you?
In the US lawyers are one of the most hated, distrusted groups of people.
I'm not him, but here such stereotypes don't exist.
That's a plus.
Here, every non-lawyer rolls their eyes when you tell them you're going to law school.
Does being a grill help my chances of getting a job?
I got a friend that's a lawyer in Michigan, he just cashed a $95k check from one case.
Car accident injury.
Think he normally makes like $5-6k a month working at a practice.
I studied Law undergrad than went on and did a Masters because there were no good jobs.Now I trade crypto and work at a pub.
Real lawyer here.
There aren’t many jobs unless you know someone or can help them with their (((diversity))) quotas, or you get lucky.
If you have game, that is, you can run a business, hustle for clients, and service them so they don’t file grievances, maybe it will be worth it to open your own firm.
Law school is expensive but you can get money if you are a brown person or a Jew, otherwise, $hlomo will have you by the short curlies for a long time.
I'll add that my friend is half Indian and pretty dark.
I dunno how that affects anything though.
You hiring?
I am a business major rn and thinking about going to law school right out of undergrad.
Could an attorney please be kind enough to answer some of my questions?
I also know a guy that graduated from Georgetown Law and was somehow having trouble finding work.
So that tells you a little bit about the state of job availability for lawyers.
That was either in NJ or NY, not sure which.
How you perform in law school is very important for employment.
Did they fuck around the three years expecting a 150k job to land on their lap?
Nyc big firm lawyer here.
Don't fucking do it.
Explain?
I have no idea what his gpa was.
Maybe he fucked around.
You work with the worst assholes.
The partners are generally the ones that survived 10-15 years of shit and have no souls left so are typically the worst of the worst.
The hours are generally awful.
You're on call basically every waking hour of the day.
So it is the environment and coworkers that is so shitty?
Are there any exit ops to smaller firms with better hours?
Also, do you need to attend a T14 to have a realistic chance of a six figure salary post grad.
These days not really.
Maybe too 50.
Top 100 if your graduate at the top of your class.
Oldfag/lawfag here.
Been a practicing criminal lawyer for 25 years.Early years involved lots of stress, hard work and long hours learning my trade for fuck all pay.These days, when I decide to take a trial on, I can bill $10-$15k per week.
The BAR is barristers accredidation registry.
It is the same worldwide admiralty cult, just like the city obelisk/nimrod penis cult between DC, London, and Vatican which holds the world in trust.
Aside from practicing, what can you do with a law degree and license?
I would echo this.
My brother is a lawyer and is unhappy.Most people think they will be able to exact justice on humanity.
But really it's just reading documents, listening to petty idiots, and sending threatening emails.
If you work for a big firm they work you to death.
If you start your own you will have trouble getting going the first few years.
Then it can be okay.
After the first 3 years you forget morality and it becomes purely about the money.
That's when your soul exits.
Dunno - the same as if you had a humanities degree but with the added clout of it being a law degree?You may pick up some quasi-legal work such as a paralegal or doing semi-legal work for a company wanting to get that work done on the cheap.
Does nobody have anything good to say about being an attorney?
Is it easy to make a significant amount in criminal.
Also, what is the pay for an associate
Many people go into it for the prestige, and hate practicing law.
I Same thing with doctors, something like 50% wish they never became one.
Is it easy to make a significant amount in criminal.
Also, what is the pay for an associate^?
^?
In my country, private paying clients are pretty rare (most crims have no money), so I am reliant on government funded legal aid or government funded prosecution briefs.
The pay is roughly the same for either - if I do a 5 day jury trial, I'll bill a minimum of the equvalent of US$ 6,500.
I've got my weekly overheads down to around $500 a week.
As for private clients, I would try and charge around $12-20,000 for the same work.
Getting the work, doing the work and sending the client the bill is pretty easy, getting the fuckers to actually pay your bill can be a real problem if you don't get the money up front.I'm my own boss, can pick and choose my work to a large degree, and have met some great people in the profession that I am lucky to call friends.
What country?>Im my own boss, can pick and choose my work to a large degree, and have met some great people in the profession that I am lucky to call friends.This x100.
Being a business owner is one of the most satisfying professions imo.
Australia