Daily reminder Vitalik is a pedophile and child porn advocate ethereum will never recoverhttp://archive.is/sTUZU>ethereum bag holders will defend this ^
>vitalik is a pedo>market responds by buying ETHlel
he doesn't know ethereum is down 8% since the announcement
It's still up.
y͓̤̦͇̯̱͈͕͊͛͟͟͞ȩ͕̙̟̗̥̻͙̔̐ͫ͂̆p̧̧͈̭̻̓̎̿͂͊ͭ́̕!̻̟̯͖̻̌̎̃͋͌ ̨̨̭̘͍̹͎ͧ<̯͖͗̏̐͗͟͟3͖̹͚̹̳̉͒̎̑̀̕ ̸͍̗͈͕́ͭ̓̏ͣ́̇̒<̡̡̧̤̺͍̥̦̦͎̬̄ͬ͗̃́̓3͉͈̮͖̟͈̀͊͜ ̷̧̝̭̱̼̋ͨ͑̈ͨ̿ͅͅ<̦͚̻̞̰͒ͯ̄͝3͇̼̹͚̔̑͌͌͢
what does this proof?
he is a fucking retard that doesnt even understand the difference between drug production and cp production
Developer confirms that Ethereum is an irredeemable piece of shit:https://medium.com/@clayspace/why-ive-lost-my-faith-in-ethereum-c62ddedfd98cBYE BYE VITALIK YOU SHITCOIN PEDDLING CONCENTRATION CAMP ESCAPEE
It's still up.Slow, but steady gains.
Comfy
i think this is a bigger problem for ethdailystormer hk/69362-2/
daily reminder that cp is a victimless crime, and getting punished for looking at pixels on some screen is absurd
It's not a victimless crime, if it helps indulge a fantasy like that
Thanks anon.
This is a good read!
Are you fucking retarded?If you watch a child get raped on your screen does that mean the child is not a victim?Kill yourself.
But if what you're watching is after the fact, like days months or years, then you should be punished too?
You are a freak and most likely live an awful life because of it.
Shitposting at work I see.
BCH bagholders will try to make this about something other than privacy.
lmaosure the one that rapes the loli should get punishedbut the one that just watches some video on the interwebs should not>b-b-but if u watch it, you create a m-market for it thats like saying you should punish homeowners for having stuff the burglar might want and steal, literally retarded
The difference is that with cp someone lose its virginity, and with drugs a lot of people lose their lives.More than 100.000 people die in south america every year because of drug dealers than kids lose their virginity due to CP production.
Fucking this!The crime is having sex with kids, if you have the proof of it, there is no crime.
thisthere's bigger problems than lolis getting dickedif you cant handle the truth, go back to your reddit echo chamber and complain there
you might be found and murdered by good men with chlldren.
RUN motherfucker RUN or die
The statement was "cp is a victimless crime".Your analogy to home owners is nonsensical for a number of reasons.There are cases where "viewers" pay the abusers and instruct them what to do to the child.
So by watching it you most definitely are "maintaining" abuse.
Hey, OP, /biz/ is full of pedos.
They will start pumping ETH right now.
hurrr if u dont agree with me u gon get killed m9shouldn't you be out punching "nazis" and getting arrested?
it's like claiming gore vids cause murdersociety is full of retards that can't think for themselves
that's like hiring a hitmanobviously should be illegal.
difference between watching and PAYING
Deaths in the drug trade are caused by prohibition.
He's arguing for legalizing both.
The difference between a legal market for drugs and a legal market for child exploitation should be obvious, but I'll spell it out for you anyway: one harms only its consumers (who consent to this), and the other harms both its consumers and the children involved in its production (who cannot legally consent to their own exploitation and abuse).
how can i enjoy these now
I think the wise thing to do as someone in his position would be to stop tweeting 100 times a day.
Its doing more harm than good.
4380980Simply viewing material may lead to more extreme behaviour.
This has been proven a hundred times over.Society absolutely has a lot of people that are sensitive or easily influenced.
Just because you know the difference doesn't mean everyone does.
So it comes down to a question of governmental responsibility.
We need certain laws because some people are dumb, we need to be able to say you can't do that because it's against the law.
b-b-but if u watch it, you create a m-market for it>thats like saying you should punish homeowners for having stuff the burglar might want and steal, literally retardedBetter analogy: Buying the stolen goods.
It supports market conditions that enough more theft, and is therefore illegal.
You can argue that as the buyer you shouldn't be held accountable for the goods' provenance, but if you have reason to believe they were obtained illegally, you're still criminally liable.
again as some anon statedthere's a vast difference between buying and just watchingpunishing the "buyers" is useless, as there's just as much cp production as ever, retarded analogy
ethereum bags think entheogens are more dangerous than child molestation whew if you believe this I have an ICO to sell you