On the verge of accepting that LINK will lead nowhere, what do?
HODL or sell for some other shitcoin and chase pumps?What would you fuckers do?- Sad LINKmarine
buck up kiddo, it gets better

Well it's not happening yet.
Keep holding
LINK will be fine in mid-late 2018.Until then, it's going to keep going down.
I'd rebuy back in Feb.We will probably touch down to 1k sat range soon.
sell, the devs didn't deliver what they said they would.
completely ignoring their investors even though the complain everyday for the past month.If you still wanna hold leave crypto.
this might be 1 dollar when bitcoin is 100k and the crypto market is 1 Trillion in 5 years.
How about you grow up and buy something real.Something that will be useful.
Something you can hold in your hands.Like a Glock 17.
Best thing to do is sell and buy again later.
You will get more LINK if you rebuy in January given that we got two months of guaranteed nothingness ahead.
At this point.
Just hold through 2018 honestly.
Holding doesn't work with alts anymore man.
Btc is going up everyday this is not 2015/2016 anymore.
Can't afford holding alts.
I sold today and lost around 2btc bit I feel relieved and guess what, I am making some money after 2 months of holding on to a dumping coin in hopes of good news or at least ANY news.
Anyway, I know that I will buy back in at a later occasion but first I need to recover from that loss.
Go ahead sell your shit, in fact I'd pay you to fud this shit to 0.05 a piece
i made this for you.
Ur despair is nothing compared to my despair watching btc crash from 1200 to 200.Hold.
jus' hold
Sell that shit nigger what are you doing?
Think about how long you would need to hold that coin for it to get even $1, then think how many cryptos have a 1 billion market capPut 2+2 together, chain link isnt going anywhere, think of how many times your money could have mooned if you put it into any other coin.
Its not at all worth it
i do yuge day trades on td all day every day and make gains but the thing about you adhd /biz/ crypto kids is you dont understand that investing in coins is a long term position.
most of you faggots want gains in a few weeks or months and for that, you are literally manchildren ffs.
if you want gains the same day then by all means day trade the stock market cause thats how you do it.
with crypto, the payout is years down the road.
why even bother to worry about half of this crypto shit anyways when it takes such a small investment to buy up 100k coins?
just check your fucking blockfolio bi-weekly and not every 6hrs you fucking brainlets.
over 90% of you idiots on this board have no business trading anything because you literally dont even understand what you're doing.
i enjoy this board because it tells me for the most part, what NOT to invest in.
oh, and yea, i got about 200k $LINK and i'm holding it til probably 2022.
Sergey is alternating between eating Big Macs and snorting cocaine off of black BBW booty cheeks while Rory is furiously stroking his pencil dick in the corner.
That’s why all his “updates” trying to hide the fact that this project is a complete debacle are riddled with typos.
Steve is the only one trying.
He’s locked away in his moms basement trying to learn GO.
It’s such an obscure and asinine language that he can’t find the documentation he needs.
He’s about to snap.
He keep frantically calling Sergey.
Sergey only texts back, “new phone, who dis” and “32 million solves my oracle problem.” Get out
4506803All it takes is one single update and you're left behind.
Can you really sleep at night when all that has to happen is a published roadmap, or even Rory saying SWIFT confirmed?
This.
What is this "it's not going to do anything until January" based on?It could get listed on Bittrex tomorrow for all we know.
We have no idea when news will drop (this is partly the reason why people here get frustrated, bad communication).
Also, the market depth is so shallow that just the slightest hint of news could take it to $0.30, at which point you've lost half your stake in a genuine moon mission just so you could chase pumps>Sell for BTC because BTC will keep going upNo one knows this.
How can anyone feel confident selling LINK at ATL to buy BTC at ATH?
Be greedy when others are fearful and fearful when others are greedy.
I'm not saying chainlink will go up between now and January (or that BTC will go down).
All I'm saying is we don't know what is going to happen in the short term but in the long term (i.e.
1 year - not a long time at all in stocks, say) we can be confident that LINK will 10x at leastPic related