
>I came to biz after bitcoin hit 4k and dumped my money into the most heavily shilled icos: starter pack
annoying bagholders
Soundgarden
FUCKBANCOR
Shitcoins of Deathmetal
The District of Salty Pajeets
Dead Coinedeys
salt actually does something for people with a lot of crypto though.
the rest just solve some kind of stupid problem that doesnt need solving yet
Why the fuck is ZRX in this?I didn't buy at ATH back in August, sold half my stack for a very nice profit.
Still holding my other half and it's been up ~150%.If you bought at ATH you're just retarded and shouldn't be allowed to bitch.
Bag Raiders
BloodBath
You can already lend and borrow btc I don't see how salt helps
All American Rejects
Buy my bags
The only actual shitcoin on that image Is bancor and maybe odn(never owned it) the rest have made me money
ANAL CUNT
Bump
Adolf Hipster and the Vinyl Solutions
ChainLink and the LITERAL WHOS?
Why is REQ on there?
It's pretty new.
If you didn't buy above 800 like a retard you're fine, comfy hold.
If I could borrow fiat using BTC as collateral I'd have done it already.
Please share if you know a way to do this right now that doesn't involve credit checks and/or legbreakers
Your Way to Riches, minus Chainlink
THE JUSTS
Tales from the crypt
http://dollarstrue.com/?refer=13118 follow this link to start making extra cash monthly
Putting LINK and ARK next to shitcoins in a desperate attempt to drive the price down.Ain't happenin pajeet.
Of these i only own 0x
Joost Monkeys
The Already Moons
Linken Park
The Literally Unstoppables
Why is Ark in a group of shitcoins?It's a legit project with a healthy market cap and good community
>one of these is not like the othersHint: It's red.
healthy market cap
JUSTified
The good, the bad, and the ugly...
Simply Red
This.
Ark doesn't belong here.
all of those coins are in the red
The Anime Chans
Ark hasn't crashed that hard.
A 300% crash isn't nearly the same as confidos 400% crash from 1.20 to 0.03
System of a DumpLink 'n ArkBlink -182%
Hey cmon Soundgarden is actually good
Kek
Nine Inch CandlesPanic!
at the DiscordS0x Pistols
Putting link in the same tier of arkThe difference between deluded linkies and deluded arkies is most arkies have actually made money instead of bleeding it.
kek
Oh linkies.
What would the world of cryptocurrencies be without you?
What do, we owe the honour.
The promise of Link seemed promising at first.
The premise of 'rent free' was surely innovative and ahead of its time.
But, as time showed us, this coin was nothing more than a pump and dump that inadvertently created the most deranged community of bag holders known to man.
A community that incessantly screeches "rent free" whenever they feel threatened, which is very common.
To be a linkie is to be deranged.
Having lost everything, whether it be your house, marriage, wife's sons college money or life-savings surely takes a toll on the mental serenity of a linkie's mind.
Slight threats critiquing the developers of Chainlink sets the common linkie into a state of neurosis that can only be cured by euthanasia or the eventual revaluing of this godforsaken currency.
However, once the price reaches 10 cents, the value will continue falling.
This crash will be catalyzed by the fact that thousands of wallets will be lost as a mass suicide of linkies will cause the price to dip even further.
Don't be deranged, don't be a linkie.
LINKIES
panic at the discordLMAO
Cypress ShillHODLplay
I literally want the Ark shills to die.At fucking least the Link roaches made quality meme's and were hilarious in shit.
Radar relay is a nice decentralized exchange built on 0x, so your list is garbage.https://app.radarrelay.com/Salt is also legit.
The overhyped shitcoins
the followers of financial advice from an anime website
Panic!
at the Discordsublime kek