pls discuss, /biz/, and keep it civil shall we.
this is a family-friendly website.
hurr durr a /pol/ post disguised as a /biz/ postkys
I'm buying a doll.
no, i took this pic from a /fit/ thread:>>>/fit/43606739continue being a betacuck faggotmarriage is 100% related to /biz/ & finance you fuckwitthis goy gets it.
postmodern wimmenz basically dress and wear makeup to look like living fuckdolls anyway:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=df8_tFIj9pI
Yes, obviously.It allies women with the government against you to take half your shit.https://www.today.com/news/jilted-bride-calls-150-000-jury-award-justice-1C9011948Here we have a case where a man finds out a woman has debts and other issues, calls off the engagement, and then gets successfully sued for $150K for calling off the engagement.
They were never married, and have no kids.I'm fairly convinced it's a global agenda by (((them))) to further destroy the family nucleus.
ThisGo back to your containment board
wow, pretty crazy.
yes, the "taking men to court over a jilted/broken engagement claim" is actually not a recent thing, it happened to Lucky Baldwin (look him up if you're interested).
AVOID ALL WESTERN WOMEN AT ALL COSTS
The real question is: what happens to men in their 40s that suddenly makes all these men who "swore off marriage and women" end up getting married anyway?Bill Burr comes to mind.It really frightens me because I currently have a "forever date or die alone" mentality.
Will I also get desperate and lonely, and eventually decide the risk of losing half of everything I've ever worked for, when right now I am working my ass off at school and at work while eating $2 lunches so I can save more money for crypto in the hopes of one day making it...Will I truly risk all of this just because I don't want to die alone?I really hope I don't end up as such a pathetic cuck.
You grow up and start treating people as human beings.
You realize that you can love and be with someone without marrying them right?
what happens to men in their 40s that suddenly makes all these men who "swore off marriage and women" end up getting married anyway?It took them 20 years to find the right woman.
Thats pretty much all there is to it.
With the exception of a tiny tiny tiny tiny few people, everyone wants to reproduce.
If you don't, you are probably defective.
Or you are a super genius like Tesla.Imagine living the made life.
You've got all the shite you wanted to buy and everything is going your way.Now imagine it with your children and wife.
If you don't, you are probably defective.Or intelligent and self-aware enough to surpass their primitive animal instinct and not force any more suffering organic life into the world.
I'm too intelligent and self-aware to have kidslmao
lol, muh dont contribute to sufferingOther stronger dna will take your place, cuck.
Life on earth has always been hell, the strong make it and reproduce while those like you are left to die.
Its just the way of nature
BWHAHAHAHAHA
yeah he's probably in his early 20s
If you actually believed what you just said, you would've killed yourself by now.
doesn't really work.
for one there's many common law states where if you're in a relationship she can take your money anyway.and she's going to pressure you to marry her