
That means all the numbers you see as USDT actually isn't worth anything.
Might as well be zero.Look for exchanges that convert straight to fiat, not tether.
source article?
It means cointelegraph sometime has garbage articles based on little but paranoid conspiracy theories.
Bitfinex/Tether is about to implode, been calling it for weeks now but every time I get called a thin foil hat faggot
http://archive.is/l4wYn
They have been printing money since the existence of tether, why would they implode now?
As a rule every theory is a conspiracy theory until it's proven true and every coin is a shitcoin until it's on Gemini.
Stop posting old article screenshots as if they are from recently.This is old news.
...so when do I buy the dip?
https://medium.com/@bitfinexed/the-bitfinex-dilemma-blow-up-now-or-try-a-hail-mary-to-retain-in-business-10b9d989359fIs this old news?
Bitfinex owes me a fat check for making me cash out of Iota.
Fuck those cunts I hope they get gox'd
article is from todayhttps://cointelegraph.com/news/bitfinex-struggles-with-money-withdrawal-community-observers-predict-mtgox-scenario
this article is from today, but like I said, cointelegraph...
not transferring to binancecome on, bro
yeah "community observers" who are they and why do we care what they believe?
Some cultists, getting their ideas from some organized FUD group in china or shome shit?
See, now I'm spouting conspiracy theories, fuck me.
How do we avoid getting dicked by tether?
ETH/LTC/XMR?
increasing crypto sphere awareness.
(ie its an articles on two biggest crypto news spheres) they are saying 'everything is fine'final call - when big names start assuring us everything is fine (ie remember when Ver testified gox was solvent, he had visited and it was all good?
and gox happened 3 days later)
The term "conspiracy theory" was an organized operation by the CIA to discourage critical thought.
This was during the period they were carrying out things like Mockingbird.
I'm always amazed at how much longterm success it has had.
Bitfinex owes me a fat check too...
I lost over 10 btc's during the hack.
Instead I get paid in tethers.
Fuck mtgox too.
I lost over 20 btc's in 2014 no refunds nothing.Conspiracy theory?
Are you to cryptos?
Everybody knows about the washtrading, unregulated printing of new tethers.
How else did bitfinex pay back their customers.
None of us received real dollars.
Yeah I've read that.
Haven't ever seen any definitive proof of it.
Yeah what I don't necessarily buy is what's being offered em masse around here as the final word on what it really means, for bitfinex, for BTC, for crypto.
So, move my IOTA to Binance?
LOL @ the "transparency" page at tether.to:https://wallet.tether.to/transparency/Someone archived it before it went down, WHOOPS!http://archive.is/4cMe8

Of course dummy.
Now.
ETH LTC on coinbase sure
Uh huh.
Doesn't mention the term conspiracy theory anywhere.
I suppose you did read it, right?
complains about "conspiracy talk">mentions media contacts>Mockinbird is now public information>still doubtsDo you think pump groups shill /biz/?
Congratulations you believe a conspiracty theory.
Do you disbelieve that?
Congratulations you're a fool and will inevitably lose money.
Conspiracies happen every single day, a conspiracy is literally nothing more than at least three people secretly planning to do something together.
Hell, I've taken part in conspiracies before.
There is no proof, if they were was the owners of bitfinex would be a jail now.
That is why it is a theory.
How many of you know the history of bitfinex and how the owner Raphael Nicolle attempted to start a ponzi scheme but got exposed by a few diligent members on bitcoin talk.
This was a year ago.Now we suppose forget about it ???
?Bitfinex doesn't give a fuck, they know cryptos are booming and that this new stream of fomo investors are gullible as fuck.
Money will flow in and we continue like nothing has ever happened.If bitfinex gets hacked again.
I wouldn't be surprised if it was orchestrated from the inside.One hack is enough to crash the entire btc market.
Conspiracies exist of course.
Not sure what your point is any more.
My point was that cointelegraph publishes some dubious shit sometimes, and that I remain skeptical of the massive FUD that is ongoing right now on /biz/ about the immanent collapse of tether, bitfinex, and somehow by extension, bitcoin.
also I've still not seen any definitive proof that the CIA invented the term conspiracy theory.
My point is that calling something a conspiracy theory does absolutely nothing to dismiss it, if you think its false list reasons.>But the burden of proof is on those making a claimThis is a foolish and lazy way of thinking when you have large sums of money riding on whether the thing in question is true or not.
Being able to say that you didn't know that it was true and those saying it were did not have definitive proof will do nothing to save you from the ramifications if it is in fact true.
Page was down for MONTHS.Was back yesterday, now it's gone again.
Is binance safe if shit hits the roof?
I have a couple of coins on binance should I move those to MEW?
Doesn't matter where you store your coins anno.If this shit breaks, the whole market is going down.Also don't store your coins on an exchange like an idiot.
Keep them in a local wallet that you actually control the keys too.
you are a thin foil hat faggot
ITS ALL A SCAM PROVE ME WRONG AND NO IM NOT A CRAZY TINFOIL HAT RETARDED FUCK FALLING FOR ORGANIZED FUD, PROVE ME WRONG
How the fuck are tether printing all these tethers then?
From their own site https://archive.is/G5EU7>Since April 18, 2017, all incoming international wires to Tether have been blocked and refused by our Taiwanese banks.
As such, we do not expect the supply of tethers to increase substantially until these constraints have been lifted.>we do not expect the supply of tethers to increase substantially until these constraints have been lifted.>we do not expect the supply of tethers to increase substantially>prints 400M tethers
Wait?
Bitfinex made me get out at first of the month because I had a USA IP.You guys still in for some odd reason?
Conspiracies and theories about them have been around longer than the CIA retard
I've been predicting their implosion for weeks but realistically speaking, it's unlikely that anyone will ever call their bluff, because doing so would cost a lot and likely achieve no profit.
cash out of all crypto>call their bluff>buy back in at rock bottom prices>profit
Is this good for Bitcoin Cash, or is this bad for everyone?
it would be bad for everyone anon
ya right once futures trading arrives why wouldn’t institution money short bitcoin and then go after these guys.
Seems obvious to me.
This is what I think is likely, if I'm right we still probably have months left of growth.
Look how symmetrical it is.
It rarely looks like that.
It's kind of beautiful.
we get it man you sold at 1000$ and have been pushing your bitfinexed shit ever since, get over it
4456336You'd need to own USDT to actually call the bluff though, specifically you'd need more USDT than USD Tether is holding in reserve
I haven't sold, I'm still holding 7.1BTC and another 2.7BTC in alts.
Time to pull out into fiat and buy BTC the following week for $1000
Bitfinex was in yhe process of withdrawing from the US market.
What did you expect to happen next?
MtGox ScenarioI'm predicting something more like an Evolution scenario, except it's not black market.
Anyone else?
FUCK IS THIS REAL.
I HAVE MY 1,000 IN LIFE SAVINGS HERE
You store your life savings on Bitfinex/in tethers?you deserve it.Keep your shit in an offline wallet, not on an exchange.
Holy fuck /biz/ is retarded.