NULSEnglish white paper release 8pm Beijing Up 200% on the BNB market via Binance already
Kek, you fags are actually hyped about a whitepaper release now?
the absolute state of /biz/.
Shoot first, ask questions later.
Hmm yeah fuck you.
get in or stay poor
before shitcoins ico raising millions with a website, white paper, powered on ethereum was enough for even biz to raise eyebrows.
now they are investing in coins that have nothing LOL and hyped for a white paperbhahahahahahaha
I read Chinese, part of one belt one road
^ It's called beating faggots like you to the punch
The Chinese white paper has already been released and we heard the general gist but now we can see clear specifics.
NULS is a game changer and IF the rumor that there's a contract with a large Chinese payroll firm then that means NULS will likely be endorsed by the Chinese government top financial guys.
NULS will provide customizable backends in the form of side chains to chinese enterprise.
There are aspects of neo in that it can be a platform, aspects of walton, as they provide supply chain logistics, and aspects of ven as they provide an anticounterfeiting protocol.
i heard the same thing with chainlink LOL, guess what i and others dumped on you after you retards pumped it hahahahahhahaha
I mean, I made 300% so far.
You're saying I should sell?
Guys seriously.
Is it too late to jump in now?
No.
This is going to be a history making mega pumpWhen this hits the west it will be as news of the china fud being over.This is the true beginning of #ALTSAREBACK
are you taking this fudding seriously ?
do your own research.
This has all the ingredients NEO and WTC had before they mooned, including the fudding.
get in now
No it's not too late.
You should be adding all that you possibly can now.
Don't be the one that assumed it was too late to buy BTC at $1000.Add NULS.
All you can.
Where are you guys buying your alts?
lol...pumping because of a whitepaper...how desperate.
better leave before you get dumped on
been hovering from .95 - $1.00 for hours.
i'd say it's pretty safe.
if it was gonna dump, it would've...and with an english whitepaper supposedly coming soon, i don't see much risk.
"all the ingredients of NEO and WTC before they mooned, including the FUD."...haha.
this.
Binance
Ever consider that things pump because people know something you don't or are you so tapped into the core of cpyto that nothing gets by you.If so, lets be friends.
That would be absolutely nuts
If they were a part of One Belt One Road it would back up what last night's op said about this coin marking an end to the china fud.
That would explain everything he said, and account for the boom in price.
42618264261851Just bought 2121 NULS.
Let's hope for the best
I'm looking to add, myself
Wish my btc was free
Is this coin visible in blockfolio?
We're back at $1 lads!Get in now!
Am Chang, can confirm 2€
I'll shill my referral code for Binance,cheersI'll shill my referral code for Binance,11078136
I'm the OP from last night that talked about NULS.
It was severely undervalued (was 9m cap when I bought), so I gave the shill a shot and went ham.
I knew it'd at least double but didn't expect it to rise so quick.
Cashed out and now am /comfy/.
A $40m valuation on a coin with no wp, no team, and no roadmap is insane.Team is supposedly delivering the WP tomorrow, so that should be good for those who bought at the high today.For it to go to $2, though, it needs to have an $80m market cap.
Not even VeChain (established partnerships) has that MC yet.
Stale gross fud pasta none of us are buying anymore we're at $1.06 and climbing rn
It's blowing up, GET IN NOW
> The next NEO
im sry i had to ruin it for you but i do feel slightly bad for the retards who get dumped on soon>pic relatedunsustainable
>SELL>SELL>SELL
price rise because english whitepaper released?that's some fucked up shit right thereshould be named lul and not nul
from which platform do I buy this
Binance
thanks i need to sign up ASAP
Buy with Binance, I just got mine before the spikes.
It's holding now so you might want to buy fastYou have to buy BNB with BTC and then NULS with BNBOh and use my referral ID pls 11080619
Are you retarded?
You need to be accumulating.
Just average down on any small dips.
This shit is rising fast
Anyone selling before the white paper release?
The idea is not to sell until $5 at least, dude.
Stomach the bumps and get ON
No.
It will take some time for normies to even realize that the whitepaper is out.
It might actually boom right after.
The current fud is "meh, no whitepaper..."
Absolutely not.
Some might risk it, but I'm not getting left behind to buy back in higher.
$5 imminent
Even the most legit coins have to retrace e.g.
OMG
Look at when eth blew up.
#NOTALLALTS
Obviously, it will correct.
Also, it might go way higher because most people never heard of this.
It's like Walton in the beginning.
Wait for reddit to wake up
Strapped the fuck in
The fuck is this shitcoin?
Remember to buy high, sell low.
The /biz/ way!
Why buy with BNB and not right away iwth BTC or ETH?
?