Bluepaper coming in 26 hours, one of the most ambitious crypto project (bitcoin decentralized monetary system, they are trying to decentralize entire economy and communication)> I was right about NEO (ANS from 1$).
> I was right about WTC.
> I was right about VTC.
> I was right about BCH > I am not wrong now.
Why IoP?
Coming soon:> Bluepaper in 2 days> Roadmap to follow soon> Official marketing campaing> New big exchanges> They already have beta messenger released (it provides better privacy then any out there, basically real what's up 2.0)> Partnership with Libertania> Amazing devs (they will do livestream where they will make what IOTA wants to make in just a couple of days)> Making separate exchange where coins (same as ICO) could be purchased with IOP> Hydra airdrop (for any IOP on the wallet you have a chance to get airdrop of hydra) and that is just the start> Low circulation (around 2m coins)> Just got out of stealth > low market cap of less then 5m$> Active community, there is always someone on telegram or discord and you can even have conversation with project developers and even project leader> FFS buy it or cry laterDon't trust me?
> DYOR> Check their price few months ago and the current price, it all happened because of a scammer who stole coins and dumped them all and hijacked the network.
They took all back and have worked on project non stop.
I expect the previous price to be met soon.> Buckle up
I'll be monitoring this shit even if I don't buy in.
I remember this had a massive moon a couple of months ago.
Post concrete proof backing up these claims:> I was right about NEO (ANS from 1$).
> I was right about WTC.
> I was right about VTC.
> I was right about BCH If you cannot do that, then I will have to assume your post is a lie.
Sage
You can have WTC purchase screen shot> DYOR on IOP if you don't like it, skip it at least you made your own mind and if you buy feel good about yourself because you valued the coin right
It is about to pump.
Solid project.
Definitely should be in your portfolio.
Easy 10x in medium long term .
Maybe 2-3x short term
Eyeballing this, bought some
That's 25% proof, and why didn't you post the amounts you bought?
scared of us laughing at your $600 stack?
It is not important how many coins he bought , it is important he made nearly x10 his initial investment in 1 month if he could sell it on ATH.
4488152Laughing?
You shouldn't be so petty towards others, that is what losers do... Oh wait...
I don't know if you ...Only way a guy like you can have over 600$ is if you started with 10000$ a month ago or sooner...Why don't you show us your overwhelming stack?
Titanium is coming soon.
If you wanna x10 or even 20-30x your investment it is great time to invest into IOP
80btc volume on bittrex... errrmight give it a shot, I too remember some sudden full moon a couple of weeks back
Wtf are you saying idiot.
Thats why taht kind of fucking idiots like you stay poor forever.
Don't count other's money.
I made x6 on wtc, I made x4 on ETP, I made x12 on NEO.
And not counting other people's money, just making my own.
I was right about...You're on an anonymous image board.
Pretty easy to claim you "called" pumps before when there's literally no way to verify that.>bluepaperLMAO>bunch of buzzword vaporware horseshitLMAO>Don't trust me?
DYORUmm sweetie, EDUCATE YOURSELF.Absolutely abhorrent shilling.
The sad part is retards on this board will still buy because they're brain-dead poorfags looking for a quick buck.
Here is the Game changer guys!!
!Tiny Titania BoxIt is coming with IOP blockchain soon.IOP will be huge
I've been holding a fart in all day.
You started the numbers game... Why back down now?
I made over 40 times on WTC alone by daytrading, As you started numbers game yet again and you come of lacking once more, it is good that you made some pennies, but don't be petty about it.
Just go back to your room, enjoy yourself and miss another rocket while you do so.Yeah, Titania will be awesome> Airdrop for IoP holders> Can be purchased with IoP and exchange is being made where like coins can be bought with IoP directly> Titania will provide hardware for IoP and p2p networkingI hope they cover that too in bluepaper tomorrow, a little over day now and community seemed to be very proud of it, can't wait to give it a read.
Nice just bought $100K
bunch of buzzword vaporware horseshitIsn't that what you just did here, a bunch of horseshit without any backing nor constructive argument, nothing, is that the best you can do anon?
The coin is bad as people want to make money off it?
Not gonna waste my time argueing with some kid.
Just fuck off.
LMAOMade x40 by day trading.
:):):)
Just saw this event on a crypto calendar.
IoP concept is pretty cool, although it's also pretty abstract so it's hard to tell the short term potential.
Not too many people seem to know about it and price is at a dip (not even close to ATH), so thinking about trading my NEO for it.
And probably going to sell my GRS to invest in IOP in a few hours after the road map drops.
You clearly never daytraded nor invested in WTC ealry... Swings up and down were massive, 100% up and 50% down in a day.
Point is to sell high and buy low not the other way around and I said by daytrading not in a day of trading so you not believing it is possible proves to me that you are crypto rookie!You came to my thread and got REKT, GTFO nowRead the bluepaper tomorrow, it will explain all the points and generally explain what IOP is about etc.
Roadmap will come after, I am afraid we will never see this price after the bluepaper, community seemed were satisfied with it and they have a lot of people working on the project.
There is always someone online on telelegram ask them if you are worried about something> Don't be shilled by me, be shilled by your own findings and DYOR, I am telling you that this is really good project that promises massive returns but there is 0 reason to be swinged to buy it on my words alone!
the bluepaper is already on their discord right?
....
If they released it there what is the point of sharing it tomorrow on the website?
The bluepaper of Libertania is, they are partners but that is not IOP bluepaper
what crypto calander do you use?
thanks much anon.
coinmarketcal is great, but be wary there are sometimes fake dates