>"hurrdurr why don't they communicate????
">Steve Ellis is discussing the technicals of the project pretty much 24/7 in chatJust letting you know 99% of you are retarded.
I'm almost all-in on LINK, I have huge faith in the project, I am always here defending it...Even I would like, you know, slightly better community engagement of a general nature.
News today was very disappointing, if they don't have a working mainnet in less than a year I'm going to be one pissed off bagholder
You mean like fucking livestreams or what?
1.
Rule, only invest money you can afford to lose2.
Rule, don't defend a product that didn't get you money (yet)3.
Rule, just join the baiting
i droped my bag more than a week ago, i bet stil nothing happened
News today was very disappointingWhat news?We know everything in general they're doing.What they're doing right now is purely technical development.A whole week ago?
Wow.
No really, what news today?
so many weak hands here, it's like burning multiple oneway lamboland tickets if you're worried, just swing you're down so you cost average
just sold all my link for lgd
I want at least monthly blog updates about development and progress,
Disappointing for you maybe.
If I were a Swift executive I'd be delighted to hear that the dev was going the extra mile to ensure the project was absolutely perfect for the "TRILLIONS OF DOLLARS" at stake.
I want you to sell any link you currently have, cunt
What news are you talking about though?
The code being switched from Ruby to Go.
Root of all the drama today.
They same news that the team is still hiring devs kek.
They basically used it as FUD that the hiring process is still ongoing.
((-5%))t. L
But this move to Go was announced by Sergey pretty much right after Sibos.See pic.What the fuck is going on??Christ.
I suppose it's FUD that finally hit a nerve.
Rory brought up this fact with Go in the Slack & apparently nobody remembers the statement in the aforementioned.
This is fucking insane.I guess it makes sense; all the whales are hodling because they know shit is going to go down in a few weeks or months, so the only people actively trading are the ignorant brainlets you find in places like here; so they actually have an effect on the price.
3.
Rule, just join the baitingFuck off.
Go ahead and fuck your own investments if you're playing with pennies.
I see idiots fall for fud no matter how bad and it affects sentiment
Wait for the dump
WTF is wrong with Go?
It's a very good option for what they are trying to achieve.
Idiots who never wrote a line of code in their life be like "meh, meme language, meh...".
Go is not the problem.
The fact that they have millions of $$$ and they failed to find devs in SF is the real fucking problem.
Maybe they already have a bunch of Go coders, and just want some more?
4499238They are porting the project from Ruby to Go, which effectively means rewriting all of the code
How is this different from ae?
only people actively trading are the ignorant brainlets you find in places like here; so they actually have an effect on the price.Many of those people posting that they've dumped and it's only down by 100 sats.
Fucking shrimps should just shut up.
This was announced weeks ago, why are people acting like this is news somehow?And porting code is done all the fucking time.
This market is fucking retarded seriously.
MFW they don't even have a working network.
Read the code brainlet, this shit is a half baked braindead ruby on rails app.
You got fleeced
It's very different.
t. somebody who sold AE bags and bought LINK at a the worst time
their product isn't even 100% finished yet!!
!You are a literal brainlet.If they had a finished product, they wouldn't have needed to do the ICO.Christ you are dumb.
See you in 5 years when they get their network online and no one cares anymore cause there are plenty of other providers of smart oracles.
Just hodl, right
Improve rang
Its interesting, you see clear FUD campaigns, orchestrated and coordinated.
Seems we are in a fud-campaign time now.
you can recover your link losses with GVT you fucking tards.It really is that easy.
Do some research.
name one.
Its interesting, you see clear FUD campaigns, orchestrated and coordinated.Believe me or not, I really don't care - but I lost faith in LINK with the most recent update, and I am not part of any orchestrated or coordinated FUD campaign.
Just an investor with development experience who recognises how poorly the most recent update bodes for the next few months.
Think about it logically.
Rory said they can not announce any partnerships until the mainnet is up.
They can't bring the mainnet up without hiring devs, and they are currently in the "reviewing resumes" stage.
This means there will be no announcements until at least part way through Q1.
With no news, and the team's abysmal communication record, the price will continue to bleed.
This
Not that it isn't finished, it's that we just found out that they're thinking about looking into considering maybe hiring devs
I'm buying more link this pay check.
Long term holder, im a poor fag but trying my best to accumulate atleast 20k of link.
I might now get their best the bloom to $1 but I'm trying my best and I truly believe that every link i obtain I'm securing my future.
I might not get their before the boom to $1

Pleanty of big coins said nothing for months and then blew up suddenly.
Link will be like that.
They've been busy transferring to golang for weeks now, see pic.You're being retarded.
Oh I have a feeling you will
Im in your thoughts anon how nice.
moving the goalposts for someone elseStay classy.
Anyone know where i can find the chat where Sergey and Steve post coin updates?
I own 20k link and would like to be involved
they are currently in the "reviewing resumes" stageSource pls.
Genuinely curiuous.Pic related is the infamous "update" you fudsters have been warping beyond recognition, and nowhere does it say anything about them only being "in the reviewing resumes" stage.So what is your source.inb4 no reply
https://gitter.im/smartcontractkit-chainlink/Lobby
Source pls.
Genuinely curiuous.Go search in Slack for "from:rory resumes" and you'll see.
Don't have access to slack right now and finding the screenshots will take ages.
Just brought more link, need to get more before the price goes up.
For real i can't seeing it going below what it is guys
It may take long yes.
But why lose faith in the entire project?
You call yourself an investor, not a daytrader.
R r right?
time to buy more links :^)
They're still hiring, so even now they'll still be checking resumes.Doesn't mean they don't have anyone hired yet.Coca-Cola is hiring people every day, doesn't mean they didn't have anyone yet.Being a brainlet must be tough.
4501158
See 
Fake
what's the chainlink discord?