>tfw you realize you wasted thousands of hours on 4chan and videogames Instead of doing something productive
No, you didn't waste shit.what you're wasting is your stupid fucking thought thinking about the time you're spending wasting.
GET THE FUCK OFF HERE AND DO SOMETHING OR ACCEPT YOUR MEDIOCRITY
Easy for you to say normie
lmao, normie.normie to who?
you?
because you can argue your life is worse?unless you're mentally retarded or crippled.
the rest of your life is a conglomeration of your choices.Even ugly dudes can work out and get hot chicks, and get rich and do all that shit.
Implying there’s anything productive you could do
This is one of the few boards you might actually find something productive to do.
>not coming here to shitpost and get out your emotions after a long productive day of accomplishmentsIf you're not doing this, you're retarded.
Fuck man youre right.
Im going to uninstall 4chan.
I dont want to waste my time here anymore, can you give me more advice before I go please
Bump
instead of feeling down for wasting so much time, either waste time doing something you love or do something productive AS FAST AS YOU CAN before getting back to doing what you love.
Yes but how can I stay focused?
How can I develop willpower
If it bothers you, then stop it and become productive.If it doesn't, then continue being a slob.Or maybe you feel like it should bother you and the fact it doesn't bothers you bothers you, then kill yourself you retarded social-whore normie.
Stop fapping.
you don't, you never will.... guilt and stress are your willpower.Obligations and deadlines your necessity.
I wish i had discovered biz earlier.
I wasted hundreds of hours on r9k and sp for years.
Had i discovered crypto earlier, my life could have been much different.
Creating external pressures to do things is a good way if you are naturally lazy but don't like letting people down/having a tangible trace of your laziness be around.-One of the simplest way is simply listing thing you want to do tomorrow on your agenda.Start small, and add more and more tasks as you accustom yourself to being productive.-You could tie the work you want to do in a public way, like for example upload a video on youtube of you doing/talking about the productive activity you want to do, so at least for the duration of the video you'll do it.-Start a business with real money.
Letting your investment rot and wither is a great motivator to work.-If you have some wealth already, consider hiring an assistant, whose job is basically berating you each time you procrastinate.
Basically hiring a nagging wife.-Speaking of a wife, the stereotype of the nagging wife is actually hard to find since they started working and are basically all riding the cock carousel.
Most women actually are avoiding confrontations and just fleeing at the first sign of trouble, but if you can find a nagging wife, it would be a great motivator.-just b urself
4440508The problem is I have a stressful fulltime job and really struggle to have the motivation to improve myself after work or on weekends
Improve how?
what is your goal?
I want to get rich, very fit and well-read/knowledgeable on a few topics that interest me
improve myselfWhy do i have the impression that you are a worthless normie wageslave ?Are you even a woman actually ?What kind of vague retarded thing do you mean by "improve myself" ?If you want to learn a language says so, if you want to learn a craft says so.What next, you'll spout "i want to find myself" ?NIGGER IDENTIFY THE ACTUAL PROBLEM AND FIND ACTUAL SOLUTIONS TO FIX ITStop with the wishy-washy crap, you're a man not a cunt, why the fuck are you listening to your fucking limbic system you queer.
Yes im a wageslave.
I want to get strong 225lb+ bench press, 450+ deadlift and 325squat.
Then I want to make $2 million USD by 30, and I want to learn about software development and economics on my freetime.I additionally want to develop good speaking skills and be an excellent orator.
richBusiness, trading, preferably both since trading takes thirty seconds/day.>fitLift body weight fifty times two times per day, once with your legs, then with your arms.Once you can do that by being barely tired, you'll find better reps on your own because you'll be less of a bitch by then.>well-read about topic that interest meNIGGER IF IT ACTUALLY INTERESTED YOU YOU'D ALREADY BE A FUCKING EXPERT ABOUT ITYou just think it would be cool to be knowledgeable about "shit you don't give a fuck about but sounds cool" you faggot.