Is something wrong with me?
I'm 29 years old and I made 1.8MM in crypto in the past 10 months off a 55k investment.Super lucky right?
I should be happy?
I gracefully quit my job (said I was going back to school) and have been living it up for about 2 months, making trades every now and then.
Why am I unhappy still?
I'm really not larping, but I went on a CRAZY two month spending spree.
Bought a bunch of designer clothes, ate at the best restaurants, fucked a bunch of girls off tinder by flexing my new wealth in front of them (all girls are whores, I'm convinced), fucked a bunch of escorts and even a famous porn star.Now I'm fucking bored.
I'm still making a lot in crypto (at least recuperating whatever I spend).
Everyone's like "hurr durr find your passion".
I have no passions, I don't give a fuck about anything.
My passion is going into space exploration but that's not fucking possible in my life time or at least while I'm young and strong enough to do it.What do I do?
Nutting in a girls mouth is always a good time, but even that becomes uneventful after enough repetition...
Looks like it's time to end it all OP

tinderwowzer.
Can you give me suggestions for generic profile pics i can have to get said girls?also, do you think there would be a chance some girls would like you if you didnt flex wealth?
OP, you have learned that we as humans need a purpose in life and money is simply a means.
Congrats on this.
Seriously.
get an investor visa in some shithole, buy a nice condo and play video games all day
You should find a hobby and dump a shitload of money into it, how about sports cars?
Is BCH gonna moon?
Give it to me straight up, OP.
you know what makes me happy?
giving to the less fortunate1GUmBkgdNEebUL3RCuXCRkGxvFKevYLkaWthx bb
Just do like politicians and celebrities and start raping children.
mostly in btc
You must be fucking hideous to look at, OP
nice larp fag
OP now that you have learned that you need meaning in your life there are teo ways to proceed: either find something you like and do it, or find something you dislike and change it.
You need to find "the one"The one who will take the place that your mother once filled
Welcome to the reality OP, hedonistic lifestyle isn't satisfying.Either find Jesus or get a dog or something
begfags need to die
Find something meaningful to invest your time into.
if i had the same luck as you i'd probably quit my job, buy a big rural estate where no one can bother me, build a big fuckoff house and lift weights till the end of time
Life is a game.
Fun games are composed of goal + obstacle.
Set some new goals that are achievable, but have a reasonable amount of difficulty to accomplish.
Too easy and it's boring, too hard and it's frustrating.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flow_(psychology)
Also use some of that money to promote veganismWhat we do to animals in the meat, egg, and diary industry is sickening
Fitness and body sculpting is the ultimate goal you can never achieve.
It gives you something to always strive towards.
Literally same position, pull in nearly $10,000 a week from crypto now and find no meaning to anything anymore it just seems meaningless honestly.
I've started to go into property development have a duplex starting soon but just tedious paperwork at the moment.Have traveled to asia regularly and even that gets stale, no idea how anyone could live there and wake up with that headache every morning.
amazing bait
Try DMT.
I can't imagine ever getting bored of hyperspace.
OP, money is good but it's bit everything in life.
Tons of celebrities are depressed and unfulfilled.
I only have a few thousand in crypto, but I have a wife and baby that I love more than anything and a well balance life.
I know this stuff can be hard to chase, but it's more fulfilling than money ever could be.
maybe you should become the dick sucking faggot you know you are
I live like you but I also cure cancer as a profession.
its the curing cancer that allows me to survive.
id like the massive $$ too but all that other stuff of blowing the load in a girls mouth ya once you do it a lot its like whatever, they're all ho's
 My passion is going into space exploration but
venture capital?learn an instrument, learn jujitsu, travel, promote the political aspects of crypto
Just jump on POWR make ur times whatever amount then pay elon musk to send u to mars
i blew a load into a cancer victims mouth.
how do you feel about that, nigger?
Soy boy detected.
careful dont cut urself on that edge, faggot
Learn how to play piano.
I'm serious meatcuck
This is actually a good one, use your money towards a cause.
Or start a mercenary war in Angola.
Pay SpaceX to get you a space holiday, OP.
save your father from the belly of the whale
How do you cash out and deal with taxes?
Dude if you want to be an astronaut the closest you will get is becoming a dive instructor.
You get to be weightless under the sea exploring alien landscapes and you will get to bone multiple hot chicks every week.Trust me, I have been there.
Only reason I am not a dive instructor anymore is because I got one of the multiple hot chicks pregnant..
alot of rich people who have 'made it' tend to have a similar problem to you, almost like, "you have money ok great now what do i do with it" i knew a guy in our town who cut everybodys front law like once a week, his family were high class super wealthy from selling rifles in WW2 so he never had to do cutting of grass but he said he liked doing it and it was the only thing that kept him sane for so long.
i think it would be a good idea to go back to work or try find a different job.
do SOMETHING that keeps your mind ticking over, you never have to worry about money again but thats just one aspect of life, so putting that aside, try achieving things that dont require using money (ie, writing a book or inventing something or building something) there are plenty of people who arnt rich and are happy and certainly arnt bored with their life so if they can stay occupied you can surely do it too.
and if you took in some of what i said, i wont say no to a few sats.
1NPqTDVjUHkztn43vLd6z7A7dW4Wza4DD2
Space doesn't exist.
At least not as you know it.
If you eventually become rich/connected enough to heads of state you will find that out.
Life is seemingly littered with "Santa isn't real" moments.
Turns out most adults are far less mature and able to accept them.
you literally eat a diet that makes you weak and girly, and have less testosterone.....
Probably didn't buy a lambo yet.
That thing is happiness on 4 wheels.
Don't listen to these losers.
Either start a business or run for office.
I would recommend starting a business first.
You will find fulfillment in making an impact on the world.
Promotion won't help much.
People don't want to hear it.
Artificial meat that is cheaper/tastier/healthier is your best bet.
Engineers are working on it.
challenge level high: skill level medium>arousali see why rape is a thing
Please go on
I dont trust you, but do exercise, keeps you away from killing yourself.. how did you get so much?
can you teach?
Oh really?
I'm a vegan but I also don't eat soySoy is shit I agree but I get 90g of protein a day from non-soy planted based protein and could get more if I want to
Prove it by showing btc address and sending a specific amount to another wallet or larp
just travel and find yourself anon, also lsd and shrooms help greatly, also dmt.also i could use some funds, poor as shit because of hospital bills and mortgage, tis the season, am i right?14yM11cLp9kV17GbbKp38vD53A8h2qBCGC
my job is curing cancerhow does it feel to be a massive failure at your job?
I am in a similar situation, I am going to go traveling next year.
There's a reason every single on of your ancestors had children
The impossible burger is actually not terrible.
I think we'll have almost perfect meat replication for vegans in 3-4 years.
It's quit simple, Anon!
Just travel!
Especially to poor countries like Dominican Republic.
But not stay in the expensive Hotels,Bars, Beaches.
Leave the safe areas.
Be normal and talk to normal people.
Never talk about or show your money.
Just be a normal guy who makes holiday.
For sure this will make you see and make you feel in completely other direction!
Thank me later and teach me how to trade.
I almost loose there finally in some way (robbed at Gox for example.).
wingsuit basejumping is always an option...
4480288How often do you want to post this shit?I have seen it here at least 2 times in the last weeks.I myself actually own a similar amount of crypto wealth and ironically feel similar, except I didn't spend more than 4-5k$ in total (on good headphone setup, T470s Laptop, quality towels etc.
etc.).
The only good thing is that you buy nice stuff without having to optimize every penny e.g.
I don't care so much anymore if I spend 5-10% too much for an item.
I still buy food at Aldi and I didn't fuck any girls besides my smart girlfriend.
She knows but I had to tell her since just playing computer all day sounded not very credible over time and she got worried.
Want to take my advice anon, go to Western Samoa and live there.
You don't know what life is like until you love somewhere easy going and non materialistic.
Just find a small house in Apia, learn the language and relax.
Your life before was centered around materialism which is an endless void of unhappiness and consumption.
It's designed that way to keep you miserable and yearning to spend more.
Life it up.
Go to Samoa, rent a place and live.
Sounds cliche but it will make you happy.
anon teach us how to get this far in crypto :)
Despite what I've said I need to nut in a few ten dozen whores before I settle down, unless I meet the right woman but that probably won't happen in America.
Women here are TERRIBLE.I've traveled basically everywhere worth going.
Would like to go to some more "unsafe" middle eastern of african countries, but also don't want to get beheaded by savages.I've driven a few super cars on tracks.
Not really my thing.
Also owning one would give me supreme anxiety because I'd always be worried about it getting damaged.
Also it makes you look like a complete douche, there are more attractive ways to display your wealth to women.Actually I'm considered pretty good looking.
My mom made me audition for a boyband that never took off when I was a teenager, and I made it to multiple rounds of auditions.I'm heavily invested in powr at the moment.
I prefer coins that I don't have to pay much attention to and will probably moon hard.I used to day trade hardcore when I first started but that became very tiresome and stressful.
I invest in 50k chunks.
If a coin seems like it will do well then I double or triple down.
The BCH bullshit gave me a lot of anxiety, for no reason, and I lost some money there.
Maybe you need a friend op to do some cool shit with.
Hit me up and let's make even more money in crypto to start a space X and fuck that's on the moon.
go to mars and gib me coins
any tips or insights how to be successful trader like you?
go to lebanon dickhead, it's safe and the summer's there are wildguaranteed you'll find what you're looking forand don't FUD to CNN's bullshit coverage of the countryit's one of the best places in the world and the people there are fucking amazing
My favorite thing about 4chan is the lies people write to make themselves feel better
I hope your not a bored nocoiner larper.
My advice to find a non gold digger bitch is to buy a shitty apartment and not show off your wealth.
If she's worth it you can show her.
P.S.
Western bitches are shitty so yeah.
Travel.
Drink fine wines and cheap swill.
Eat at Michelin 3-star restaurants and at street-side stalls.
Learn a martial art.
Solve a Rubix cube.
Become the most interesting man in the world.
eats meat cuasing massive amounts of suffering>Doesnt accomplish shit in life except grandiose sense of ego and lame attempts at hedonism, nothing special>"but muh testttt!"
Pure humblebrag.
hmm seems like a creative POWR shill
Spend some actual time in a foriegn country.
Live in the woods or a desert island for 6 months catching fish and eating them.
Anon do you think Vechain will take off?
Like I said I like to invest in coins now that will have steady upward projection.
I don't want to worry about checking blockfolio every 2 seconds, and sitting in front of a computer all day gives me a headache.I made a lot of mistakes in the beginning but hit a few amazing moons, ETH, DGB, ANS, RDD, etc.
If I had been a smarter trader I'd be worth like 6-8MM in crypto right now.Here are some tips I learned.-always cash out at 10x-If you ignored the previous rule, DEFINITELY, ALWAYS cash out at 20x (I've ignored this and felt regret for months)-don't get meme'd, there are very good posts on Biz and I've made a lot of money listening to people here, but don't fall for dumb shit.
Listen to whoever is shilling and do your research, also, look at what the coin actually does.
Does it do anything?
Is it useful?
Is there a working product?
Do we NEED it?
There are a lot of smart investors in crypto and hordes of dumbass, follow the smart investors.-DO NOT "DAY TRADE".
It is effectively gambling and you will always lose in the end.
Might as well go play roulette if you're going to try and "time the market"
Coupd be.
Even with all the shills I'm thinking of buying in.
What non financial thing did you dream about before making all the money?
What did you dream of becoming when you were younger?
go do that.If you can't think of anything, go teach, volunteer or do something for someone else.
You might find life rewarding when you don't make it about you.Inb4 get out fag.
If you are not making money gains for your family, projects, or something that matters to you, you are gonna end up sadder than when you started.
The great thing about four chan is that it causes emergent phenomena
Set a physical fitness goal.
Always helps me when I feel purposeless.
I tip my hat to you fine gentlemen
hm.
ive always dreamed to have my own software studio (programming all kinds of applications ive in my mind.
maybe also small games).
thats my goal.
if i make enough with crypto, i will do that.
and if i make more than enough i dont even have to mind to make money with it.
ofc thats something i could do without crypto too - but wagecucking 40-50hours a week is draining.good luck to you.
I want to be an explorer but there is nothing left to explore, hence why desires of space.Besides that, I just want to cum in girl's mouths.
My favorite is holding their mouth to the base of my cock and nutting down their throat.
The more innocent the girl, the better.
Sometimes they get upset, but not as much as you think.I've learned that if you're wealthy and good looking, women will let you do anything to them.
I'm still making a lot in crypto (at least recuperating whatever I spend).Please dont tell me your money is still in it‘s majority in crypto
Printing out and pinning to my toilet door!!!
4481076This is what I mean by travel, spend at least a couple months at one place, meet new people and create connections with others while simultaneously living in a new setting.
God fucking-This is such fuckshitRich people who don't know what to do with their money piss me off more then people who go on a shopping spree every fucking day.What was the point of getting rich then?>inb4 "never worrying about money again"Go fuck yourself.
That being said,Go find an expensive hobby, or a time consuming one.
Dungeons and dragons, video games, cars, wine.>Actually, guns.>Full giggle autogats can go for 80,000 sometimes.>Cars get expensive asf>Video Games are fucking best, escape this world, go on to the next.>AlcoholFfs, man
We've mapped about 5% of the ocean floor.
We know almost nothing about what's going on down there.
Get onto it.Also you have money and a healthy sex drive, it's time to breed a dynasty.
What's the point of existing if no trace of you will exist when you're gone?
Find a good god fearing white woman and put 5 kids in her.Get off tinder.
Tinder is just a backpage.
Respectable woman who had good father figures in their lives don't jump on tinder to be casually ass and face-fucked on the weekends by douchebags like you.
Sergey?
I made 1.8MM in crypto in the past 10 months off a 55k investment>Why am I unhappy still?
I'm really not larping,Because you're full on shit who keeps posting this crap every day.
dude...are you me?
no, you're poor.
fuck off and stop posting
i hate these humblebrag threadsfuck off op no one cares
Yup, you're larping
haha i was before that's for sure.
i'm also pretty bored now, i just travel a lot because i can and i love to fly.
thinking about starting pilot lessons and following some childhood dreams i never had the chance to explore until now.
no, I can tell by the way you write you're poor.
keep trying, larping isn't good for you.
Try fucking some cute traps in stead of girls.
A whole new world will open OP....
nah it's pretty obvious you're the larper now
I have more than you in both Fiat and crypto and still have only had sex with one girl like 4 years ago.
why not pay for it?
You done Good anon
Purpose.
Love.
Family.
Money to support all of this and your loved ones and what they want will bring more happiness than just bringing yourself what you want.
You can't easily make a great celebration from fucking a pornstar and share that with your family.
You can have this with your child's first word, or birthday, or doing well in their choice of sport.
Not for everyone though or different lifestyles and sexual orientations of course.In short, you've got a few more years before it all gets a bit too late to truly enjoy all this but it's such a hard sell as no one ever truly knows what this is like until you have it and all we hear is how much hard work it is.
It is hard work.
But that's what makes is a fucking achievement and brings satusfaction.
Keep it up with the cryptos and in the meantimeChoose life.Choose a job.Choose a career.Choose a family,Choose a fucking big televisionYou can still go fuck a hooker on the side of that's what you want but if that's all you do then you'll get to 50 and and start feeling empty or be the weird old dad at your kids things
so truegot in crypto before the 2014 alt bubble and was daytrading like a mad man till mid 15if i just hodled since 2014 i'd be millionaire, now im "only" in the six figureshodl is the best performing strategy by far
Just wait for the bitcoin crash OP, your life will suddenly get a lot more exciting.
4480288Idk you could shoot up a festival or something, maybeJokes
88Become the next Hitler.
What you seek cannot be bought with money.
Keep the seat warm for me, I'm on my way.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qg8SW7bB2yY
IMMEDIATELY FIND WEALTHY OLDER MEN to offer perspective, investment/life advice etc.
you have to learn how to (even what is) the long game becauseyoung money corrupts, find mentors.
im not kidding at all
Fuck off already soyboy
what clothes?
I have some money to waste
Burberry is real nice this season
If you like space exploration you probably have the mindset of an explorer or a very imaginative person.
Try to find a way how to contribute to those fields.
Looks good.
I'm in cali so I need to replace my daily wear as well.
Is there anything like uniqlo / lulu I could start buying?
And you're right, the impossible burger was alright.
NYC bro here.
I used to like Uniqlo last year but now I think it's for poor people and wouldn't touch it.
Gj you're a brainlet who got lucky, watch teevee now
This thread was moved to >>>/adv/18956777