What are some holds that should increase substantially in the next month?
I'm thinking>ChainLinkIf all goes well, we may see $0.20 moon trip in December.>Request NetworkBecause duh, lots of news out in December, this is a big project and once they get any semblance of a real product it's moon time.>Ripio Credit NetworkSmart contracts, network agents and SDK implementation (whatever that means).
I wish I had a jobI guess I'm not great
Waltonchain: wallet and blockchain coming out.IOTA: supposedly a lot and big news coming out
Merry Trumpmas
I'm an in and out trader, I almost never hold coins that long, expect POWR I held that because I knew it was a promosing one.
not gonna make it bud, sorry
Genesis vision low maket cap very low supplyimpressive backing from bitcoin foundation, changelly and lyke
doubled my investmentumm what?
settling for x2 gainsThe point of getting in early and holding is for x3, x4 or even x10 gains, my friend.
I swing trade a portion of my portfolio too, but fukn mad gains are to be made if you're patient enough and do your research before the rest of the market floods in.
OMG's wallet api will be out before Christmas.
Comfy as fuck.
OMG is a good one, thanks anon.
Sort of late on that train though, but I think if NEO was the flavor of this week, OMG is up next.However, imo, REQ > OMG
I made x2 in 2 weeks dumbo, I made more today while you bleed out, I'm making money you aint
I'll look into it, thanks.These are priced in already anon.
Maybe I'll get a small stake in each and cash out early.
OK listen here kiddo, I made x4 in one week (bought in VTC @ $1.2), and I don't really care about how much you'll make today.
I'm just looking for LTH recommendations, and it seems you're here to have a pissing contest instead.
I feel like Vechain has great potential and only a matter of time before it will boom
Alts will be cheap come Christmas, and will peak around summer.
According to seasonality of Bitcoin and the nature of the Crypto market.Coins I'll be researching in the meantime to determine profitability and risk are: LINK, OMG, XVG, POWR, MER, LMC, XLM, among other low price, mid volume coins, AKA shitcoins.
I have $100 in capital, so the only way I'll make money is with a substantial risk.
substantial risk?
https://medium.com/@darkmuban/flik-price-analysis-why-its-heading-to-15-00-2d162bb9a03b
you forgot COSS and BLOCKCAT
Ark, VTC, RLC, VIA
https://medium.com/@darkmuban/flik-price-analysis-why-its-heading-to-15-00-2d162bb9a03bThat on Ether Delta?
comfy .20 moon tripI don't see how this would be possible.
The chainlink team will only release news on the main net when they are absolutely sure it is working properly.
What makes you think any news will come December?
Link might go to .20 by a btc crash though
btc eth xmr
There is a xmas coin
All of crypto will go down a little from now until December 26
Interesting, any reason why?
Not doubting you, I’m relatively new and would be interested in hearing what you have to say.
BTC- until the xmas, lot of idiots will dump their btc, to buy discount products.XMR- steadly goes up, the meth faces will pump the price for a good xmas tripETH- good escaping currency after xmas