I wanted to invest into BTC mining in 2013 but I saw that the IRS required miners to "register as money transfer-ers" like banks do.
That just to mine you would have to fill out a 500 page packet and apply for a permit.
This basically single handedly made me not buy a mining rig and easily fucked me out of 10 mil.
Did any other anons get cucked by this IRS bullshit rules on U.S. BTC miners?
ok anon, how many people do you think actually filled that shit out?
pretty sure all you have to do is claim it as other income anonI'm sure there's more involved if you want to write off equipment costs and stuff, but I'm pretty well versed in crypto tax stuff and haven't heard of this
bruh i didnt fill that sht out, NOBODY DID
who gives a fuck, all you had to do was buysage
They later clarified that you just have to report gains like self employmentPussy
"register as money transfer-ers"pretty sure that's not a thing.
People mine in the US without documenting anything special.
Some people make them into a business just to write of the expenses.
yea i know but i was literally retarded/ cucked enough to think they would come after me if i didnt do all that shit.
Now my life is literally spend everyday waking up and thinking about how much money I should have had.
Its really depressing me anons.. any advice?
Yea.
later after I had already watch LTC hit 4 dollars from 1/100,000 of one penny..
https://bitcoin.stackexchange.com/questions/8486/do-usa-based-miners-need-to-register-with-fincenIt was in the beginning of 2013 when they came out with that bullshit.
In Sweden you have to pay employee tax and income tax if you mine, a total of like 50% tax, and if you earn a lot of money on it you'll pay even more
Yea thats what I tell myself to keep my from man-heroing lol.
"The gov woulda took half and mt.
gox would have taken half.. fuck it man get over it" although i know im lying to myself and still would have /madeit/ prolly with a 5k investment in mining.
Why don't you start now, though?
Can you see the future any better now than you could then?
Might not make you a millionaire but you can still make money.
I'm seriously thinking of starting myself.
What i think is going to happen next is that if blockchain use becomes widespread, smaller businesses might buy (or even pirate) their own fork of a coin and pay local miners to mine it for them.
It'd be the equivalent of paying someone to develop and maintain a website for your business: many people still prefer hiring a local business they can easily reach if there's an issue, even if they could pay cheaper for a pajeet to do it (or in this case, for a chink to mine it)
Oo dont worry im still in it an making decent money but ill never have tens of millions like i should have.
Im not that smart in general but i can always tell if something is undervalued.
If you dont make it in cryptos the next gravy train is in agroforestry farming practices.
If you can do silvopasture you properly you and your family will be set for life.
you cucked yourself by worrying about the IRShere's something to chew on, i've been getting letters from the IRS for years now and they haven't done shit yet.
maybe they will one day, but not yet so far.
they claim i owe $6000 in underreported taxes.
fuck 'em.the IRS & FBI will only move to bust someone doing larger transactions because they consider it potential money laundering.faggots like you deserve to be poor and to miss out on gains, whether it's mining or trading.
get the fuck off /biz/.
only the strong should survive, browse and pass on their genes.
Yea I should have just said fuck it and mined anyways.
I thought since i was political against the FED and NWO that they would target me and I was all paranoid..
But dont tell me to get off biz when I could give people better investing advice than you any day.
bro the top answer says no you don't
either way I got rekt as fuck.
was prolly just my friend convincing me we would get vanned so we could spend the money on bullshit food or whatever.
At least now I know dont fuck with other people at as with biz related shit.