Why aren't you guys invested in a literal MEME coin?I been in the telegram a few days and the devs seem active and working on new shit everyday.Seems to be everything /biz/ loves about cryptodank memesrare pepes anti-pc anti-censorship BS cryptofags should be all over this shit
can't be worse than link
Are MEME and PEPE the same coin?
Their website says nothing about pepecoin but on their twitter they're used interchangeably.
I don't get it
shill it on the_donald and sell when all the cyborgs buy in
4405824I spent some time in there telegram and basically was told like Bittrex would never ever list PEPE or use the Pepecoin logo so that had to alter or stealth list the name to be listed which is def infuriating but it is listed as PEPE on craptopia with no volume unfortunately, still the soul of pepe lives on and there other project Kekdaq will be like a decentralized rare pepe exchange.
I read the burning guide and shit was dank
Yes, PEPECASH is something else entirely though.
wow, didn't know that about 'trex.
what a bunch of cucks.
memeist fucks will list DOGE but not PEPE wtf
...whatthat's incredibly gay, why are americans like this, i'm so fucking tired of this shit
this is the Kekdaq burning guide I had read https://view.publitas.com/memetic/burning-guide-kekdaq-com/page/1There going to announce a beta soon and let ppl burn PEPE/MEME for KDAQ and then use that to do assets like how pepecash does but way cheaper cuz BTC is cucked with blocksizes and fees are thru the fucking roof
yeah when the mod in the room explained to me it made me REEEE fucking cucktrex they listed Bitbean and Doge and other shitcoins but not a fucking green frogs this is why decentralized exchanges will be the future
the adl literally classified pepe as a hate symbol because Hillary got so assblasted about it she whipped up CNN into a red scare 2 frenzy only about neo nazis instead of communists and based on frog memes
this from the ANN op on bitcoin talkhttps://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=1391598.0
Yeah the fag that made the website wants us to be PC but fuck all that.
It will be updated soon
4406032I'm still inordinately proud of having the democrats so triggered by Pepe that they made that little explainer on her campaign site.
That felt like a turning point in my life as dumb as that sounds, I've been feeling smug ever since, got a steady job afterwards, finally moved out, and have made more money this past year than I'd made for every other year combined.
pepe is def important i see you guys working hard on shit keep it up mang
heh, it was a turning point in my life too anon.
i was working at a big silicon valley company at the time (on an immigrant visa) and to watch my coworkers become literally afraid of pepe made me realize i had to leavei quit that job, moved back home to europe and became a degenerate /bizfit/ daytrader.
thanks hillary!