Why did I not buy more of this faggot coin?
This will be THE store-of-value coin in 2018....well until the next one anyway
No it won't, its a great coin, but the fees need to come down.
Not with Segwit either, ffs.
Can we all just forget Segwit is a thing and get back to blockchains?
.
"Nope, Monero never had the problem SegWit was designed to fix" => Pure 100% blockchain, no jew fuckery2.
Fess go down automatically as more people use it since blocks become bigger automatically.
Right now you are paying a lot for fees since not a lot of people are using it.
There's also a bunch of great tech updates coming up but your choice.BUT HOLY SHIT LEDGER FINISH THE FUCKING SOFTWARE FOR MONERO ALREADY YOU PIECES OF SHIT
Is XMR on a unlimited block like Bitcoin was before the 1MB was put in?
if that is the case then why are fees so high?
It adapts with usage, there's a limit to how fast blocks are growing.
So why are fees high?
the shit I've seen fluffypony posting in btcbase has made me lose faith in this to be honesteveryone here keeps saying ohhh it will be huge in 2018 because of darknet but the thing is it already has been in use by darknet, for a long time.
Easier user improvements will see it climb a bit but it wont be dramatic
Basically there is a fixed fee for a block.Example: 1 block => 100 people fee is 0.1XMR fixedSo fee ends up at 0.01XMR (1.5$) for each guy buying in.
Very simpleSuppose 1 block => 1000 people so fee is 0.001 XMR (0.15$) ...More usage = lower fees.
It's a great system imho.
Also there is a very slow LINEAR inflation to make sure miners will keep processing blocks.
It's pretty great.
You are wrong on so many points my friend.
Monero has NONE of the issues BTC is plagued by:Monero pro's: Privacy, fungability, blocksize, true dentralisation (ASIC resistant), Monero cons: non hardware wallet (yet), large blocksize (being worked on)BTC pro's: THE KING, hardware wallet, network effectsBTC cons: Transparent, non fungible, blocksize shitfits, centralized due to ASIC miners,
Not sure if ASIC is really a problem.
Buying the required amount of GPUs to mine anything else could be a barrier to entry as well.
Tfw dumped almost all my alts 2 weeks ago and left just a few.
I had never owned XMR till 2 weeks ago when I decided it would be a good idea.
Holding this forever.While we're on the topic, R8 my portfolio.If I could I would also add a bit of WTC and LINK but idk how to buy, most exchange are banned where I live