thinking about getting some link but got some questions about its supplythe circulating supply is 350M and the total supply is 1B.
My question is, who's holding the other 650M?
when is it gonna start circulating?
thats 65% of the total supply... doesnt anyone know where and what those tokens are gonna be used for?
Fuck me how new are you?
This has been discussed about a million times.
Use the warosu archives
half of 650M is held by the development team.
this is good because it gives devs an incentive to increase the value of the tokens.
half is reserved as incentive for future clients to actually use the network.
this is 100% vital for getting the decentralized oracle network started.
the token will not have value unless it is part of a decentralized network, and the best way to get people to use it is with incentives.
this is a very common thing: NEO is also doing this, for example.
You need to understand that companies don't need the link token, it's actually useless, they can use the service without needing it, so it's worthless.
implying no one would use link token>why would anyone even use nodes
are you actually mentally ill ?
:) these bitch bastirds are crazy, my man.
They don’t understand oracle problem!
Haha!
Stop blatantly lying
4285112This has been proven again and again in countless threads, but linkies still don't want to listen.
The volume has been dropping for a while and the price slowly dipping.
If you're gonna buy, I'd wait until the weekend when it's around .17
go on then mate
Maybe read the whitepaper before you speak?
Simple, the token is useless because companies actually don't need t use it, they can use their own services and use link at the same tme.
Can I post now?
That's ripple not Link
the LINK node operators are paid in LINK.....to use a LINK node, you have to have LINK, to pay.which part about this do you not understand?
Yes, but 40% of the total tokens are reserved to the companies, the ones you are holding right now are useless, or maybe will go up a measly 20%.
bless you
that's like saying you don't need to eat because you can get a free sample at the grocery store once
Yes, but in this case the free sample is equivalent to gifting you the entire supermarket, which will last for your entire lifetime.
you think that the tokens reserved for companies will last them forever?first, not every company that wants to use LINK is going to be given free LINK, only the big ones.second, they WILL run out, and have to purchase more...But mostly it's the fact that there are going to be plenty of organizations to use LINK that aren't being given free LINK
no, that is not the case.
% is reserved for companies that "don't need to use it"?
.5/10
4285281I'm sorry, but you are all deluded if you think this will moon, this is all very well known, but you keep believing only because you want it to be true.
Retard
4285304This is all in the whitepaper, it's not my fault you don't want to see what's in front of you.