*breaths in*HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA*breaths in heavily*HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHYou fell for CONfidoHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHA
Both of those posts are clearly larping though
I don't take pleasure in other people losing.
It doesn't benefit me at all.
I lost over 80k.
Someone murder me.
I want death.
>my wife or her son
haven't told my wife or her sonNo way this isn't larp
clearly baiting oh wait thats reddit.. might be real then
i havent followed this coin at all, what happened?
/confidont/
Anyone here could be in their place right now.
The real question is who's next.
This.
I don't want anyone to lose money, I must be the only one kek.
This shit stunk of scam from day one can't believe anyone put serious money in it.
I mean look at the fucking chart before the dip
link
stop throwing around the word scamthis is simply panic selling due to an event they dont understand
They're getting fucking sued and they told people they might become insolvent, and apologized for any losses that might result!
stop spreading lies please
my wife's sonI can't tell if this is satire anymore.
Heavier bags than LINK.
Is such a thing even possible?
4458629
Reddit, more chance it's true than not.
You're retarded if you can't tell it is satire.
I lost $300 on this dog shit.
accumulating
shit drop like a rock.
Can somebody give me a basic gestalt-quick rundown on why Confido went to the shitter ?It were jews all along ?
exit scamthey said they had legal problems that is going to stop all progress on the project and if not solved the project is done for goodgreat way to make everyone sell your coin instantly
>wake up>feel good>check blockfolio>feel badFuck you /biz/
I feel bad.
These scamcoins should be allowed to exist, or at least their creators should be punished instead of enriched.
*should not
No dog in this fight but wondering if their legal issues are the SEC putting their money where their mouth is regarding ICOs?
JUST HODL IT WILL ALL GET BETTERhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k36sIRRdFSU
Help mommy gubment, I can’t do basic research
wtf happened to this thing?
This very much.
damn this isnt even funny it's just sad... how can you have 70k and be this dumb
Money can't cure stupidity.
What's the hell with these people that do stupid gamble against common sense and when it goes wrong they cry publicly and act like fucking victims.Fuck them.Nobody is entitled to profit.
Now he'll have to work.
Huh?
I literally know nothing about this coin but according to coinmarketcap it's only been active for like 2 weeks?
How the hell can they be getting sued inside of 2 fucking weeks?
I don't take pleasure in other people losing.
It doesn't benefit me at all.I'm pissed off by people putting their losses in public domain.Why don't they take it on themselves, like adults.
That's becaus eof peopl like you that the US gov is policing what's people are doing with their money.Nobody forced the guy to put all his cash in it.
He is the only one to blame.
Eh I kind of know the second guy posting and he's trolling.
He just made that one thread, and every other post he has is "LOL YOU SHOULD HAVE KNOWN CONFIDO WAS A SCAM" and shit like that, so obvious fake comment.Also the first guy is named "PimpxxxDaddy42060" I don't know if that guy is serious but possible troll as well
They're both most likely fake threads btw from fucking 4channers trolling the shit out of that sub, I'm nearly 100% positive the second guy is a complete troll, and the first guy is named "PimpxxxDaddy42069" I mean how seriously can you take that claim.
Have never derived pleasure from other's suffering.. only if those people genuinely deserved it and even then it doesn't really feel good.
Yes it does.
Trading is a zero sum game.
Had $13,000 in CFD (Really just 2 ETH from ICO)>Decide I've been holding that bag long enough and I'll just put it in BTC>Get on computer>CFD down 90%I was going to buy some junk and put up some extra dough for school, but w/e.
I wound up not losing my ICO entry and still making 2 ETH, but I need to abandon ship faster next moon.
No.
https://money.stackexchange.com/questions/72945/is-the-stock-market-a-zero-sum-game
stock market
To clarify: stock trading is not a zero sum game.
Forex is.
The jury's still out on crypto but since they're supposed to be currencies it should also be zero sum.
Who's gonna break the news to his wife's bulls?
rename this file dogsog.jpg now
Did anyone report this to the SEC?I'm not kidding.
Someone should do it
supposed to be currenciesWrong.
The term cryptocurrencies is misleading and shitty.
The worst thing is asking for HELP (all capitals) on a message board.
Commie scum
I guess that is why they only allow sophisticated investors into high risk investments.
Please putting all your networth in.
Amateurs.
I think this is the scammer guys
lol.
I'm the user "sweetbreh" in OP's picAnd yes, I was trolling.
dont be mean guys,this is potentially going to ruin his families lifes.
the fact that the scammer named it "CONFIDO" makes it that much funnieri've been laughing for about 5 minutes straight, im having trouble breathing
con dog.
This isn't funny.
People lost a lot of money.
Its not a zero sum game because money in crypto is coming from outside of crypto.
Because of this It is entirely possible that all cryptos rise slowely and continuously for years.
In this possible hypothetical situation everyone gains.
The only way at this point for cryptocurrencies to be consideted a zero sum game is if at some point everyone takes their money out of cryptocurrencies and all the markets go to exactly zero which in a million years will never happen.
the fucking chartlooks like btc's chart
This isn't funnyIt is.
Only to scammers and psychopaths.
I'm pretty sure the CEO is an actual genius, he was playing like 5D chess here both with financial gains for himself and maximum trolling.
"CONfido" get your confidence and then con you out of your money.
Uses fake image of some random European student when in reality this dude is probably a 200 IQ pajeet!
Holy fuck.
I lost my fucking moneyMy money's fuckin goneCan't believe this shitLost all my moneyUsed to be thickLost all my moneyNow I'm worth shitSomebody fucking help meI cannot see the lightAll my money's goneCan't wake up insideFucking scammed to shitAll their pages goneReminds me of my moneyAlso fucking goneAll my money's GONE
SEC
The bait in this thread is preposterous
Joost van Doorn>fake Linkedin profile with fake picture>nobody ever saw him in real life>Sergey Nazarov>gives conference speeches constantly>meets with high profile bussinesses constantlyYour LINK fud is getting so weak
preposterousdamn fucking right senpai
Don't be so confident Link isn't a scam.I'm becoming more and more convinced Sergey is just a blimp with a face painted on it and Rory is just three raccoons stacked on top of each other.
This, you have to be a piece of pajeet shit if you find gratuity in anon not being able to moon.
both of you in OP's pic sound aware.
then give them a bread or some tuna you emo gay
toplel, gj man kek.
Bring on the pink wojaks biz
>bought at $0.7>sold when it fell to $0.6>FOMO'd hard and bought back in at $0.85>now thisUnironically lost $72k on this absolute turdcoin, fuck you /biz/ and your fucking shilling.
Should have held btc.
someone who has 72k to invest wouldn't do this shit
healthy correction
how hard am i gonna get fucked if i accumulate right now
i'm unironcally buying 100k at 2 sats

m coins.
it aint reaching 1 satoshi and if it does it is fucked beyond any hope of recovery
>confido>Latin for "I trust" they were making fun of you from the very start
stock market
White knight faggot.
It's hilarious.
I invest in high risk projects because I'm a fucking madman.
Every day I expect these projects to go tits up.
Can't go to the moon without a rocket strapped to your back.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4bd1MHZGizA
>ICO>literally all-in donating your savings to a project that only gives you some dumb coin they made up in return>their 'project' was crypto with tracking numbers built in>merchants already do that themselvesIf you lose a fortune on an ICO, consider it an expensive life lesson.
remember to take profits kids
This is why I buy coins only from Bittrex since I know they will be legit, mind you they did delist Bitshares for some reason.
i actually believe this
the project doesn't exist any more you fucking idiot.it's just for collectors now
Somebody else made money thoughThat's how this space is.
People don't just make money, they are making money at the expense of somebody else
I lost 13$ on this shitcoin!!!
Help
it's crypto.
people abandon project then someone take over or developer come back to pump and dump again.It happens all the time.All this newfags here don't know about it thats all.
whales are accumulating guys this isnt over
JOOST'DCONNEDFIDDLED
Totally
Guys, I'm being serious.
Yesterday was fucking miserable.
I should have seen the drop early and got out as soon as I could.
I fucked up.I went ALL in with every last bitcoin I had (all purchased from 2013).
That's 19 bitcoins, all fucking IN confidont back when it was $1.10.
We're talking maybe 10 times my entire fiat life savings here.
When it crashed, I panic sold at 8.6 cents, saw it go back up to 20 cents, and bought again only to wake up to it at fucking 3.4 cents.
What the FUCK.
This is a joke right, it's just the whales trying to keep the price low or something.
Why would it go up and then crash further after the crash.
Why does this always happen to me?
Why is every trading decision /biz/ ever makes for me such a shit show.
This was all my money, all my happiness, gone in 24 hours.
What the fuck is wrong with the system.
My parents thought I was rich and now I'm broke as fuck.
I had everything.
This was my way out of wage cucking.
I was gonna start a business.
I had so much fucking money and it's all gone because of these fucking scam artists.
I need to buy some bitcoin and consolidate.
can someone explain to me what actually happenend that caused that massive dump ?didn't invest but i want to learn for the future
Everything from twitter over website, reddit etc.
went down and no one has heard anything since.
Going all in with anything above 1btcThis post is a larp but on the off chance it's real, if you had 19btc and still do stupid shit like go all in, then you deserve to lose it.
You should only ever go all in if you're a poorfag.
>I haven't told my wife or her son yet10/10 shitpost
I didn't invest in Confido.
I feel bad for these people.
You are deficient as a human being if you take pleasure from other people suffering.
so it wasn't predictable and people just got scammed ?guess you should never go all in into random shitcoin with muh low marketcap
Not really, although apparently some of the fake guys in the teams only had 15 connections on LinkedIn, which is very suspicious.
But the website itself looked quite... well, just like all the other ICO's.
Wordpress Template with some random timeline and buzzword stuff and the bullshit business plan called "whitepaper" people nowadays seem to actually take serious.TL;DR it looked like a scam, but since most ICO's look like scams, nobody noticed.
I lost maybe 240 bucks, it sucks but it's not the end of the world for me.
I got out at 13 cents.
That reaction so pathetic even though both posts are obviously larping.
But being happy about other peoples losses shows what a shitty human being you are.
I hope you die in a fire
Yikes...
Why is every trading decision /biz/ ever makes for me such a shit show.felt for you until this.
You're clinically retarded