Partnerships ANN.
Enjoy, eat more turkey
Should I buy this now with my ETH?
I wonder if this is just a pump and dump.
I bought in at 2400 sats.
What should I do?
you guys better buy this.
YC business tactics are EXTREMELY aggressive.
YC doesnt fuck around with their startups.
They will push Req- I mean Quantstamp down the throats of the normies in Silicon Valley and they will use it like addicts.
REQ 2.0 go ahead buy some bags and prepare your anussome people never learn
You should have sold at 1620 earlier today like I did.
can someone explain to me how something like this isn't already built into the eth network?
it's going to be a layer built on top of it in hopes of being the tech to audit all smart contracts?
how does that affect token price and what is the use case for them?
i'm balls deep into req and might wanna diversify a bit for t his.
bump
When is something expected to happen, if anything?
This thing is doing the exact same thing as powr... its crazy.
everything from the climb to 23/24c, drop to 14/15c, bitcoin drama, bitteex rumors... its all the same, in 5-6 days its going to explode.
itll hit $1.50 before powr, 10x better team.
dude the coin hasnt even been out a week.
i think we will see $0.25 within 3 days
you might be onto something there sherlock
Are you lowballing that, or is it possible to go higher?
he better have been low balling it was almost that high yeesterday and there's supposed to big news this weekend>inb4 skateboard
Hahaha
What's quantstamp's actual value proposition?
What does this coin actually do?
I've only seen this on biz like 7 times.
Does this coin actually have long term potential or is it just hype/shitcoin?
the coins are consumed for "auditing" this lowers the supply, there is this thing called POH (proof of hold) which rewards people for holding coins in MEW but full details have not been disclosed.
Something to do with validating smart contracts to prevent bugs and hacking or some shit
BUY HIGHSELL LOWBUY HIGHSELL LOWYAAAAAAAAH
bump
oh yes.
please tell us AFTER the pump