Guys last weeks link was fudded hard AF being said it's a scamcoin now it seems to be recovering so this shit is real or not?
DYOR and make a conclusion lmao
Its a scam.
Dont buy anon, being rich isnt fun if there are no poor people.
Is that an actual abbreviation that people's use or did you make it up expecting people's to know what you mean?
I mean it crashed from 50 cents to 15 within a month id say it is time foe recovery
People use it, don't come here for advice, it's cancer.Do Your Own Research
If that shit hits 50 bucks I will be kms for not buying when it was at this price
We are pumping it in 3 hours:https://discord.gg/Yh96D8v
it IS a scam, you moron.
they don't have any kind of partnership, swift made a statement about this a couple of days ago.
Never seen it before and understood it straight away.
Being fluent in English is great.
So why so much shilling atm
dcb
I understood it right away too jackass it was just a question
we have a lot of delusional bagholders here, don't become one of their victims.
Yeah I think I wont buy it despite the fact that if it actually moons I will be sad.
I'm sorry, I never miss a potential opportunity to mock non native English speakers online.
It's an actual abbreviation
DYOR and find out retard.
Yes its a scam, they have no partnerships and they just put random logos of banks on their website to seem legit.We actually know this since like a month or so
link is a fucking sleeping giant that will spontaneously rape everyone who doesn't own LINKstop jumping in latet.me/pumpandtrump
Stop advertising a worthless token which has no future.>sleeping giantLmao @ the retards who believe this
guys a month ago link was shilled hard AF being said 10k sats is the new bottom and now its still down 70% from that ath so this shit is dead or not?
% dead>no news>no confirmed partnerships>devs not talking to anyone and going on vacation
it's a scam by the devs.
it's a simple json parser which was carried to its ATH simply by hype from biztards.
people shilling now are just bagholders, stay away from LINK.
listen to the anon who's talking to you, pretty much everything he said is true except for the no confirmed partnerships thing.
they supposedly have a partnership with confido although confido using another oracle right now because chainlink is "not available yet" or something along those lines.
it's a scam anon.