This one is gonna moon this weekend.
Monero is breaking out.
Get in before the whales
I hate to break your shilling (xmr doesn't even need it), but a Monero moon mission directly violates what Fluffypony wants for the coin.
He keeps the price stable -- on purpose.
It's the safest and best long term investment you can make, but do NOT buy XMR if you want a quick flip.
This is for when you already have good money want want to invest -- not trade.
> tfw been holding only LSK, NEO and XMR since the september China FUD> finally feel like I’m getting somewhere
>satoshis real visionMy body is ready
$2billion marketcapGET iN b4 WHAleS!!!!
Even though I agree with you that it does not need shilling, OP is probably right that this will moon over the weekend if BTC stays stable.
When BTC stays stable, people want to cash out their profits, and most people do that through Monero.
The thing with Monero is that is has a very low coin supply, and a lot of STRONG holders like yourself.
These circumstances make it pretty ripe for a breakout and moon mission as OP correctly points out.
Fluffyfaggot doesn't control the market.
nice, easy x0.2... you know, there are other coins.
young projects which doing moneros job much better and hadn't a bullrun yet.
but hey, stay stuck on your established coins and make some pennies.
Fluffy can't keep the price down by himself.
People are starting to figure out that Monero is actually what they thought Bitcoin was.
A huge flood of money is rushing towards Monero.
The devs can'thold back the sea
Yes exactly, also look at the Monero chart, it's so bullish my dick gets hard just looking at it
go chase some shitcoin pnd moon missionsif you get lucky and make some real money you will understand true allure of established coins for your core holdings
it broke out
Whats ceiling on this run?
dark net degens getting tired of high btc fees and realizing the benefits of privacy.
At least $1000 by next year
bought my first 10 XMR a couple days agowent down in btc value, but still comfy as evermy slow accumulation coin used to be ETH, but I think XMR is going to replace that
I'm going with XMR and ZenCash.Why do people not talk about ZenCash?
well its just 2%, so not yet
im thinking about zencash or zcoin as a secondary privacy coinhave you looked into zcoin at all?
Sorry, I meant Zcash.
Fucking hate all these forks.
Because of this guy.