Got 5k to invest in crypto, looking too 20x my money next year willing to lose it all.
Time is ticking give me advice
bitbean
Start by all-inning LISK
Ok ill look at lisk anything else?
Lisk was $7.something a couple of days ago.
When I woke up this morning it was $10.20, and as of right now, an hour later, it's $10.80.Why would you need anything else?
Just all in it, and if you want, jump out in a day or even later today when you've made some gainz.
buy nuls its easily the best thing you can buy out of all the crypto coins.
Astro for the next couple of days or hodl
% STORJ, 25% POWR and 25% BCH at 0.11 BTC.
The others you should buy right now.
All in Bitcoin Cash /thread
half LINKhalf REQfull lambo
This is the only way to get a realistic x20 or a x0
Casino would yield about the same result in a fraction of the time
True, but if i win it in the casino i cant brag that im a genius
NEO is just about the most under-valued coin at the moment.It's going to the moon at some point.
no risk no reward
Put all into BTC, its the only thing people really want.
Altcoins are garbage normies dont understand, heck 95%+ barely understand BTC but they know they want it.
2018 moon missions:WAVESNEOLTCPOWRBNBWTCBATPOTY
Did you buy all in Lisk when I told you to?
It's up to $11.20 now
kek
20x?
All in on RLC.
Why is LISK gaining value?Looks like a standard pnd to me.
$11.30
Its the next ETH you will forever regret if you do not buy
But why the sudden gains?There would need to be a reason past 'it's great'.Otherwise, it looks like an organised pump, which never end well.
Can still brag you counted cards and didn't get caught
Easy one: RaiBlocks XRB!No fees transactions and almost instant, and it scales.
Its already working and the wallet is easy to use.Marketcap 18 mil so moon missions is too easy once we hit the big exchanges
Well anon you can spend days looking for the next PnD or you can use this equation 5000 x (1.01^360).Dont underestimate potential compounded gains.
Tell me more anon interested in this
Do they have anything to announce?
anything to go for it?I'd love to believe this is another Neo / Walton but as of right now it doesn't have that much going for it.
do your own research, you can think it's an organised pump and dump whatever that means, which it isn't.
But you will have regret
Do you wanna be poor forever?
Buy LINK idiot.
Were going straight to fucking jupiter.
Or you could just explain why.You not knowing just cements my view its a pnd.Plus it's falling now.
k bitcoin 2k monero
Or you could just explain why.I'm not writing an essay on /biz/ see Lisk.iobut all in all suit yourelf
bought 1k BAY btw xD 4k left
Say goodbye to your money.
Less risky less gain:3k Bit2k EthMore risky more gain:Any combination of:ARKLINKMoneroNeo
% interest a day, good luck getting that
Literally nowhere in the world will give you 1% interest daily, anything that claims to is a ponzi
ZOIN
already made 10% lel beginners luck
Looking to 20xWell, that immediately discounts the most stable ones.
BTC will not realistically get you that at all.
ETH MIGHT get you near 10x but still unlikely.
Go for XMR, ETP, NEO, EOS, WAVES, BTS, DBIX.Maybe NULS - the early FUD over Github and lack of info on team have been sorted so could be the next hugely profitable China coin.
BOST
lisk 10$ btw
Buy high sell low, Just wait for it to drop down.
Then buy.
Yeah because it's was as I suspected a pump and dump.Beware you may also be in one now, so I'd take those gains of 10%.
OMG, sell around February-April.
Yeah I had about a month of beginners luck which left me with +50% on my starting investment overall.
Then almost all in on shit trade, followed by 2x panic trades trying to quickly make back my losses wiped out profits and also 20% of starting monies.
Trying to learn some TA+self discipline now so I don't fuck myself in the ass that bad ever again.
It'll be hard as hell trying to hit this consistently for the first 90 days but once you get used to reading value charts on sites like coinmarketcap you can definitely hit those numbers.
I'm doing it right now and i'm 14 days ahead of my profit projection schedule.
In 2 days I turned 223.00 to 260.16 (as of 11/16/2017 - 0421).
This is without any major pumps and riding mainly on BTC, LTC, ETH, and every now and then 2 additional alt coins here and there.
underrated
Mind teaching me the basics?
if it works for me ill give you a bonus after my 1st month
what exchange do you use primarily?