Hey guys, not sure if this is something that anyone can help me out with here since the catalog makes it seem like you guys really only focus on stocks and shit, but I didn't go to school for business so I know very little about these kinds of things.
I am going to be opening up an extension of my brother's business and the drafting of the contract regarding how much I'll be paying him and such has fallen on me.
Obviously I'm wanting to do some kind of franchise model with an initial lump sum buy in, but I need some help figuring out the monthly/weekly percentage model.
First off, I was thinking about doing some kind of adjustable percentage that would be based off of how much over or under the business overhead is but I have no idea what this is called or if this is even a thing.
Any pointers as to what something like this would be called so I can better direct my research?
Also, is it more common to be paying a weekly fee or monthly fee?
What should I prefer?
Also just any general advice/pointers are always appreciated.
I know this post is pretty vague and scattered so if anyone is interested in helping I'd be glad to answer further questions.Just looking for some jumping off points.
Like I said, I'm buying from my brother so it doesn't need to be super legit but I'm at least trying to appear as professional as possible.tl;dr>Need business franchise contract adviceThanks
Contact some actual professional, don't take advice from /biz/ on anything but on how to lose money.
Due to the tricky legality of the business, any professional help becomes extremely expensive unfortunately.
It's family so I really just need something to bring to the table even if it's pretty bare bones.
Also, is it more common to be paying a weekly fee or monthly feefranchises usually have a annual fee for percentage of sales
Aren't annual fees usually more common in large name franchises such as McDonalds etc?
Or is this a pretty common practice even at lower level businesses?
Only receiving payment every year doesn't seem the most alluring incentive for someone not already doing millions.
That being said, I'd definitely prefer it.
Bumping your thread for you because it's a quality post amongst a sea of shitcoin shitposts.
Only receiving payment every year doesn't seem the most alluring incentive for someone not already doing millionsmoney is money, id definetly only do annual, you need to break a certain gross every month before you start eating.
monthly franchise fees can fuck u that wayannual averages out your slow months with your good monthsthat said, its a family business and youre being pretty slack, cross your t's and dot your i's family feuds over business dont end well.
Thanks, friend.That's a good point and what scares me the most, that's why I thought an adjustable percentage may be an okay compromise but like I said in fp, I'm not even really sure what that would be called.
For example, I'd pay something low like 3% on the bad months/weeks and could adjust up to 5%/7% based off of how much my gross is over the cost of product.
This way I would not be hit as hard if I don't turn a profit, while still having the incentive for the seller (my brother) to make more if I do more business.
scaling royalty fee?im not sure what the legal term would be
Decreasing Percentage:Despite having a name that’s almost the exact opposite of the last model they aren’t particularly similar.
Under a decreasing percentage model the franchisee pays the franchisor less (percentage wise) if they are selling more.
It’s viewed as a good option for both franchisee and franchisor by those who use it since it gives an incentive to the franchisees to grow and be more profitable, which is obviously a good outcome for the franchisors as well.I suppose youd want a certain leeway in that way tooyou need incentive to grow as well, and paying higher fees the more you grow isnt it.
That makes sense I'll google that.
I was wanting to draft a couple different contracts so maybe I'll present an annual royalty model in one of them.
Does it make more sense to pay a higher royalty percentage if I'm paying annually or would the percentage be the same as it would be based off a monthly percentage?
So with this I'd pay less as I do better?
seems like a higher chance for an early on death blow though does it not?
I think just making it trhough the initial period of building a customer base is what I'm most concerned about.
sliding scale royalty i think it isbig corps do quarterly cause of their stocks and stuff, realistically anything can work, just make sure you put away on your big months, its not bank breaking.
whatever you choose, make sure it works for both of you.dont forget about whre you get supplies (if hes selling them to you), advertising ccosts and all that, the more you pay in other fees, i feel your royalty should be less.
do any research as to what you will average out making?
do you see it growing?
probably best option for you would be flat rate to start, then when the agreement expires, come up with something more fine tuned?
4257212I don't know why but I've been trying to come up with a contract that I see working for the longevity of the business and wasn't really thinking it could be changed later on.
Makes sense just to start out with something safe like you're saying.
Thanks so much for all your time and info!