Will we ever hit 8000??
?I know we will, but when?
Im fucking impatient
when tether manipulates the market again
It just did, a couple days ago hence the reversal.
It just went from its 5k lows to back to its ATH you mong.
I know we willBCH will.
BTC not so much.
shadilay
So what's your date for 'the flippening' now?
Push it back by another few weeks?
never
Doing well for your self, and forget BCH
chiiilllll, bratha, $17K by eoy
Considering how 20m Tether managed to make the price go up 300, I expect that 60m pump to make BTC jump at least 1k.
I think the insiders in BFX are keeping the prices low to make people think that the USDT dump would be a retracement.
It was already leaked that Bitfinex uses their customers money to trade some time ago.
another week at most.so many impatient people on this board, jesus man
i was thinking 7500 at thanksgivingand 9k maybe 10k january 2018.christmas will probably dip a bit.who knows.8k by january for sure.
np
source: my ass
what happened to bcash?
Refueling for another run while shaking out weak hands, based chinks.
Ok good I bought in at $2k and was pretty scared man
Within the day

on a purely speculative currency trade>makes a speculationwow fuck that guy amiright
I thought it only hit like $7960 not $8k yet.
The $8k wall is huge.
topkek, anon
Look at this nowIt is 1860 BTC or ~15m USD buying power to breach that 8k level.Now tell me is 15m usd a lot for BTC?
is it?Now tell me this, why it didn't hit it?
there were couple times when it could have happen.
Why it didn't happen?Think about it
I think it'll rise on Christmas as bitcoin becomes firmly planted in the public normie consciousness with The Big Bang Theory episode and everyone will get each other bitcoin for christmas as a "nerdy" gift and show off how smart they are.
everyone will get each other bitcoin for christmas as a "nerdy" gift and show off how smart they are.And then there will be friendships that break up when someone gifts his/her friend a Bitcoin Cash aka "Bitcoin like the one shown in The Big Bang Theory".
This guy is rightI'm offering $100 worth BTC to my brother this year, but it's more like an expensive joke than anything
I might actually do the same thing.
USDT needs to be made again to prop up BTC
joke's on you, pal
4435525The nerdiest nerds will be giving BCH as a gift instead of BTC
Prepare 30M$ of USDT>Dump BTC for $>People panic sell>Refill with Tether previously created>Recreate new Tether for next operation
And LINK if you want the ultimate meta-joke
everyone will get each other bitcoin for christmas as a "nerdy" gifti literally feel ill when i read this.
LINK would be like a kick to the balls but that would be the ultimate meta joke I agree
quads of truthBCH tards lmao
Proof of marxist invasion of bitcoin.
BTC has no eda like BCH so it could end pretty bad for them....death chain spiral - transactions clogged for all eternity