As an Electrical Engineer of 11 years, I have not seen such promising revolutionary technology within the time I had been doing my craft until now.
The decentralized units of energy known as power ledger is the most solid project I have ever witnessed.
When I checked the cmc yesterday, I knew this investment was the best, the best.
Don't miss out on this one boys.
THE YEAR IS 2025, I just installed 25 KW of solar on my roof + 2 graphene battery packs in the garage.
All up it cost me $1,500.
I don't need your stupid power tokens.
My house can power itself and can now run itself without sunlight for 2 months.
Cool story.
TALK ABOUT PAID FOR SHILLING ..... that must mean some thing is up.
Im studying architecture and we learned about the future of power management and "smart grids".
Sounds like this shit is going to take off at some point but i dont know if it woll be this one or some other technology
Where do i invest in this?
What if you make more electricity than consume and want to sell it?
you can already sell it to power companies you dont need a bullshit erc20 token
selling it to greedy jews who resell it this project is made exactly to make power jews gtfo
power companies got the infrastructure to deliver the excess energy anywherewhat infrastructure do some token holders have?how can excess energy in country X be sold to country Y without using jew owned power lines?
t. retard who didn't read the whitepaper
no i havent, but i bet it goes along the lines of:"with all these moneyz and the magic of crypto we gonna build our own power lines and shit, away from the control of those evil power corps!"
and no you cant decentralize energy production & distribution in our modern economies, fucking retard
4337038I'm guessing you're still in high school, at least you talk like you are.
I'm not going to explain the finer workings of this company but I am going to ask you to just watch the price this week.
You don't have to buy or even read anything, just look at the chart in a couple days.
chill bro, I'm holding some