Not a larp, willing to pay someone 0.01 BTCs worth of whatever crypto they want for some advice.
I want to invest 500K into Ethereum, what is the best way to do it?
I've invested small amounts into BTC over the years via local bitcoins but I feel like you can't just call up a bank and transfer 500K.
What exchange should I use?
GDAX?
Will they need a scan of my passport?
you can't just call up a bank and transfer 500Kof course you can
Your gonna have to make some phone calls, meet some exchange people, and hire one or two traders to slowly buy up ether on various exchanges to avoid moving market prices.
Use Luno.
Bank transfer money into Luno, convert to btc or eth (within luno).
You can withdraw from luno into your bank account.
Yes they need ID and proof of residence.
Call a exchange , They can help you with this problem im sure they dealt with bigger numbers and have solutions
Oh yeah, btc please
I want to invest 500K into Ethereum
THIS
$500k is certainly not a light sum by any means, that's what people may call a whale's buy-in.GDax is most likely the best the way to do so.
There is probably a limit per day on how much you can deposit and withdraw.
You /might/ need to verify your identity further to unlock some looser limitations.If you wish to actually give 0.01 BTC, I'd be hard if you could send me some XMR:Monero: 437ogKyfvUmfpA1DDWRLdKZTeZja6Dw9uaKue5J5yjRZXa3DkaMpTgRTabtYvCDaQKB6RqVzByUvtcFgC1zpWUNDL9zAToEReply if you need more advice.
You can use Gdax if the money you have is legitimate and in the banking system already.
Make an account on coinbase.
They will require KYC info so a driver's license or passport.
Next, you will have to speak with customer service to raise your deposit limit.
Once you have your money in, I'd honestly just wait for a downturn and put a few buy walls at reasonable prices you're willing to pay at (anything between $320 and $300 as of today).If the money is laundered, set your location to San Francisco and post intent to purchase bitcoins on localbitcoin.
A flight to the city should be worth it.
$500k is nothing in this city.
Hell, I'd sell you $100k myself if you flew here.If you found this helpful my eth address is 0xBDAD0f21b0106630752a09E69Ad4DeaF8c65e249
claims to have over 100k in eth, still wants the tip top fucking kek
I'll give you some free advice.
90% bitcoin.
10% what ever the fuck you want.
In case you havnt noticed btc out performs all alts.
I dont even know why i am bothering telling you because I know you wont listen.
Yeah there's a reason I'm doing well.
I'm stingy af.
Every bit helps
>not a larp
Its gonna be tough cause most exchanges have deposit and withdrawal limits
There's some private whale exchanges or private brokers
quick tips for you (dont listen to /biz/tards)alts are fucking memes, technical merits of crypto are fucking worthless, pretending crypto will be used as an actual currency for daily exchanges is a pipe dream that fedora lords parrot, btc performs because normies know what it isBCH took advantage of these fucking retards with a textbook P&D, you can still see occasional threads of these morons looking for opportunities to unload their baggage
inb4 shitstorm