MOMMY YOU SAID WE WERE GOING TO 8K MOMMY PLEASE MOMMY HELP ME MOMMY MOMMY MOMMY MOMMY MOMMY MOMMY MOMMY MOMMY MOMMY MOMMY MOMMY MOMMY MOMMY MOMMY MOMMY MOMMY MOMMY MOMMY MOMMY MOMMY MOMMY MOMMY MOMMY MOMMY MOMMY MOMMY MOMMY MOMMY MOMMY MOMMY MOMMY MOMMY MOMMY MOMMY MOMMY
Can we talk about the real story here - the drop was much more subtle and extended quite a few candles.
Last time it was a 1 minute - $400 drop.
What are the implications of this?
It's called a correction, get on LTC RIGHT NOW AHHHH
thats one hour of data you fucking idiot, it does this shit all day longfucking phoners
I'm a tether bear since the first fork.The only decent decision I've made was buying bitcoin cash when it was 300, but I barely bought any.I legitimately can't take this anymore.100k down the drain, this better be a crash instead of a dip, but I know it won't be.You can't imagine this pain until you've experienced it
You're dumb we get it.
Why would we want to experience being dumb?
Most of the people here believe in btc since way back.
there's no way to understand where it's going if u are a poor little fish like me, blinded and alone ):
Same guy phone postingI'm 19, graduated valedictorian with an 2300 sat and go to a ivy league school.Although this just makes it even more irritating
 hour period is still up 7%-ish... Also LTC is looking pretty good too.
The CEO of FedEx was a C student.PHDs work for him making less money.
4401778Take Warren Buffett's advice.
Walk away.
Seriously, you can call every moon mission.
We dont kick ourselves for missing out on every tech stock that 100x.
You're going to miss them.
If you dont understand an investment, if you have your doubts, just walk away and dont look back.
You dont need to swing at every strike, just hit that one home run.
Following the previous pattern, it's going to fall to $7200-$7400
but m-muh titleslmao
Yeah i wouldn't be surprised, I'll be honest I every time people bought at the ath I thought they were retarded.
Biggest regret of my life so far
If my post number is a palindrome, btc will hit 8k within an hour.
go to a ivy league school.Seems they don't teach grammar in US universities

Thanks for the soothing words, on the positive I still made more money than if I was a bankcuck.
I suppose ill make it since I'm eventually going to actually buy unlike most the normie.I'm not actually snobby in real life, but I'll be honest I'm very used to being the brainboi, and find it hard to deal with the fact that neets shitpost got anal vore wojaks made 1 trillion times better decisions.
Phone posting and can't be bothered to correct it.
Never been good so it though, always been a math cuck