Lmao at crypto virgins thinking they can replace Chad fiat with their bullshit manipulated internet money.
Your delusions of grandeur will soon meet reality.
i'd like my money to lose 2% of its value per year>im okay with having pretend (((fed))) manipulated monies
t. Doesn't really understand what inflation actually is Better than losing 70%, you crypto virgin faggot.
Also imagine having to pay insane transactions fees and wait times.
The big boys are laughing at you crypto virgins and your delusions of grandeur.
Like all of cryptos marketcap in existence isn't even half of apples market cap
high risk, high reward nigger faggot
How much fiat did you buy at the start of this year?
What's it worth now?
inflation isn't hard to understand, the amount in circulation is always going up and up
Currencies aren't supposed to fluctuate in value, the whole purpose of currency is that it's stable and not volatile you moronic nigger faggot, that's why Bitcoin is useless as a currency which means it failed it's purpose and Satoshis vision is dead in the water.
I make money I invest in property, stocks, bonds, etc.
Like the big boys.
Bitcoin will eventually reach a point where its volatility will be so low it won't even matter.Get real faggot do some research before you speak nigger
No shit.
Whats the point of all those virtual coins?We can we do things like actually buying shit with those stuff without having to exchange it for fiat?
Lmao, stupid NEET talking about risk.
hurr durr it will happen one day bro i swear we're still in teh price discovery stage brooit's been a decade nigger faggot.
it's just another failed shitcoin that will meet its end soon.
the crytosphere is full of criminal scammers, beta it autists and virgin NEETs.
the big boys laugh at the stupidity of cryptotards
A lot of people panic sold at 5k huh?
yeah, a $10 note stays a $10 notebut your $10 mcdonalds meal will eventually $20, then $30, then $40... and your $10 is still only $10
No shit.
Whats the point of all those virtual coins?It's been less than a year since the speculation bubble started and these losers are acting like they're expert investors lol.
All bull markets come to an end and cryptotards are going to get fucked over very very soon AND all the big boys know this.
I feel especialyl sorry for the normies who fell for thousands of scam coins that came out (ICOs)
Noo, its gonna be a stable store of value such as Gold or Silver.
And yet it's still better than your cryptoshit garbage, lmao.
Decentralization is one of the biggest memes.
You know who puts muh decentralization at such a pedestal?
Anarchist commie fags, lolbertarian NEETs, criminals and pedophiles who live all their life on the internet.
99% of society doesn't give a shit about your meme decentralization shit they just want a simple working product.
Unfortunately you NEETs are autists and don't understand what society actually wants or needs.
One side says currency the other says store of value none of you cryptotards even know anymore.
The fact is that Satoshi's vision was a deentralized currency.
It became a store of value after it failed as a currency.
The absolute state of cryptotards trying to rewrite hsitory lmao
>lolbertarian NEETs, criminals and pedophiles who live all their life on the internetThis unironically sounds bullish on crypto
I bought 12,000 ethereum back in 2014 try harder faggot now I have fiat and crypto.
You honestly sound like a salty loser.
Stay mad faggot
Salty?
Fuck no.
I got out of crypto last week.
Back to my comfy fiat.
looks like someone suffered a big hit.
keep laughing.
you'll be crying soon tho, pussy
Decentralization isnt shit.
Being deflationary is the big deal.
Big hit?
How?
I sold at ATH you dumb cunt
Youre confusing inflation with money laundering.
The price of bitcoins is going up cause every criminal on the planet is using them to launder money, but look at the price of gold, cause with that starts to rise, youll start seeing real inflation.