what the fuck is the point of life, /biz/?if I have to wagekek for 40+ hours every week for most of the rest of my life, I will want to kill myself.how do you cope?
Dealing with this as well
you don't have to find that you enjoy, just don't hate passionately (most people in trades).idk how anyone in the fast food/ retail industry over the age of 22 hasn't collectively killed themselves yet
work on a new skillsfind a hobbyanything at allI'm trying to improve my skills at work and I'm trying to build a side hustle, will it work out?
who knows, but at least I'm not sitting around waiting to die
Ha but the wage cuck usually is too tire after work to do this.
I do though.
technical analysis has become a hobby for me.
but if I'm working 40+ hours a week I barely have time to do it, unless I could make an actual career out of it.
why do you have no time for it?
you have every weekend, and I know after chores and errands you at least have an hour to kill..I mean shit, what have you done in the past 30 minutes that this thread has been up?
I compare myself to my ancestors who worked harder for less and quit then being am OP level faggot.Also I drink.
idk how anyone in the fast food/ retail industry over the age of 22 hasn't collectively killed themselves yetThis.
I think it's a millennial mindset.
Older generations were for some reason "tougher" when it came to these ridiculous demeaning jobs.
Nobody wants to do that shit and robots can do it.
At the same time, they do have opportunities for promotion.
So if you fucked up in high school, didn't go to college, and you're like 25 with sudden motivation, you could rise up through the corporate ladder and get into the business world with no degree.Other than that glimmer of hope, i don't see why these people don't just go to community college or something and do something more fulfilling
Dealing with this same shit.
Have decent management job where I babysit a team and have to listen to "how can we fix this" shit all day.
Cannot be fucked getting out of bed every day to go there.
Come home with no energy and can't be fucked doing anything else.
You can just not and figure it out, pretty long road though...Akin to someone leaving their home into the wild.
they dogeneralizations the thread
simpleI NEETmy dad pays for everything while I make BTC on the internet so I can be rich in 10 yearslol at wagecucking as a sub Chad.
im 28 with HS education onlyby the time I finished collee i would be too old to get hired anywheremy only hope is that my 21 BTC make me rich in 5 to 10 years otherwise im killing myself
>just start working manual labour job in box factory >finally have money to to finance crypto dreams >ears ringing like fuck after 2 shifts, immediately quit to avoid permanent hearing damage>going to find some other shitty job I can actually tolerate to fund the crypto life >pray I don't lose entire wagecuck savings >tfw crypto is my only ticket to paradise unless being a Walmart greeter is considered "paradise"
if I have to wagekek for 40+ hours every week for most of the rest of my life, I will want to kill myself.
how do you cope?By putting as much of every single paycheck I get into Ark and praying it hits $100+ by next November
earmuffs?
Go to work 40+ hours a week, then do nothing but research about how to multiply your money in your free time.
Its fun.
We're fun.
Had them, still ringing like crazy.
that plant is a lethal amount of decibels enough to drive a man insane
Older generations were for some reason "tougher" when it came to these ridiculous demeaning jobsno they just resorted to drugs and alcohol more frequently and in greater amounts
FUCK OFF THAT IS NOT WHAT THIS THREAD IS ABOUT
how does one even begin to do this though?it seems incredibly difficult, trying to drop out of the system.
Productivity is up and not just because of automotion or computers.
People are working far harder than our predecessors did and if you factor the cost of living and housing we earn less.
I'd just like to say that a degree goes a long way.
Not because it might get you a job, but because committing to something for 4+ years builds character.
In my case it made me more confident in my abilities, my relationships and everything I do in life.Or if you're stuck as a wagecuck at least strive to be a better one by advancing in your career/company, and if you can't advance just move one to something else, just don't gamble your money away in crypto like most of this board does.
Fuck off boomer.
No one wants to go to your wageslave training, liberal indoc centers.
boomerI'm 26
Be present in whatever you are doing at the exact time you are doing it.
The dream of a crypto future keeps me going
The correct answer is killdozer.
Your 21 BTC does make you rich if you have that much.
Wait for btc to go to 14 k cash out your 300k.
Make 7% on normie stocks.
Live at the poverty line off interest
this is true enlightenment