Who here link marine?
I bought at .44 and held.
I know ill be a millionare in 2018 so its okay.
What you guys holding?
I got 166k.
50k, bought at 0.43.
Hurts like a motherfucker.
I have a little over 39k LINKs.> tfw Sergey is the best scammer ever> working with Swift on their SWIFT Smart Oracle> partnered with Cornell's IC3, to help launch the first Intel SGX secured link between smart contracts and external data> selected by the World Economic Forum's Tipping Point report as the "Shift in Action" for Smart Contracts> raised $32m in their ICO> the Director of Engineering at Facebook is one of their advisors > yfw we will all makeHe deserves our money if this is an actual scam (in an alternate universe of course), because he's pretty good at bamboozling.
That's a nice amount.
I have the 18,200 I got in the ICO for the maximum of 7 ETH.
well I bought in at .36 cents, 5k worth.
I sold all of it around 25 cents to jump on that crazy XLM pump.
I bought back in tho now.
i still believe in the project but it sergey is so silent.
i just want some big news.
>tfw when only 5k linkPls don't moon soon, I have to accumulate more.
Same :( I only have 10k.
55k at 40c
Bought 2500 linkies yesterday at 1860 sats.
Up 2%.
Feels good man.
jesus you have 160k?
youre going to have like five million bucks.
lucky fuck
im about there.
we got hit hardest cause we were about to make it.
k.I also have 0.4BTC to play with on other coins, but honestly I'm considering just buying more link.
Lol there really is no cure for this level of delusion
.23 is my number.
Down roughly 35% is my estimate.
I know im going to break even eventually.
Just not totally convinced this thing will ever be worth more than a dollar.
Truth hurts sometimes.
It is what it is.
I am trying so hard to get to my goal, if anyone could send me any link would be great, im getting their but im a poorfag and i wanna make a 1million like you guys, i started with $100 made about $600 and put that on link at 15c-17c, still trying so hard to get more.
Got another $100 to swing trade with so hoping i make abit off that to add to my goal.
But if any well off links could help me out it would be great.
I promise we will stay friends for life and when i make my mill we meet up and have a huge party, what you say?
What changed from since you bought it?
Please brother many you help a link brother out and get me to my goal, just need 7000 more link.
I'd probably suck your dick for it to be honest kek, don't want to have to by i will, I believe it's worth it that much
Fuck off dude, begging al over the place!
Go suck a dick for real, then you get your link money
Idk.
I just dont see it going past a dollar.
One of the most innovative projects at the moment and yet totally ignored.
Something just doesnt seem right.
I cant believe shitcoins like powr get more attention.
Then i keep hearing stuttering money skelly in mind saying its hard to argue this project deserves 32 mil.
go fuck yourself
Ok fair enough dude, as long as it stays at a low price ill get to my goal.
4535154Also how about this, I know of a coin being released in two days but since im pretty new to this I cant find out where to purchase them one the first day.
Im sure it wont be on binance or anything like that but have looked over the site and cant seem to find it.
Im sure this will moon pretty high, can you atleast help me with that and we can make extra cash for more link ;)
Don't worry i live in australia ( regret abit i didnt hold it longer) that shitcoin will dump soon, nothing in australia that is in working process is every quick, it will be a failure mostly likely or some other company will be 10 times better then them, already know of a shitcoin coming out next year just like it bro
Have you ever considered the fact that you have found the next big thing before the masses do?
Haha Jesus Christ you non-deluded pinkies are even worse.
shitcoins like powr get more attentionWhales pump and whales dump shitcoins to make easy money.Instead, whales hodl nonshitcoins.