3.50$ today?
$4
why?
It's not pumping yet I think, just correcting back to 3.50 where it was before BTC pumped and then everyone dumped to go chase the neo moon mission.But yeah this shit is gonna pop off in the next month.. mobile wallets and business entity at 98% will release any minute now.
December should be ark core 2.0 which will allow the completion of arkVM and push button blockchains.
Comfy time to be an arkie..
BTC is building up steam for another run to test the 8k mark were not going to see 4$ anytime soon
Koreans will pump
The big pump is coming next week Arkies
Yepp.
$100 EOY 2018.
Exactly, and after that sky is the fucking limit
why would WAVES 2.0 ever be anything other than a shitcoin
stinky linky detected
How much ark does everyone have?125 here
 here, we are but germs.
Tell me more
And we are over 3,50$ good job
only 160 :((
Mobile wallets, business entity and much other news my nigga
 here, bought at $2,56 so feeling comfy
 Arklet here fml
next target 4$can we do it?
>tfw only 60 ARKAm I the poorest here?W-will I ever make it?
Be honest with me, I'd need ARK to reach ETH levels.
,000 hereI think I'm big fish status

 here
I've been waiting for $4 forever now
700 purchased at 38 cents
Check your privilege.
Lowest I bought at was 2.44.
Only been in crypto for a couple weeks though.
On my way to whale status.
W-will it dip?
yeah its dipping right now
I hope soI need to pick up another 1,000
Only holding 174 ark even though I could buy 1000 worth but nah
$3.50 today.$10 EOY.$100 EOY 2018.$1,000 EOY 2019.$1,500 EOY 2020.
>tfw bought 4k at 19k sats
Anything over 1,000 and you'll make it
define making it.
If it hits $100 by EOY 2018 I would be stoked
That's pretty much my hope as well, I'd define that as making it.
I legit think that this is going to be a $200-$300 coin before 2020, I just want them to hurry up and get a working product so they can focus on marketingWish I had more than 2500 though but at least I'll add more as I get more money in even as the price goes upKorea doesn't matter when the site hasn't been translated into Korean yet
Pretty much dbh
I don't think ark will ever go over $10 except for maybe a major pump and dump.
I'd love to be wrong though.
do you know what ARK plans to do or
Are you dense
not deluded
https://blog.ark.io/ark-desktop-wallet-v1-4-2-released-8e2e51378f5aUpdated desktop wallet is out
Infinite supply is a problem

infinite supply Ark doesn't have an infinite supply though
?
Read this
why is ARK such a fucking hassle to buy, it's only reason I haven't gone into it.
It's only a problem if your intention is to put it in a 3rd party wallet and type HODL until it gets 'hacked' (aka stolen by the wallet devs)The difference with ARK is that this shitcoin is actually going to get used in real life as people move to making ARK their actual bank accounts.
anon reread my post, I know what ARK is planning to do, I was asking him because $10 an ARK is such a low prediction
Anything that's not Bitcoin, Litecoin and ETH is a hassle to buy desu
meh i'm just lazy and was hoping poloniex would add neo/ark at some point.
Opening a Binance account takes like 10 seconds fampai
T H E
just made a bittrex, binance better?
why is ARK such a fucking hassle to buy, it's only reason I haven't gone into it.Yeah, it's annoying.But, unlike 99% of shitcoins, actually holding ARK is as sweet as holding BTC.
Their desktop wallet app, which is very slick, can be linked to a ledger, if you have one.
jesus christ, i havent had to buy new btc in such a long time I forgot how awful this is.
Slow as fuck transactions from exchange to exchange and 10 day waits on coinbase.
Last time i had to buy a btc was 4 years ago.
Ya I hear that.
I don't buy BTC anymore.
I buy ETH.
I find buying BTC fairly easy.
Make a Kraken account and get verified.
Or buy them at an ATM when the fees are very low.
They fluctuate fairly frequently.
I love it when you guys talk about price increase in American dollars.
When I convert it to Dollarydoos its even higher and makes me feel good twice.Once for the American price increase and again for AUD increase.
hnnng
4433413ark actually does have infinite supply.
every 8 seconds a block is forged by a delegate creating 2 ark coins and this never stops or slows down.
this inflation is offset by the staking rewards tho so it doesnt matter too much
25k checking in, hey bros. 7/day staking rewards with biz_private pretty comfy.
You can almost live off that in a lot of parts of the world.
Do you still wagecuck?
Ark is it.
The One.
The coin that will elevate my life to the lofty heights I have always known I am destined for.
A way of living so advanced - so luxurious and secure - that the average human brain cannot even begin to imagine.
I could help them, too.
Tell them to buy Ark right now.
To be the early adopter.
To finally do something to better their pathetic life, to take a chance; to dream.
Allow them, sometime in the future, to boast amongst their mouth breathing, pea brained friends about how obvious the brilliance of Ark was.
To tell the fat, sweaty, steaming piles of garbage they refer to as friends that they knew, well before the magnificent vision, the unrivalled team and the breathtaking tech that is Ark transformed the world, how they knew it was destined for greatness.
But I won’t.
I won’t tell them.
Wont help them out.
Won’t throw them a bone.
A lifesaver.
A way out.
Why?
Because I gain nothing from that.
More importantly, I lose something.
Something big.
I lose the ability, sometime in the not too distant future, when Ark has taken hold of all the blockchains and a new generation of elites have been born, I lose the ability to call them what has become the most offensive, obscene word known to man.I lose the ability to call them a noArkie.
Ark is it.
The One.
The coin that will elevate my life to the lofty heights I have always known I am destined for.
A way of living so advanced - so luxurious and secure - that the average human brain cannot even begin to imagine.I unironically believe thist.
deluded
Purchased 7k ark at $0.19.
Feeling comfy since day 1 and still going.
REEEE you must of sold at least some along the line right?
Actually not a lot, just been keeping em safe for a long hodl.
I dont really care about the gainz i couldve acquired.
Dont have a magical 8ball to tell me the pumps and dumps from moment to moment so i dont really care bout the "missed oppertunities".
Big if true.
So what happened at that conference yesterday?
they ran a train on ur mum fucking niger
56k ark (went all in when it was 70¢) on my wallet and I had my private key written on a paper on my messy desk.I lost the paper..
I'm trying not to panic
What day is the mobile wallet getting released?
I wanna get in before this pops off.
No official date but I'd guess anytime in the next 2 weeks.
The Ark team never gives release dates as a general rule.
I would honestly consider suicide if I lost that much.
Godspeed Anon.
I can't find it.
I can't find it.
MOMMY!
MOMMY!
HELP AHH AAAAAAA
Will ark make it?
I'm starting to like it.
It better because I put more than 3k usd into it since I started crypto last week.
I'm going to try and sell this moon to buy more.
MORE.
MORE ARK.
are you at least still logged into the wallet?
If you give me half I will hypnotize you into remembering where you put it.
Sound good?
too lazy to remember a few letters and numbersyou deserved this anon
No, which is why I needed it.I'll give you 10%
i havent joined one of the groups yet like "biz classic" but how much ark payout do you actually get?
is it relatively small amount?
like lets say you have 1000 ark, how much would you getfrom your delegate from payouts on a monthly basis?
IT'S IN THE WASHING MACHINE ANON
Theres a calculator on the faucet that tells you exactly how much you get.
For 1000 you get a bit over 0.1 a day
Wow just changed the theme on my ark wallet and now its a black screen that won't change back.
If I didnt have my key backed up I would have lost everything.
I can't see this exchange listed on coin marketcap senpai.
currently you would need at least 4367 ARK just to beat the 1.1 ARK fee for getting a daily payoutMeaning if you want ARK gain every day you'd need MORE than that just to see a profit.
This can be offset by switching to weekly or monthly though, which is recommended.
Do all of you actually believe ark will be 100$ someday or is it just memes?
What backing do you have for this kind of thought process if not memes?
Fuck mate, I only have 2k and I've backed that shit up in four different places, and on two different mediums.
ArkVM
I'm nearly all in and things have a weird way of working our for me.And ark has the best threads.
Mines all sitting on bittrex and will be until that mobile wallet is finally released.
So what... Should I buy my first ark at this price?
3.17 ish?
Yes
Is it just me or do you get the feeling that Ark holders have something in common?A "we're going to make it together" kind of bond.
It won't get much lower than this, the volume is really low so the amount of people who sold because of BTC rising must be wearing thin.
Yeah totally.
We should fuck.
Do you look cute in a skirt?
This got me all jacked up
The fee is 0.1 Ark, not 1.1 Ark.
Only 260, feels fucking bad man.
Do I all in this shit?
W-will it dip sub $2 again?
Sub $2?No.Sub $3 is very possible though, I wouldn't buy in right now but be sure to this week.
Just hit $3.40
Why wouldn't you move it to the wallet and stake it?
Transaction fee is 0.1 (going down soon).
that was me ayyy
It won't pay out til you have 1.1 pending anyway, so even if you leave it daily and not monthly (why), you don't need 'at least' 4367.
Well that's pretty shit, I want go go a lot deeper but don't have the capital :( At least not without liquidating my other crypto.
.
Please end me.
I'm adding more money but waiting for the transaction to clear.
Wish I could buy straight ARK like with BTC or LTC.
so uh what happens when I vote for a delegateI voted for that jarunik guy
Depends on who the delegate is.
The top 51 delegates get to mine, they then choose whether or not to give out some of their rewards to their voters and how much.If you're not fussed just vote for anyone that seems to hold their top 51 spot and that people like, otherwise go find out the difference between each.It's really not a big deal though, you get rewards for making sure the blockchain keeps moving properly based on your wallet contents, just hoard Ark and hope it goes big.
If you have any ETH, sell at $400 and put it into Ark
why jarunik when he only pays 80% which is among the lowest paying delegates lol
I voted for that jarunik guy
voting for the guy who just reduced his payouts by 5% You're not the brightest bulb in the bunch are you?
hes making a comebackI have faith in himhell flip I tell u
Well, here's hoping ETH moves up faster than Ark.
ETH would be the safer long term bet though because it's backed by retarded rich companies instead of NEET autists.
chart looks juicy, i see some consolidation between 42-43 and then we'll moon over 45k sats and beyond
What does this even mean?
He'll flip and start paying you 90% like all the other delegates?
NEET autists were the original Ethereum supporters though.
They didn't gain traction for like two years
ETH succeeding would make ARK more popular.
4441816I hope so, though I hope I can load up on more before that happens.
You and I both.
Reminder:  
Help an new Arklet out ok guys?
Need 1 Ark to start vote.Send to AHhCimXH9bUjPJmcBHqwtsB58Xms6pzxtQ
No begBut if you’re serious, post time stamped butthole
Good morning arkies.
How does it feel knowing that in 6 months you're going to be rich ?
Feels bad knowing I'm not going to be rich.
I need to arkumulate more but my lunch money doesn't get me far.
Feels good man.
I have a concern about the mobile wallets though, Apple has been a dick lately about allowing cryptocurrency wallets on the app store.
Do you think this will be an issue for Ark?Them becoming a legal business entity at the same time as the mobile wallet release is probably so they can work around that.
6 monthsIf it's looking that good in 6 months I'm not selling til 2021.
>tfw sub 1k ark Not going to make it senpai, live a good life for me
Also have sub 1k but accumulating till 10$, those numbers will look small in a year
Imagine having 900 ETH, anon.