I sold req, want to start daytrade.
what is today picks that can give me 10-20%.
chainlink
I thought its just 2-3% swing in a day.
that will be even with binance fees?
You should've waited until friday update, they will probably announce the release date of Colossus.
GVT but thats more of a holding coin.
For some trading maybe QST.
The volume and volatility are there but i wouldnt be surprised to see a hard dump soon.
HST
Day trading 1011.
Set up account2.
Buy bitcoin3.
Trade bitcoin for shitcoin4.
Watch BTC moon while shitcoin plummets.5.
#rekt6.
Post pink wojaks or suicide Pepe on /biz/Bizlets never learn
unironically bitcoin cash.
couldn't care less about the politics bullshit, but jihan club is going to pump it hard one way or another.
be a bitcoin maximalist>hodl that shit for YEARS for a measly x10 return>cry when it plummets all the way back to pre-hype levels at the end of the year>meanwhile a random low marketcap shitcoin does a x20 in a matter of days
its already nearing 1300$, is it good time to buy bch now?
brilliant and true
whi the fuck work in thanks giving and black friday.
there wont be any announcement shit this week.
i think it's likely that it will reach at least $3k.
the best time to buy was up to 6 hours ago desu, but imo this is still a decent entry.
just don't go all in.
don't daytrade anon.
Tradingbot and seasoned traders will rape you.
then how to increase my tiny stack.
my shitcoins are going down.
XMR has been on a moon mission.
I only have 3 because I don't want to sell my NEO's
Fuck this guy, don't fall for this scam-coin
They’re based on Germany.
Team works 7 days a week of streamlined kraut efficiency
Hodl
AST quietly jumped up 30% and is now going back down.
Did someone here cash in on this?
Go all in on XMR untill the BTC drama is over.If you got a tiny stack you won't make much, but are not going to get wreckt.When BTC goes bust because of all the drama, your shitcoins will get raped.
It's safety first now.
After the crash there is a lot of money to be made.
Stay patience.
>https://www.nytimes.com/2017/11/21/technology/bitcoin-bitfinex-tether.html
C-confido
said shitcoin goes to zero and you have to sleep in the gutter while Jamal helps your gf put in a lightbulb
fuck off...I entered 1300, now it dropping.....aaaaaaaaa AAAAAAAAAAA.....what the fuck now?
bag hold
I said this in another post, but yeah.
Blocktix and ZRX are great short term holds that can get you 50% if you hold them for maybe a couple weeks.
Check out the coinmarketcap
This is the only good advice here.
Can easily get your target in a day or two, I would hold for a few weeks and let the dumb money start to FOMO on it
Ride the QSP train for 2x gains by tomorrow night.
Go with your gut.
Does this guy seem trustworthy to you?
>sold REQahahahhaha already mooning, thanks op
XRP seems like a good buy right now