tfw Bitcoin already has the infrastructure and the flippening will never happentfw I told you sotfw when bitcoin crash is tainted forever as a pump and dump coin
BITCOIN CRASH
PAJEETS!!!
NEVER FUCK WITH BITCOIN
Bch going up again kek, this was a pump and dump that spiralled out of control top fucking kekekekek
dead cat bounce
Hasn't broken .3BTC since that dump, I wouldn't hold my breath
people are panic trading right now LMAO
CRASHING NOW 1600
 Yeah bitcoin can't possible fail, just like Clinton couldn't lose, the titanic was unsinkable and the Hindenburg wasn't a death trap.
Fucking shills.
I don't really BCH either but bitcoin must die so that the market can finally come to it's potential.
Remember this day, one of the biggest fight nights in crypto historypredictable but epic
Trading vaction right now is INSANE
Another crash for bitcoin crash is forming
Rising wedge pattern for bitcoin crash
I wonder how many bought bch at 2700
corejews are going nuts again
But in all seriousness, sorry for all of you who fomoed into bch, you won't make it in crypto land
tfw you are bitcoin
FINALLY GOING BELOW 1600 AGAIN
MASSIVE DUMP BELOW 1500 NOW
Bitcoin going ATH
Below 1400Just keep tumbling you piece of shit
btc = hillarybch = trumpnobody thought we could win, but just you wait and see you fucking disgusting corporate corrupt fucks
quick question:I could've made thousands over the past couple days but only made $75 because my sell order for BCH filled while I was sleeping a couple days ago (I was trading those sweet sweet swings).
How do I prevent this from happening in the future?
Set a stop loss instead?
Or simply swing only what I'm willing to miss out on?
typical socialist, hates money stay poor
hey anonit's going up again :3
dead cat bounce after dead cat bounce
btc is the centralized statist coin you fucking retardbch is the libertarian alternative
this is not what dead cat bounces look like, retard
keep shilling your shit, spend your life doing unproductive shit why don't you
hmmso just like Trump bch owners will hate China?I suppose that works
are you talking about BTC?
Obviously a lie lol
BTC rallying like so fkn hard right now, while crash-shit crashes.
I SWORE NOT TO GO TO BED UNTIL REDEMPTION BEGAN.Oh so many crashcon traitors getting their shit pushed in.THEY TRIED TO TAKE A SHOT AT THE KING.I'm going to bed now, comfy af in my BTC long.
this is what a crash looks likeIT'S FREEFALLING WHILE TRYING TO FLIP ITS FEATHERLESS ARMS
IT IS PATHETIC
enjoy your centralized kikecoinoh wait, you wont be able to for much longer