Umm, sweetie... why did you buy those altie-faulties again?
That's one comfy morning I'm having :)
Muh chain deathMuh end of btcMuh btc investors will lose everything in the flippeningMuh tether conspiracyMuh satoshi’s visionMuh coffeeMuh flippeningMuh btrash
up by 2.5%>mooningFucking newfags get off this board
Exactly there will be plenty alts that will 2x after this whole btc fomo run dies off.Do you really see btc hitting 16k by the end of the year?
Unlikely.Smart money is picking up cheap alts right now in preparation
Shitcoin won't go down more than it goes up>Losing everything on some random shitcoin
An Ozymandias quote is REALLY not what we want from The One True Coin you illread mongoloid
Everybody knows about Ozymandias you twat.
It makes the pic even better because the blatant hubris really weasels its way into shitcoiners' anuses making them especially butt-hurt.
You've directly linked Ozymandias' hubris with BTC hubris.
Why would you do that?
I'll tell you why: either you haven't the foggiest notion what you're talking about, or your a cashie agent trying to subvert the One True Coin.You've been rumbled, you've been found out.
I've got your number.
BEGONE!
Give it a fuckiing rest you retard.
Even if your alts moon, they will never recover to summer levels.
Stop kidding yourself by looking at fiat value.
Everything is worth half its value in btc.
Just fucking hold btc.
How hard is that?
Monero, ETH and LTC should have daggers in hand, waiting to strike and unseat BTCBCC should be marked as a shitcoin in the last row.
>"Et tu, Ether?"
But all the alts I'm holding were all cheaper in summer?
I'm not holding fucking shitcoins faggot.Like I'm going to take your advice anyway, I can almost guarantee you have a 4 digit portfolio and joined during the btc fomo in the past month and now think you actually understand how the market works.
eth pictured as a shitcoinLel
I fucking love that little faggot one
>wow 2.5%
>eth @ 362>bought 170 eth @ 11 usd last year.Keep coping sweetie
We got in alts because bitcoin is a fucking dinosaur and doesn't do shit.
It can't even be a currency right which is why BCH is knocking hard on its door.
It will all come down soon, BTC.
BTC isn't a currency duh its a 'store of value' I mean ponzi, I mean a 'good' investment...
% in 2017
i'm mirin so fucking hard
Poor nocoiners like you eat up all the shit Ver and his advocates come up with.
I have made multiple bitcoin trasnactions at 0,4$ fees with less than hour for confirmations.
You losers really have no idea what you are talking about and believe everything you read, including what I just said.