Hey guys, anyone have a good comprehensive link to learn how to daytrade in the crypto market?
My portfolio is getting some size thanks to NEO so i figure its time to learn
bump
No, but its simple.
Crypto is rigged by exchanges and whales.
Just buy when things get dumped and sell when they are pumped.
You can just see from the charts which coins or tokens do it on a regular basis.
The main rule is SET IT AND FORGET IT.
You can guarantee with most coins it will rise or fall to the levels it has in the past.
People lose money mainly from watching charts all day and panic buying and selling.
Just pick a trade for the day, set a buy or sell and don't look until the evening.
Blockfolio is great for setting alerts so you know the second you buy or sell so you can go and set up a buy/sell order for then it pumps or dumps again.
>Study the charts till you see a pattern>buy low and sell high>set it and forget itThe only problem with this is sometimes coins really do moon because of IRL news and you miss the boat or the opposite and they crash into oblivion never to return and you are left holding bags.Bags are only a problem if the coin is genuinely dead.
even if you have a 50% loss and you think the coin will recover it is fine.
As long as the coin is dropping in price still or fluctuating you can sell and rebuy for a lower price.
you will still be increasing your stack of that coin/token so when it does moon again you will make even more money.
IF it moons again.It is all a gamble at the end of the day.Also, buy LINK.
Not for trading but a long-term hold.
You can flip/day trade it too to increase your stack but that's a keeper IMO.
ALIS too.
Practice day trading with something cheap like XLM or even dogecoin so you can get used to flipping large amounts and accounting for trade fees and stuff.
XLM is a good one but it only really fluctuates enough for day trading on the pump and dumps.
It is currently in the dump and should hit 465 satoshis soon or lower.
There are probably better coins to day trade on but I am sure you will find what you like.Happy hunting!