Bitcoin Gold, BTG, you heard that right BITCOIN fucking GOLD.
Is currently priced at 1,200 USD on bithumb.comhttps://www.bithumb.com/Does anyone have an idea why other than korea?
How do I claim my bitcoin gold without getting replay jewed?
no idea, we need a fucking korean to arbitrage this shit.
I've got 2 high volume accounts.
I can pull 100k out of each in 1 day.
We could make some serious dough if we had a korean.
it just now got listed.. korea is either heavily overvaluing this coin or maybe they value it higher because of mining.. idk.. i picked up 2 btg at .047 hope i dont pink wojak myself
Move the BTC from your original BTC address to your exchange or other wallet before moving the claimed BTG from the same address.
That way, if someone tried to replay your BTG transaction on the original BTC chain, it will be invalid.Ok now answer this: how can I check my BTC address on the BTG chain?
There was a checker on the btg site but it looks like it's gone now.
Really don't want to have to go download the wallet before finding out if I sold before the actual fork or not.
well its still mooning on binance lol.
seems like a good decision to buy.. this is crazy bitthumb listing is not a joke
i sent my bitcoin gold to bithumb..it never arrive after 20 minsi think i got scammed..dont trust it.
I wanna make big cums all over her
hopefully you didn't send your btc as well
it was fucking suspcious cuz for every other coin, u have to press button to create the wallet but for BTG, the wallet already was created when i made the account...the fuck?
bitthumb is legit exchange.
if ur in crypto u should know the wait is long sometimes.. especially right now its being traded like crazy on bitthumb.
relax for an hour.
theres no way to track transactions for BTG is there.. ... ...
dumping.
hope you all got out in time
Bought 0.5 Btg at 0.049 from bittrex.
I 1 it and wait for it.
I am low on cash and that was me all in.
So either I double the moany or loose it.
What do you think will be more likely.
I FUCKNG LOST $200 THANKS OP
 Buy high sell low> OP's fault
Never forget that this team of geniuses enriched themselves with 100,000 BTG and are still earning through fees.Disgusting
It just went down.
To 0.040 .
Sold at 0.042 .
Funny is this lost me the gains I had from holding Btc for a week.
Few trades like this And I 'll just still to fucking holding Btc and that s it
Thats the same shit that happened on HitBtc the day it was listed on Bittrex.
Nobody could move it to Bittrex who was trading at 2X the price.