I just went all inThe Monero project is beautiful, and if you look at crypto as a currency, BTC and XMR are top 2.
You can actually pay with it online.I don't want it to moon, but I believe it's the safest option when Bitcoin dips.It was the first currency I traded BTC for, and I didn't get disappointed.Tell me your XMR stories, /biz/.
moved 25% to Monero few days ago, comfy
went from 25% to this at the bottom of the dip, feels fucking great.especially with how bad I had been getting rekt trying to time things lately monero is love, monero is life
>high market cap coin x goes +40% in 1 week>decide to go all inClassic /biz move/trap all over again.
Reading this board is just comedy.
i fucking love monero and will end up buying some on principle, but i think ARK has more growth potential, so im keeping the majority of my assets in there.imo if XMR ever gets a good mobile app or a decent windows gui it will become many times more popular
not a bad choice.The old owner of thepiratebay or wikileaks i forgot which has a ton of IT services you can buy with xmr.
anonymous domain hosting and server hosting for one.
l̸̸͉̾̎͊̍̄̈̐̀o̧̠̬̟ͬͧl͍̭̖̬̹͓̺ͬͨ̆ͩ̐͜ͅ ̣͇͕͙̯̦ͬ̎̑ͅo̳̠͐ͤ̆̽n̠̮̜̞̬͕̈̾ͅͅl̶̨͕̟̝̙̬ͮͯͨ̃͐͛͞y̶͍̌̔͆ͮ ̣̖̖̜͍̿̍͑r͕̖̔e̶̙̻̖̖͉̒t̳̠̭̦̩͎̹̦ͯ́͑̄̋̓̿͝a̼̟͓͚̜̥͉̙͊́ͅr̨͉̫͉̠͍̼ͮ͛͝d̗̦̝̫͍̦ͤ̇̈͛ͬs̸̨̼̫̠̯̗͇ͨ̀̚͡ ̧͕̩͇͗̄ͫ͝g̨̤̯͖̟͓̬̫ͩͮ̽͘ͅo̵͈͕̻ͯ̌ͩͤ̓ ̢̙͇̝̞͚̙̯ͤ̿ͩͬ̎ͬ͂͢à̡͓̖͉̖͚̭̬͉ͮ̐̚̕l̥̳̟̗̞̗̈̑̊̓̔͂ͅl͔͙̩̱̼͙ͮͭͣͬ͂́ͨͧ͟͢ ̴͎̭͇̯̯̀̑ͣ͑̕i̻̙̩̫̞̓́ͭ͂̂̀ͩͨͅn̸̹̳̯͖ͣ ̹͔ͦ̒̃̀͒͗͂̕ö̯̜͙̮͚̳͖̣̒̂̋̽̍̇́͞n͙͗ͧ̏ͨ͞ ̡̜̳͉̭̱̠̫̮ͣ̿̃͠ͅa̸̪̳̝ͪͬn̶͇͈̹ͤ͢y͕͓̠͐ͬ̌̉͗̾̑̂͝t͕̒h̩͗̌ͩͤͭͣ̒̔͛͡ḯ̛̮̪̟̻ͤ͗͑͊̊ͨ͡n͙͙̪͓̹̮̐ͬ͒ͣ̋͘͞g̹͉̹̉̑͂̒̀ͪ!̸̼͍͚̺̣͖̭̬ͦ͐ ̵̹͈̯̣̭̖̏͒ͨ͋̃͂̈́͐̾͡<͙̦̩̣͚͈͍͋͋͗͛̔̃͛͑̀͘ͅ3̜̤̯̬̠͈ͬ̀̊͡͝ ̴͔͙͍͌̽ͪ͒<͇̮͚̇̔͢͞3̧̖̦̻̌́͒̄̈́ ̢̛͖̝̪̋́̽ͪ̏̌̎ͧ<̰̞ͦͭ̎͛͌̃ͫ̉ͅ3̦̣̤͔͔̯̆̂͊̄ͪ͒͢͞ͅ
congrats on getting the timing right this timecan you think ahead more than 1 week?yeah the good thing is, even if its price goes down I'll still feel comfy having my XMR :)didn't know that, but proves my pointno risk no fun ;)
XMR is nice in the privacy community.
I think you can buy those new open source Linux phones which is cool
All-in Monero and Ada.
Tfw you go all in on monero when it was $45
Invested ~200k in it (mining hardware).
Pumping at 2.3 mh/s.
Really liked the project so went pretty hard in for it.
Great community, and shuns the crazy traders.
unlimited supplyNo thanks.
he doesn't want a crypto-currency that can grow big enough to replace USD because it will not have rampant deflation
lol its okay monero is going to 1000+ with or without you.
Monero is so incredibly far ahead of any other crypto when it comes to the code and research behind it
lol thats like 6 months ago kiddo
Stable $200 by end of 2017
All you need to knowZcash morr like zTRASH
People are trying to short this despite none of the previous shorts closing.
A bunch of people are gonna get force liquidated trying to chase "easy money"
Went all in long ago.
I'm not sure I'll ever cash out; maybe I'll take a cool 2 grand out to help with living expenses, but I just don't see this thing failing long term.
Supply is not "unlimited" you fuckin retarded autist.
It trails off to the point that the block reward will barely be able to keep up the number of burned, lost, destroyed coins.
At that point any supply increase will be small, and more likely that supply will slowly shrink
i use monero when i want to buy something.
neo is an investment brainlets
can you think about entry point and cost of opportunity?
I'm actually honestly baffled why it's growing THIS quickly.
If it keeps the pace it's going to murder Bitcoin in a few years.
>Tell me your XMR stories, /biz/.Mined 3XMR, sold em at 82USD just before the last pump
bitcoiners have a really hard time understanding this concept
kys reddit writing
out of curiosity, does anyone here feel even the tiniest bit bad that the reason monero's so popular/going up in value is that it's useful for drug dealing
Your goverment makes money with War/Stealing whats the diffrence?
Retard
I'm sure glad I didn't buy bitcoin after it went up 40%.
Never buy high market cap coins!
Resistance at $125, if we go past that resistance at $150 and then again at $200, right?Do you guys sell off your monero at these resistance levels and buy back a little cheaper?
it broke 125 today....
Slightly, then back down, lots of sellers at that point.
Hence, resistance.
I was all in on monero, just moved 25% to ZEN
bought 25 at 38?
48?
Cant remember
XVG over Monero all day, only faggot neckbeards use Monero
"Monero" worst name ever, sounds like a shitty $1,500 car manufactured in Mexico.
muh wraith protocol
4275729
"La Moñero"
Infinite coin supply
Well for starters I was one of the very few people mining it on launch day.It was never cheap, and a lot of people who were there from the start certainly have much less than you'd think.
balls deep in monero, so far so good.
if monero goes to 1000 dollars at current supply that would place it at 15.3 billion and change, only about 4 billion higher market cap than bitcoin cash, and still would only be half of ethereum.
everyone is gambling and this is a way safer bet than most if you aren't super short term
Why in the hell would XMR go to $1000 a coin?
x10?
XVG all day
Monero is arguably the third most popular coin behind ethereum and it serves a real purpose unlike most of these shitcoins.
We will see it at $1000.
It's just a matter of when.