CHAINLINK IS GOING UP!!!
FINALLY!
rent free
It's not going up idiot, we are mooning in 2018
4519601
Well it's down from when I checked three hours ago so sorry if I'm not impressed
it's just a little bump you tardenjoy your dead coin
Is it time to go back in on chain link yet?
kindly fuck off
these fucking pajeets...i swear to fucking god.
go drown in your shit ocean.
Wow.
Awesome.
It went up yesterday and I cashed out.
Only lost $10.
Bastard coin.
It won't go anywhere.
Any fucking proof of a working product?And I dont fucking mean a github repo of a json parser
how bout i send u nudes of ur mom instead faggot
Not yet.
They need to finish reviewing resumes before they can think about releasing code.
Please do, that would be the first time anyone associated with chain-link actually acomplished what they promised
When did Rory say this?
Any fucking proof of a working product?lol plenty:https://www.coindesk.com/swift-completes-blockchain-smart-contracts-trial/https://www.sibos.com/conference/conference-programme/bridging-dlt-and-swift-messaging-smartcontractcom-innotribe-industryhttps://treasury-management.com/news/1024/poc-of-swift-smart-contract-trade-w-5-financial-firms.htmlhttps://create.smartcontract.com/#/contracts/317764c5bf532e8b33572b6e77ae2133etc.
etc.
etc.Do at least 5 minutes of research next time you want to ask easily verifiable questions like that.
I think it was 2 days ago.
Irrelevant, since basically he didn't say shit.
What if he comes out of the crypt again in December and says "We need 2 more months to review some CV's"... And if he announces some major partnerships, it will be "priced in".
Name one promise they haven't accomplished.
I havent seen 17c LINK in a long time.Feel much comfier now
>be me 25 yr old> be multimillionaire in 3 to 5 years>In Chain Link we trust
Should I buy my linkies from Binance or EtherDelta?
First time coiner here.
Are these exchanges safe?Gonna stick them in an airgapped wallet straight away when I get them and hold.
binance, you'll lose all your link using delta
use binance to avoid messing up your order on ED
mfw all the fags in this thread don't realise it's a real project
Well I have 18 ETH and want to hodl it.. thinking about transfering 1 ETH to LINK just for shits n giggles though so I can be apart of the group.. Whatdya think?
Best to wait.
The pump is over - it will begin its inexorable decline again soon, just as it has done for the last weeks.
You'll be able to get a much better entry point.