
not so silent now
true.
Ahhhhhhhhhhh I have 250000 IOTAS.I did it!!!!
Im on the yellow brick road!!
!>Cant wait to have a lambo
250000Good job anon, we did it
just silent to you...they have news coming out every few days and bout to be on bittrex...
hey /pol/ faggots where's your GOD now
First time I honestly regret not buying more...
I had no clue wtf it is but I heard it used something different than blockchain so I thought it be a nice hedge if all the BTC shit fails and bought in on the dip with like €50,- FAK!
Bout fucking time really..
I hate bitfinex
>silently uses a central coordinator for handling transactions>silently gets hacked because they're using an unsafe, untested hash function
this.
biggest shit ever
IOTA foundation is still holding onto thousands of people's money >=(
>silently invades Europe>builds more mosques
Explains the PUMP and DUMPByteball is all that IOTA wants to be, yet fails at due to incompetent high-school level developers.
Silently balance remains at 0
Not only a partnership with Bosch, an actual brick-and-mortar joint office opened in Chicago.
Bosch, the biggest producer on the docket for self driving vehicles.
Iota, the instant, feeless currency designed for micotransactions and communications between IOT devices including: self driving vehicles.But tell yourself whatever you need to, anon.
250000The only problem with iota is I never know what units, is this 250kMi aka 250Gi?And i-is 8Gi enough to for a ticket to L-l-lamboland?
this shit is going to become bitcoin 2.0 it is literally the perfect crypto currency.
ZERO transaction fees INSTANT transfers... i mean this is everything we need to see crypto actually be used to buy a coffee.
Bittrex is worse than bitfinex in every single way Bittrex bends over for the sec, bitfinex tells Americans to fuck off because they want nothing to do with sec
be used to buy a coffeeAgree, fuck the IoT noise.
We just need a spendable currency.
trex is in the usa, finex is in taiwan... they don't have to care what the sec says or does but trex does
Inshallah brother