What now anons?
Not much time left...which direction are Jihan & Friends taking us, north or south?
North, for one last blow out going-away party, a masterful exit scam come to fruition
Here's some free TA, I usually charge $250/hour for this.
Downward decline at lesser slope than middle rise, first decline at faster equal slope.
Looks like the inflection points have minimal modality.
There isn't a down hammer before the 3rd red candle which indicates the cross pattern lightly.
Few stabilization points, and no record portrayal.
Clear cut lack of resistance.It's gonna drop 50%.
Get out.
When should I sell?
Or should I hodl
I know some of them concepts and you sound like a smart ass nigga so I just sold all my BCH
You sound like a punch phrase retarded pajeet fuck.
"faster equal slope" is the most idiotic thing I've read today.
minimal modality>down hammer>cross pattern>record portrayalgo back to investopedia this isnt how biz trades
thanks, im never touching that chinkcoin again
Actually if you check the bonger skidmarks you'll see that the volume coefficient is wibbling past the convergence vertex.
The proceeding four vertices are at 1.2, 1.21, 1.28, and finally the apex vertex of 1.402.
This is further reinforced by the Chester's Box (on six hour scale) with strongly increasing quinticity.It's gonna moon.
Get in now.
4296238So wait who am I supposed to believe here?
These are some strong arguements for both sides.
Do i buy, sell, or hold?
not using the time dilation index to crosscheck your bonger skidmarks
t. pajeet
This.
Well said.
You confirmed my analysis I took my 30% profit
My fucking sides.
Hahah such a faggot
i get it
This guy knows his shit.
Sell now.
They're both right until they aren't, i.e.
Schrodinger's cat.
ahahahahahahahahaahah$250/h and he doesn't even use the bonger skidmarks./biz/ 1professional pajeet stock trader 0
This post is a meme goldmine
Too bad your gay as fuck TA don''t mean shit in this fuck hole BTC crashing BCC rising get rekt cunt
 Fucking kek
Just bought 100k USD worth (srs)Lets go niggers
reverse head and shoulders incoming r-right
4295541
If it can break 0.147 then it's time for another pump.
If it goes below 0.140 again then hold onto your butts it's gonna get bad
>Below 0.140 on BittrexLet's see how the fun times go
balls hanging off the cliff right now
Russian miners to begin liquidating.
We're going to 1.3k in the next six hours.
Watch.
Huh??
Liquidating mined BCH>Price goes upU w0t m8
they'll liquidate btc to pick up bch derp
I can't stop laughing
4296546No.
Liquidating their BTC for BCH.Come on guys.
MFW exchanges are beginning to add BCH as a base currency
Dump now, buy back in 6 hours
BCH pairs coming soon to poloYou didn't hear it from me

Someone saved the picture I just posted, even giving it the same filenameFeels weird man
https://twitter.com/tradesatoshi?lang=enFirst the shitty exchanges, then the larger ones which fear they'll lose market share if they don't follow.It's happening.
I'll just post what I posted in the other thread>Small exchange is thinking (but really just putting a vote of interest up which doesn't show complete confidence) about carrying BCH because it will bring more people to their small exchange and BCH is hot right nowWowwie
0.13999999 now, sell n thank me later
OLDFAGBIZTARD SAID SOUTH.
ARE YOU STUPID OR JUST BLIND AND CANT READ?
WHAT.
THE.
FUCK.
Oldfagbiztard; retired MILTEL.
A real life Reddinton.
Right again, as always.
A body just washed up under the Golden Gate.
There were some BCH purchase reciepts in his pocket.
IT'S PAMPING AGAIN ??
?