Is BCH done?
Doesn't look gone to me dawg.
Its going to bear its way back to 300.
just look at the amount of fud on this board right now.
it should tell you the answer you seek.
this is far from over
FUD>Literally dumped from 0.42 to 0.22 (admittedly came at the same time Bithumb went down)>Bithumb coming back up with a majority of the volume wasn't able to bring it back up at all>On a clear downturn with a BCH difficulty adjustment about to happen in less than two hoursOkay
WHERE ARE THE PUMPERS???
I'M GOING BROKE FUCK THIS SHIT
fucking dumping aaaaa
Don't sell idiots.
fuckkkk this bch fucking PnD us
Just sold up.
I'm 35% down today through this bitch.Bought twice at peaks when I thought it was on the way up.
Fml.
ROGER PUMP THIS FUCKDIFFICULTY ADJUSTMENT IS IN 2 HOURS, IF YOU DONT PUMP ITLL FUCKING DROP!!!
WAITING FOR YOU
starting to think they gonna let this shit crash before pumping it again with the force of ten thousand gooks
MoneySkelly should have a communist hat on
So no matter what happens it's all according to plan and will work out for you?
please just let it go back to .225 so i can sell without loss and never look at this coin again
I got in bch at 263 today, rode it to 281, then back down to 180, then up to 281, and now to 211.the fuck is this
just hodl, you'll regret selling.
coordinated 3k
what the hell is a communist hat
when?
Highest value in the next 24h predictions?
.32
This PnD scam is over.
Enjoy your bags
I am not enjoying them AT ALL
.2 breached again
This lets rage buy and sell this back down to 300
whatever it is now
alsoAAAAA
Can someone ELI5 me what will happen when BCH's difficulty jump 400% in an hour?Does that mean that it will be more difficult to mine BCH, and miners will leave BCH for BTC?
What about the BCH fork on Monday?Will these factors affect the price?
everyone who bought a week ago is in profit, so sell until 700$?
Pump and dump is over boys, move along!
When asia wakes up.
Its clear right now only late bagholding muricans are selling.
In the morning it will pump since none of the money has mpved back to btc.
Some smart ones bought dash before bed knowing it would gain instead but its only a distraction.
People have moved their btc to exchanges and are ready to lose a lot of money.
thats exactly what is going to happen in a few minutes.
Little faggots will lose their money because they thought they would earn easy money without troubles.Bitcoin will preserve :) Good luck to you all trying to sell your crash
Its clear right now only late bagholding muricans are selling.China (on the Korean exchange) still has the most BCH volume
guys redpill me on the BCH difficulty.
when is it?https://fork.lol/according to (**) on there it says btc will be 2.85x more profitable
That means in the next hour, BCH's price will more likely to dump because miners will mine BTC, right?
in 45 minutes
It's double what I bought it at and stable
that's what i'm assuming, though if I were a miner i'd be moving now
BCC moon resuming
it's creeping up for whatever reason, been doing it all day.
shit volume
WHY IS BCH MOONING AGAIN THIS IS BULLSHIT I OPENED HUGE SHORT POSITION IM GOINNG TO KILL MYSLEF NOW
if this pattern is true, then it's going down
We are in a no trading zone.
You will be liquidated just because Roger Ver pressed a button on a whim.
Fucking retard.
Everyone who tried to panic sell BTC is realizing how bad the user experience is.
Impossible to send BTC from your wallet to an exchange because every transaction gets stuck
because youre a fucking dumbass and whales are still going to pump BCH today and into the eveningbitch boy go kill yaself
Everyone who tried to panic sell BTC is realizing how bad the user experience is.>Implying most normies don't have their BTC on an exchange already
keeping your "store of value" on an exchange
I never said it was a smart move, I'm just saying the majority won't have even needed to move their BTC
because theyll be STUCK HOLDING EMPTY BAGSLMFAOCOREKEK WILL DIE WITH COREKEK BTC
How is BCH still not sub $1200 and why is BTC bleeding all the time after its victoryFuck this, I'm not going to sleep with either currency, I'm going back to fiat
Everyone is admiting that BTC is useless.
Nobody is using it and people just want it go get pumped
Well, short-term what BCH did efficiently was to undercut BTC's credibility.
what's the fastest coin?
Doge, not even kidding.
Because it is on most exchanges
or just park in some safe alts and show a middle finger to this shitshow
too bad you would have to sell at a loss
If you use BTC to transfer you have to pay 20$ in fees first, thats a loss already in my opinion
All bubbles burst.
All currencies eventually fail.
lmfaoand you COREKEKS still think this is going to be THE ONE AND ONLY Bitcoin LMFAOhigh fees = unusuable
BUY THE DIP this is the last chance to get BCH so low, it's gonna be 0.5 tomorrow
fuck this and fuck this day, uneventful fork, no pump, gonna keep holding this bitch and hoping for a pump
this is an attack to pump bch
Kinks will try to pump it one more time at least if enough dumb money is available
Trusting a currency where attacks like this are easily possible>Having a fundamental issue of people doing small transactionskek