Who else got JUST'd with BCC, post your sob story:>bought at .35i-it's coming back right?
Save us Roger!
Guys you need to buy Bitcoin cash now, you can still get like 4 bitcoins for your old CoreSegwitJewCoin if you catch my drift.
Please, I went in all on 0.26 and belive in the floppening, thanks for showing me the light biz it really made me think and even the logo is green so it can only go up.
Just get some Bitcoin cash guys you got the pole position in buying it before the "normies" have to get in at a 2:1 ratio, yes 2:1 you will see so if you wanna be rich get in now
>scalping all day>went from 0.31 btc to 0.47>got drunk left trade on>woke up and if up again>"wtf its now at 0.4">buy back in for a quick scalp>markets go haywire, down 50% in 2 minutes
its coming back, trust me on this
D-Dont worry, im s-sure it will go back up again...heheh.
Bought at 1600$.... we weill be back at 2000$ in no time... hehhehe.
i lost about 20 usd overall.feels bad man.i fucked myself trying to ride a wave for a 2% gain.Decided long term hodl is the only thing a brainlet like me can do.it's like no matter when i enter a market it reacts to my presence and fucks me.which sounds stupid but as a brainlet that is what i see even if i'm putting a very tiny amount in the market just knows it has to fuck me.either when buying or selling at what i thought was a safe time/decent price.
every.
single.
time.
bought at .26, watched the mega pump, played viday, dump, double dpwn woth my 3 eth, dumps more
PLA JUST MAKE IT GO TO 1600$ AGAIN - ITS like god is punishing me for trading shitcoins.
20 usdIs this some kindergarden?
Why do people even invest in crypto with under k USD?
tfw I slept when BCH hit 0.5.
Coulda increased my BTC stash by 50% FUCK ME
Lol you could have bought anytime before midnight last night, even sell right now, and still made profit.
If you've lost money in this timeframe you should leave crypto, autistic faggots dont know how to money.
Yes.
It is like that.
And yea if you entered the BCH train this late just think about how fucking retarded you actually are :) and think about killing yourself so you dont multiply :)
bought at 2200 because i'm confident i'll be okay because of the crazy bull run
le funny me-me>biz tells me to sell BCH - it moons>biz tells me to buy BCH - it dropsI will flip a coin instead of asking biz the next time.
looool at dumbfucks trying to ride roger's pump and dump shitcoin and failing
How do you think /biz/ comes up with advice?
Ouija boards?
Welcome to a less filtered way of being rekt by rich cunts.Welcome to real life?
"listen to what /biz/ says and do the reverse"
Went all in 12 hours ago at 0.23. missed the entire pump cos I was sleeping, now I'm worse than when I started.JUST
It's not coming back buddy, time to sell.
>buying a coin that has already mooned>trying to "ride the wave" >FOMOWhen will you fucking faggots EVER learn
Pic related is my journey through the wave since last night.Green arrow is bought.Red arrow is sold.Made a lot of mistakes during the pump.
The buying at ATH as you can see in the pic is when my emotion gets fucked.But anyhow, those are just free money from the fork, so I don't care much.
I got 0.01 profit of this ride of more I could get if I sold at ATH.
Thanks BCH for the great pump.
See you in BTC.
Holy shit are you me?
Bought some bch.
Lost $20.
Fuck it i'm out.
Fml
I lost 20 USD I'm so going to have to work at Mcdonalds to pay back my loan.
Sold all for Eth and was gonna withdraw but thought I'd roll the dice once more and now bagholding.. pretty sure it's gonna pump again
You should keep away from day trading.
Completely impulsive behaviour on that chart
I put my sell order in overnight at 2500 USD.
Just work up to see it went to 2498.
Down to the purchase price that I bought it at.
I hate myself
le funny me-me?
Wow, try harder you cringy faggot.
fuck off pajeet, just fuck off
BCH IS GOING TO PUMP AGAIN IN 30 MINUTES OR LESS
Meh.Lost some on BTC after 2X fail, then gained massively thanks to BCH and BTG then lost most of the profit after the dip.I'm back to BTC now.I'm contemplating moving everything to ETH for the time being and see what happens next.
pic relatedthere is no need to be TRIGGERD my friend :3
I know I'm just playing around with the volatility.
It's fun but needs a good emotional stability.
almost JUST'd
sleeping during trading
$20 is a bit low but I went from $800 to $6000 in around 5 months which is a nice little bonus for a poorfag like me
4318137IT did go back up and i made a sickening 20$ win.
Yay!