So the bull market is over for sure this time right?Alts still haven't recovered for months, Eth in particular has under-performed BTC heavily.
Where are we headed goys?
we bear market now.
This was suppose to be ALTS MONTH now bitcoin cash is ruining everything just like segwit2x did tooFuck sake
l-lewd yoko figurinebull market wont be over before the nwo starts regulating crypto
The bull market for alts stopped in August.
After all the BCH/BTC drama is resolved, expect another bull market due to the real big money investors coming in.
but when?
2018?
Well... Look at BCH.
It had one good run to 3000$ or .5 BTC and it has been dying.
I think we all will have a very green christmas (except BCH bag holders)
are you retarded?alts are moving?
not our fault you bought high
My expectation is that the real bull market will begin towards the end of next month, at the very latest I'd say the end of january/start of february
This reminds me a lot of the "Wall Street is coming goyim just wait and see" back in 2013-2014.
Then of course Mt Gox happened and everything went to shit.Can you further evaluate as to why you think another bull market is coming?Bears are always longer than bulls and this uptrend in BTC has lasted quite a while now.
I personally think the blow off top phase is over and we're going to be headed down for months now.Alts have already signaled this a while ago as  said
Quite simply, the institutional money really is coming in 2018.
ETFs are pending approval at the SEC, which in the past had raised concerns regarding the lack of futures/options markets (which will now be available) and uncertainty over forking.
Once the dust has settled in the coming weeks and months, investors will see that BTC has withstood another two significant challenges (S2X and BCH) and come out on top, which will inspire further confidence.
Once the real institutional money starts pouring in from 401(k)s, etc., the price action will be huge.
4340760It's also worth noting that the new head of ETF regulation at the SEC is literally the lawyer who worked on the COIN ETF application for the Winklevoss Trust -- so whatever the regulatory environment there may have been in the past, it can hardly be said to be hostile at this point in time.https://cointelegraph.com/news/lawyer-at-firm-advising-winklevoss-twins-tapped-as-secs-etf-regulator
thisalts will have their day.
for now, the action is in small cap coins.
source on the chick, google only gave me venezuela
teamvrod