>exchange page constantly freezes when I'm trying to buy into BCH>The traffic alone is turning this site into a laggy mess>Go to check download their app to maybe sidestep this bullshit>It holds a 3.8(a fucking 3.8!)
on the Google play store>Everyone and their mom is ripping them apart for the absurd permissions their app asks for and how they're getting login loops of death>Even people who log in get the same freezing occurrence when they try to trade>These types of reviews have been left in droves for months and Binance hasn't said a word or addressed anyone's problemsI smell something fishy guys
Bump for my skeptics
Binance is literally yobit tier.
They are adding every new shitcoin just to please pajeets.
Binance has no volume, is chink and fucking garbage.
The UI is hideous and you can't fucking sell decimals LMAO.
I like binance actually.
Low fees- easy UI (basic/PRO).
Low fees to withdraw.
the fuck anon how come you can't get on board?
Yeah people often bring up Binances great choice in coins but I still see shit like Verge floating around.
Ha.
Try Kraken.
I have literally been unable place a SINGLE TRADE in the past two days, for hundred of times trying.
Yep, that's right.
It doesn't work at all and I'm losing plenty of money right now.
when I'm trying to buy into BCHfound your problem right there
I don't have any problem with binance actually.It's less laggy than poloniex, and they answered my ticket supports very fast compared to buttrex (which after 20 days hasn't even looked at my ticket).The graphs are not that good but I use another page which syncs with my account, where I can draw memelines and shit.
I can only log in on windows that captcha slider is for niggers
In terms of a trading engine Binance is one of the best out there.
It's second probably only to Poloniex.
Literally no other exchange even has an app.
3.8 isn't that bad for a first release.
These guys have been open less than 6 months and are already like number 3 in volume.
Nearly every part of their platform is seamless.
I've never had an issue with anything.
They'll get there with the apps, give them a break...
binance is king.will be no1 exchange within 2018very fast tradesbots?
who gives a fuck, buy low.
dumbfucks