This has to be an 8th dimensional bulltrap, if the fork has been canceled there's no reason to hold for those dividends; once the market digests this information they'll realize what the fuck they're doing and dump.>Fork proposed>Bitcoin breaks ath's>For canceled >Bitcoin breaks new ath'sThis is highly irrational!
THIS MARKET IS SO FUCKIN IRRATIONAL
no it isntthe first pump was people moving into bitcoin for free altcoins, this money came from alts mostly, as you can see by the ratio being down on almost everythingthe second pump was always going to happen if the fork didn't occur, this is external money, not coming from alts, waiting to see if bitcoin could withstand an attack and come out on top.
it did, and so they bought in.two different sources of money, and it's not surprising that the fork gambler money came mostly from bleeding alts
The "fork" was just a distraction on bitcoin's road to $10k.Strap in altcoiners, you ain't seen nothing yet.
Bull run is due to CME, not fork.
The uncertainty of where the fork would take BTC was priced in.
Now that threat was cancelled.
It's not that hard..
The fork was a thing which caused doubt.
Now that thing doesn't exist any more
I'll tell you whats going on, it's the shorts getting squeezed the fuck out from all this uncertainty.
Reminder that the market is never wrong
It's called tether
this wont last long,getting into alts now
You realize that if Bitcoin takes that one big dump alts go down with it?
yes, there was a short squeeze but that was only possible because of money rushing in.
what happens during a short squeeze?
people are short, meaning they're betting the price will go down, so they make money if it drops, and lose money if it goes up.with good news like this, people buy up the price, which causes the shorts to lose money, and eventually they run out of money or decide to sell.exiting their short means they have to buy the bitcoin back that they sold to open their short position, so it causes the price of bitcoin to rise more as there's more buying.a "squeeze" is a pump in the price that forces shorts to push the price up even more.
thank you for explaining
BAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHBULLTRAP WE KNEW IT
SUB 7kITS OGRE
Rebounded and looks like there's some resistance at 7250, anyone else think it isn't over?