32 million dollars.
thousands of bagholders.money belly is alright, he tries his best.but look at steve.look at him.we're doomed, aren't we?
I bet Steve gets more chicks than you, bro.
Get outta here.
I guess he's there for a reason.
Trust Sergey and you should be fine.
Ari Juels, Evan Cheng, SWIFT and other multibillion dollar IT companies trust them.
Even projects like Confido and Request Network seem to trust them.Honestly the FUD around LINK is so goddamn stupid that if you fall for it, you not only deserve to be poor but most likely will be poor in business since you're so easy to manipulate.
would you trust this man?
look how sensitive he looks.such an emobro
what if he did it for the lulz?
kekIt's not the FUD that puts me off, it's watching the price tank while you all scream about how it will make you all rich.
You're all competing against each other and only a very few will come out on top.
We're fuuuuuuuuucked.
This dude looks like a fucking loser who can't convert shit.
This is bad bad news.
dude...you're looking at a mirror.
He seems to have fetal alcohol syndrome
Nail in the coffin, thnx just sold 500k
Crypto is a couple hundred billion market.
/biz/ posters at the most have a couple mill, most people a couple thousand.
We can all make it with Link if it pumps to ripple cap levels.I want to make it with everyone from /biz/.
It will be so glorious if we all make it together through /ourcoin/.captcha: toilet call
it's not about fud.
look at who we invested in:steve ellis.
pic related (with muppet)
Ain't nothin' wrong with muppets.
They are a wholesome children's TV show.
now get outta here.
Ripple you say?
I have honestly thought about buying some, so if it does moon I won't kill myself.
But I don't want to be left bagholding like the rest of you are.
dont forget it all rests on this mans platform
you know what, you're right.steve is normal compared to money skelly.
fucking this.
Steve is cute, I trust him.
degenerate homo detected
He has a punchable face, marker of a solid software developer

Operating in the us and registered in cayman islands.
Some random fat ass slack chat moderator is their only communication with investors.Red flag boyo
I love this guy so much.
He just doesn't give a FUCK.
He pedo tho
you guys are fucked
paying to attend NYUYep, confirmed retarded memelennial.
CEO was a philosophy major>'secure asset exchange' was a company they both did before thisI'm a bagholder, but their credentials are shit-tier, don't even try to sugar-coat it.
Funny you mention...Philosophy majors are almost on top when ranked by IQ10+ points higher than CS majors
Is that why they all work at Starbucks?
That's not true.
Philosophy averages some of the highest LSAT scores (top 5 at least).They're even being recruited for other fields: https://www.cnbc.com/2017/11/16/tech-talent-gap-looks-to-philosophy-majors-ceo-mike-gregoire-says.htmlYou're just a sperg that doesn't know that philosophy is one of the toughest majors because the logic involved.t.
majored in CS
Yes it is dingus.
This article linked says they are recruiting them because there's a tech labor gap, this can be said about lots of majors.t.
also majored in CS
Also: philosophy majors are "stepping in" because they don't have many other options lmao