who else /holding btc/ here?
I dumped BTC like the shitcoin it is
I am, keep strong
mostly alts right now...i really like this cycle, bitcoin is going down a bit, but the money is not leaving the market, it's flowing mostly into alts.
i really didn't expect that desu.
I actually bought 1.5 BTC.
I thought it is a fair trade now, being away almost 800$ from the recently pumped ATH.
its more than 10% that it lost.
I seriously don't think the dump will get bigger.
Maybe I am dead wrong on that, but we will see.Imo, he canceled segshit2x fork inspired just more confidence in BTC being the invincible king.
+
Just the beginning, it will drop to 6500
Oh boy, At how much did you buy?
Also, you think 1 day 4% down is a dump?
You're in for some surprises
No my friend, its going much lower than that....The next week or two are gonna be brutal for BTC and this is just the beginning.
+Plus one upboated am I right?
xDHoly shit can't wait for you redditors to get rekt soon.
4265550There is no reason why BTC would seriously crash now, other than everybody is expecting it.
So most likely it won't because of that.
Institutional money is one step ahead of you and killing all your fucking shorts after they killed your longs with canceled segwit.
There is literally no reason to not hold at least some BTC now besides your alts.
You are in for surprises if you think you can beat institutional money with your cookie cutter strategies.And if BTC crashes, so will your alts.
You are delusional if you think otherwise.
Alts only go up if BTC retraces SLIGHTLY over some days/weeks or if BTC stay stable.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XbZ8zDpX2Mg
Bought at 7100$ btw.
No S2X = no more free mony which was the main reason the BTC pumped this much to start with.With that gone it's basically resting on thin air at the moment.Sell now or post pink wojaks later.
If that is the case, people should actually sell ALL their alts as well.
Because they will come down with it.
At this point I suppose BTC is too big to fail.
All the "supposed" crashes were milder and less severe than those crashs before that.
Video related.We won't suddenly see 2k$ again.
You did well, ignore all the retards and HODL.
People have been saying it's gonna dip since $4800 (at which point I bought 6), and we haven't seen any fucking retraction other than 8% at most.
If I'd have listened to these fucking mongs I'd have lost out on over $13k of profit, and that's only at the current BTC price.
all in on bitcoin bitches
 I'm still holding on my buttcoin : the post
I agree.
I also think things will be different.
At this level with this much institutional money flowing in it is too big to fail soon.
Mainstream attention has just started including ongoing mainstream adoption.
Those things weren't the case in earlier times.
And those are the game changing factors everybody was actually waiting for.
Precisely.
As BitCoin's market cap has increased over time, the volatility has become less and less severe.
The biggest 'crash' this year was somewhere in the region of ~35-40%, and even that was after a sustained period of FUD and China BS, compared to the 90%+ of previous years.
I plan on steadily accumulating another 6 or so BitCoins, hopefully there will be a 'dip' below 7k at some point to get a better deal, but at this stage it's ridiculous to wait for a crash if you haven't bought in yet.
I think for a lot of people, they're just salty that they can't afford one and want it to crash.
If buttcorn was going to dump in response to 2x it would have done so by now.Sorry chinks and the rest of the altie fudsticks - the march to 10k and beyond continues unabated.