Will we ever see moon missions like ETH and DASH ever again?
Coins that went from $10 to $300, we don't see them anymore.
Probably not
You will, you'll just laugh at them, then enter denial when they pump, then bargaining saying you'll 'buy when it dips', then finally become depressed that you really did miss it.
Then start shitposting on /biz/ again how it isnt fair, all the moon missions are over.This is the cycle.
BCH will never overtake BTC, BCH is a ccam coin, BCH will never rise above 400$ again :)... .
drugs

Coins such as?
Dash moon mission has not even left the atmosphere yet.Dash = $5,000 this time next year.
Mark my words.
All it will take is coinbase integration built directly into their Evolution Instant Send wallet.
From what I have heard, Coinbase and Dash CEO have been having discussions.....
What are you talking about retard?
Bch just went from 300 to 2500
bingowhy even bother telling you?
you'll just laugh at the coin and not buy it lmao
link?
let me guess LINK
4321947And you won't buy it because you've been memed into thinking it's trash.
NEO will get to $250 in 2018.Screencap this.
just take a moment and think could it be you that got memed into thinking it isn't trash
NEO won't see ETH-like gains because it's indivisble.
Nobody wants to buy .5 NEO then be forced to leave it on an exchange because the network only transfers integers.
Uh no, smart money doesnt buy into Chinese shit coins and cheap intellectual property theft.
Zencash.
Mark my words and screencap this
OMG 2018
I dont even need memelines to come to this realisation.
How heavy is your bag anon?
The only coin I see doing a moon mission at the moment is Blocknet.
20 bucks atm and 100mil market cap whereas other exchange coins are at least double this cap.Ico was in 2014 around the same time as eth so I'm betting it explodes soon
Ark.
I believe.
4322148you both sound like leddit tards, lol
you browse reddit therefore you're wrongquality
Both REQ and OMG are priming themselves for this.
I'm not spoonfeeding you so we can get into a back and forth trolling match, but mid 2018 at least one of these platforms will 10x.
OmiseGO
4322138Lol.
GAS is divisible.
Just wait until GAS moons to $200.
NEO will automatically follow because of free GAS generation
We will
Market cap is far too big, 10 usd max.
You mean Supply, not Market Cap.
10 to 300 is only a 30xcfd just did a 20x you dopes
ETCPeople laugh at me now, like they laughed at people who thought eth will be 300 when it was 20
/ truth
Absolutely - China and Arab coins once they're more established.
XtoA risk but you'll thank me a year from now.
Gotta be patient to win the game
i know one coin, but i wont tell , I am accumulating now.
will reveal in few days.
i could be 100x, btw this not shit coin like cfd, or null..
Honestly I dont care if its trash.
It just seems like the /biz/ flavor of the month coin and I missed the hype train at the beggining so its only down hill from here
Easy moonsETPREQ (when it gets public adoption)IOC (dions brah literally in two weeks)HVN (Best ICO award)
1.
Arab coins for sure.
2.
NEO , ETP , WTC3.
I think NAV, GRS, and VERT come out of this looking very good.
0x too maybe?
Of course we will, we havent even gone mainstream yet.
Watch for real life usecase coins like xrp florin and syscoin to blow up.
Please realize some of the coins that have been worked on for years are getting closer to hitting it mainstream.
Dont buy ICO shit thats gonna get you rekt.
teeka?
OMG, REQ
SALT and BLOCK within the next 4-5 monthsLINK by next summer.ADA eventually
IOTA will not be going on a Moon Mission... IOTA will be going on a Neptune Mission
no, its a boiler room.
the people shilling link arent from 4chan
IOTA is going to do what ETH did when it was sub $1.
I'd imagine didgitbyte honestly.
I know it sounds like I'm shilling because I technically am, but it's a penny stock right now, so I'd go for it before someone tries to make it moon at some point.
Considering the cheap and easy transactions.
LINK
Soon (TM)
Shill me on this, please.
This is the original ether if i understand correctly.
Is there still any kind of community behind the project?
data
isnt that the girl who hung herself on livestream?
Im see that too :) shhhhh
4323102the only correct answers in this thread.
this coin will allow me to retire next year
VTC
Literally every time I say it, people laugh, call it a shitcoin, say it'll never go up, it's 90% down, how heavy are your bags, etc etc etcI'm not telling you where I stake my fucking claim for my gold mine but I'll give you a hint: you can get it on bittrex and it's under 60 cents.
Anyone who was in that other thread will probably be calling me out, but fuck you guys.
I'm gonna be accumulating.
Why did you start the thread with that image?
?Its making me sad...please delete it
I love how no one is mentioning NEO, the moment China comes with some positive news or decides to regulate ICOs NEO will skyrocket to ETH prices.Similar market cap, same end goals as new - just chinese.Notice how quite NEO has been ever since the china ban?
Calm before that storm.
4322523the supply is roughly what the Ethereum supply is so i fail to see his point.
ARK has very ambitious goals.
whether they deliver or not will determine how large it becomes
good point, anon
this
A E S T H E T H I C C
CFD went 18x in 1 week
Anon wat is it?
I believe in you
Mark the 18th in your calender.Trust Ecosystem Preview:"Da Hongfei will be present alongside senior management from Fosun Group, key representatitives of Ministry of Industry & Information Technology and China Financial Certification Authority.
Exact details of this event remains shrouded in mystery.
"Stock up NEO and fill on GAS.We going to the moon.
God damn that is one ugly son of a bitch!
It's going to have a secure bottom at 0.80, pumping up to $2 in Q1
Would have to be a currency coin, a blockchain, or a money transfer coin.I can see req going crazy, and omg.
EthConnect
ETNIt's like monero but with an optional public chain for commercial use.
Basically it's the reverse of what XVG are trying to do (but failing, wraith is susceptible to simple chain analysis to see accounts sending to private chain).It is only divisible to 2 decimal places so easier for normies to use (do math) but also it means that the scary total supply figure is actually just the same # of Satoshi in Bitcoin really.Its ICO sold out at 40million.They claimed to be hacked and haven't released the funds to the backers yet though, and seemingly are propping the price up and I imagine will release it at ICO price which will mean many hodlers
all /biz/tards should be acquiring LINK.You don't have to keep it a secret here...