discuss

well yesbecause if 90% of money comes from hype, going with the hype is the strategically good thing to do.so even unless coins with competitors that are better in every aspect still pumpcrypto trading is almost underlated to crypto
What?
Modum and POWR is literally shilled up to my throat every time I open /biz/.
POWR is being shilled right now because it has mooned.Biz usually shill the coins that are mooning at the moment, which is retarded, because it's usually already too late to get in.
just look at REQ, just some hours and days ago there were several threads of people talking shit about it, saying it's a shitcoin that it's going to die, a confido 2.0, etc.Today is mooning, and everyone is sheering it, it's incredibly retarded.
4511285It's almost like people are doing FUDs to get people to sell at cheaper and cheaper prices so they can buy in
You have to look really closely find the pre moon coins and comfy LTHs.
After I see shilling and then pink wojaks about the same coin, I usually feel pretty confident in buying (LINK, REQ, etc).
It's an odd strategy but it works.
OP here, only buy the most popular two shillcoins each year on /biz/.
all of the others have been trash.
for instance, monero and ripple had everyone's dick hard last summer, and those were worthwhile over the next year.
the rest were worthless
they still can't beat NEO's massive 500x moon mission
You're technically right but in POWR's case, it made at least 2-3x after the shill.
updated
4444444My Picks are ride out POWR to $1.50, sell and hoe on board ODN which on the 4thDec is releasing the rebranding and platforms.
They hype leading up should make some comfey gains if I sell on the 3rd.
People are already accumulating ODN and tis goin gup.
Right after that it is ALIS's turn.
They hope to have a working project end of Dec and have daily updates on their twitter.
Japanese STEEM.
Once I am comfey from all of that ill invest in some LINK, and REQ then go hunting for the next big 800% gains.
I've been looking at ALIS, and considering getting in early.
It's dropping pretty hard today, how low do you think it will go?
Never forget
muh biasI don't get this.
You are shilled at CONSTANTLY I remember all of the POWR shilling before it got anywhere close to mooning, you guys are just too fucking autistic to focus on shit that isn't mooning
biz is the truth gauntlet, once you start browsing you either come out with nothing because you can't separate the shilling from the truth or you come out with the a bullshit meter more calibrated than a gravity wave detector
pol was always right.
then they migrated here now biz is always right
then they migrated hereThat explains why this board is so shit.
4511213>i lost my money, but rather than take personality responsibility I rather blame these anonymous people who's advice I took