We're fucked guys.
yeah we had another one at 7k and remember what happened
is that a 5min timeframe?lel
today is going to be a good day
Hey retard BTC's price right now is reactionary to BCH
Le 13 yo ta whizz
 minuteSo BCH is wagging the dog?
Doubtful.
exact opposite is occuring on bch
believing TA and candle patternsYou might as well throw chicken bones to tell the future.
Without googling, tell me, percentage wise, how often the pattern you describe is correct in predicting price movement.
If you can't, you are a piece of shit trader who gets crushed by whales and market makers.
t. 9 year prop trader
btc is dropping to 5k, that's when bch will hit it's peak and you should cash out to tethers
Without googling, tell me, percentage wise, how often the pattern you describe is correct in predicting price movement.
Are you retarded, how is anybody supposed to calculate that when patterns are very subjectively found?
TA is fine.
When looking at orderflow, do you make sure to pay attention to larger limit orders?
I presume the answer is 'yes'.Now, think to yourself, "how does a large limit order translate to as visual information".The answer you may come to is Support and Resistance.I keep hearing "prop traders" constantly discount technical analysis, having no idea how information can analyzed, in many different forms.
You might as well throw chicken bones to tell the future.
BTC follows TA very well, probably because so many people use it.
If you don't know that, it's because you're new here.>Without googling, tell me, percentage wise, how often the pattern you describe is correct in predicting price movement.
This statement makes no sense.>If you can't, you are a piece of shit trader who gets crushed by whales and market makers.
Up over 31,600% this year, using mostly TA.
I'm afraid BCH has already peaked.
The next 24h will be crucial, but so far everything came out the same way as at the start of August.
This board was full of flippening threads and how miners will switch, but it crashed hard once the difficulty readjusted.
I expect the response you may have to this is "people know you're looking for support and resistance and will act against you, I know because I work at some forex institution that targets stop losses".My retort is this: Trading is NEVER about being 100% right.
It's about being "right" big and "wrong" small.
Support and Resistance does TEND to work, not all the time.
But when it does, you must let your profits run.
REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
So BCH is wagging the dogI really think it is.
After waking up I was trying to find out what the fuck happened with those huge moons and dumps we had on BCH and BTC.
No one fucking explains anything on news sites.
I just watch a video where it says that fundamentally nothing has changed compared to yesterday https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WV1EWBp0I6MBCH could start going hard anytime.
And when BCH rises rn BTC falls
it actually followed the TA prediction and dropped like a rock after going down the neckI'm usually not trusting TA on btc which is still do dependant on new money pouring and news changing every day, but this drop was actually textbook shit
tulip mania 2.0
Watch this guy JUST live on twitch LULgo.twitch·tv/jungtaejune