How much will it cost to buy and live in one of these shit RVs?
for the rest of my life.
no job, just gains
Not much.
The real question is if you plan on driving it around or parking it.
buy 0.5 acres of land in the middle of a desert or cornfield and park it there?
reasonable?
the property tax on land would barely be anything
Where are you gonna park it without being hassled by police?What if it breaks down?
What if someone decides to slash your tires or break your windows when you're not around?Where you gonna get a comfortable, long, hot shower?Where you gonna get a toilet where you can spread your knees more than one inch apart to take a comfortable shit?How you gonna stay warm when it gets really fucking cold, what about when it gets really hot and humid?You gonna find an RV with a decent fridge, freezer, oven, and microwave?You'll never be able to have a decent desktop PC with really good internet in an RV.Want an answer to your question?
Minimum $50,000 for a decent RV and at least $10000 a year for everything else you'll needIt's almost on par with the tiny house/shipping box container meme
Where are you gonna park it without being hassled by police?not worried about it... plenty of open land>What if it breaks down?
slash tiresI wont live near niggers>showerthis is my biggest wonder and worry.
might have to use the hose>comfortable shitits whatever>warm/coldblanket/fanI only have 15k to my name... how do others do it..
desertWhy not buy a bit of property on a lake, Or rent a year round site for next to nothing.
Or just huff it and never pay anyone.
Outdoor privacy showers are easy as shit to set up.
Cheap too.
lol just go to a health club/gym
buy a bit of property on a lakeanon that sounds a little expensive or am I missing something?
I really have no money yo spend on rent of any kind, I can afford maybe a $3k plot of land
Never gonna happen
Most land can be rented.
Lake side property is usually only occupied for a few weeks a year and the rest of the time people look to rent it out.
Even cheaper since you will have your own motor home to stay in.
Buying it straight up is a bit expensive but you dont exacly need a huge chunk of it.
I assume your in the US, but in canada we have crown land, Basically owned by the government and free for all to use.
You would be perfectly fine staying their long term so long as your not bothering anyone.
Even if it wasn't lake land, Theirs lots of streams and mountains and shit you can buy property at like 1000$ an acher (in canada anyway).
i just want a big flat area and a lot of waterfowl to hunt for food