POWR boutta hit the moon!!
!https://twitter.com/M0ckk/status/933023295686967296
The coin already did moon.
If you didn't sell after a 2000% rise you should probably not be in crypto
yay
Some people are just better at calling prices, no need to feel insecure
this is the best coin to invest in the next few months.
probably one the very few legitimate products crypto has seen.
2000 %
powr's only getting started.
the coin is massively undervalued at this point IMO.
Ok im gonna buy powr, bit where so I get it and how do I sell it?
Bittrex or binance
Guys, give it to me straight am i going to double my money with this?
Triple
yeah
Yes
fuck it all in my hopes and dreams are gone anyways
Some random pink power ranger a few days ago came here and shilled powr hard.
I laughed, read a bit, sounded legit but didn't buy.
I was an idiot cause the pink power ranger sounded too enthusiastic.
I could have bought this at 25 cents or so.
This will be 2,5 -5 dollars in a couple of months.
tendble
Im already balls deep, i regret not selling at 9.5k, fucked up hard
You can start the whole process over with SunContract.
guys im not even trying to funny or be a dick, im just trying to understand how this even works.
i understand its about solar power in australia, but why do you need a cryptocurrency for that?
like why would providing energy need to be in a token?
i mean, does the energy need to be anonymous or something?
I GOT THE POWR!
Imagine being able to buy your neighbours power when you are low
POWR MARINES ARE GOING TO MAKE ITMASS ADOPTION ON THIS COIN
Why use Bitcoin when you can just use Bitcoin Cash?
why would new power companies join this coin knowing the ICO companies can buy power for 10x as them and sell power for 10x as themoh waitPOWR only sold 30% of their tokens... guess who's getting part of that 70%?
thats right power... companies that join their networkthis coin is worthless until a true price is established amongst power companies using their discount tokens :)
FYI Interview with co-founderhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=34iB8ajpzzY
stop shillingdrop your bags and go to the coming RBY pump
Except RBY has already been pumped and it wont continue
so where went the 18 BTC just bought?
All in just fuck my shit up
We're PUMPING right the fuck NOW
I bought it because of that exactly @ 20 centsThanks pink power ranger
link that facebook
Too late, it is AMB now.
Check Ambrosus, they will announce there new product soon!
Tthank me later!!!
we are mooning , details of the deal tomorrow