Looks like $POWR is set to go off again when this news breakshttps://twitter.com/hellenoreilly/status/932992406705729537
here we go
Holy fuck this is going to be massive.
Here's a first-hand look into the company
That tweet is from 6 hours ago lol
So what?
Pumping right now

Just wait until the Australians wake up
Old news and coin is way overbought.
Get the pink wojak's ready
Kek this isn't India
We're awake dude, it's 9:50am in Melbourne.
Also I've been holding Powr since the weekend.
So to try to confirm the tweet I googled Power Ledger Govert va Ek Thailand.I found this article published just 2 hours ago.
He's definitely connected to big business in Thailand, including energy and all.
Furthermore, this was almost like some kind of coup where big shots were removed and replaced with the Power Ledger guy.
Are we on to something big?
"Singaporean investor Risco Energy Investments is tightening its hold on Tap Oil, demanding it replaces three directors with two of its own creatures.Risco, a 22.2 per cent shareholder in Tap (ASX:TAP), wants the chairman James Menzies out as well as director, and ERA chairman, Peter Mansell.
Risco chief Tom Soulsby is also on the board — and wants out.Instead, it wants alternate director Chris Newton on the board, as well as Govert van Ek — the Perth cryptocurrency boffin who founded Power Ledger and has a long track record in the oil sector (last seen at Sun Resources, ASX:SUR).None of the companies was available for comment.The Risco phone line is no longer in service.
Power Ledger did not respond to queries.
Mr Menzies now lives overseas, according to a Tap employee, while offsider Chris Bath was unavailable.No reasons were given for Risco’s demands.The only extra information Tap gave investors was that independent director Andrea Hall would step down if the Risco proposals succeed, which could mean Tap may not comply with the ASX’s two local directors rule.Singapore-based Risco Energy Investments and Thailand’s Northern Gulf Petroleum strengthened their hold on the company last year, when the debt-riddled producer was forced to overhaul the business as it struggled with low oil prices...https://stockhead.com.au/resources/tap-oil-stays-mum-as-singapore-shareholder-demands-new-directors/
Yes but Power Ledger have been careful not to do any sort of hype for the last few days.
They don't want any artificial pumps.
So far (with the exception of the noob PBC hype and tether issue yesterday and day before) the growth has been organic from smart Australian investors.
I'd be wary mentioning too much about Power until after you've bought in more.Don't forget the co-founder Jemma is currently the Mayor of Perth (in Australia) as well as the 8m funding they got from the Government.
So are you saying the tweet posted by OP is fake or old news?
My plan was to buy some then publicize this news in crypto communities.
Isn't that the way to do it?
It's new and it's real, go to their twitter yourself to check.
By the way, today or tomorrow (I don't remember) there's also a meeting in India for some micro grids and on Thursday in Melbourne Jemma will be doing a Q&A for investors.
This isn't a pump and dump shill pajeet coin and the people who put their money into Power are trying to keep it that way for obvious reasons.
It's already been shilled and hyped for the last few days so no point.
I'm just going to keep putting in some cash every 2 weeks when I get paid.
If anything you would be better off FUDing so we can buy cheaper haha.
So you're saying I shouldn't post this info in discord or reddit?
Isn't that organic?
That's just how hype works.
It's not overhype.
I'm not trying to argue for my point, I seriously want to understand this issue and what I should do in these types of situations.
I'm also a blogger/journalist.
Should I avoid reporting on this type of stuff?
Sorry I guess what I was trying to say is hype it for what it really is rather than EVERYONE ITS GOING TO THE MOON BUY BUY BUY, actually talk about what the team is doing and what the future of the company might look like.
Otherwise more pajeets are going to try to pump and dump it like what happened with the PBC hype and it makes Powrs value look unstable to people who don't watch the markets 24/7.
it's not even an official announcement for fucks sake.
The absolute state of shilling on this board.
Stop trying to artificially pump this every 30 minutes, it's not healthy for the product.
For all we know some retard listened to a conference and inferred the completely wrong thing, what happens when the community starts shilling news that doesn't exist... it fucking dumps and the reputation is ruined.
Just fucking relax, buy the lows and wait for the official news.
I completely understand.From a strategic perspective, or from a perspective of someone who wants POWR to do well long term, what should someone do who finds out info in advance like this?
Is it smart to buy and then spread the word, as long as you don't overhype?
Is this what /biz/ does?
hey at least they're generating power
Did you even read my posts?
I'm agreeing with you.
Could be worse reasons to pump a price, like a new website, hahaha, fuckin pajeets.
just broke 7900
Buy around 7k and HODL for a year but check their Telegram weekly just to make sure you haven't missed some bad news.