Assuming I've got free electricity, would it be viable to mine cryptocurrency in this day and age?
If so, what would be the hardware cost?
Is there some place to check which altcoin would be most profitable?
sagenormies get out
Is there some place to check which altcoin would be most profitable?https://whattomine.com/
NOT profitable do not do it
desu whattomine is honest trash, the calculations for a good chunk of the coins are broken and dont even work
sure if you are mining JUST bitcoin.
otherwise it can be profitable.
Where are all these niggers getting free electric from?
solar power, homes with enough panels where they produce excess.
Plugging in your mining rig at work.Good luck ever mining enough to pay for your solar installation.
I wasn't implying people installed solar just to mine, they had existing solar panels already.
Many of us live off grid, bud.
Wrong.
They are NEETs whose parents pay for electricity.
My uncle's company is going to be bankrupt soon and we're trying to figure out a way to rack up the bills (as he won't be paying them anyway) for cash.
So yeah, we're niggers.
>free electricityyes you fucking idiot.
I've been mining ethereum and averaged $50 a month from $600 worth of graphics cards.
It's good if you want to get a gaming pc and pay it off with some ethereum.>have cap rate electricity, so my electric is low>studio is always warm, I only use a small space heater and my computer for heat
start shitty business >hide profits in BTC/XMR>invest heavily in a couple of mining rigs>file "bankruptcy">never pay electricity billwill your uncle be an advisor on my new crypto project?
We need some minds like him.
also the news of Anons Uncle is now advising ChadCoin would send us past the moon.
it's profitable for me at 12cents / kwh.
you just gotta mine the right things.
eh, I've got good credit.
I don't want a bankruptcy on my name
be amerifat>constantly worry about your credit scoreMove to former Eastern Bloc.
Here you just incorporate a LLC, rack up some debt, pay yourself, your friends and family, then file bankruptcy and start over, rinse and repeat.
Sometimes I think the only reason economy hasn't yet completely fallen apart is most people being too illiterate to even know what a LLC is.
Actually a genius idea.
I assume it's an LLC?
Does that affect the individual at all?
It doesn't, if the corporate structure is set up right (I'm referencing the law in my country, don't try this at home, etc.).
If it goes bad, uncle may be legally barred from serving as a corporate director, forcing him to give himself a POA and hire out some homeless guy to put in the paperwork when he starts another venture.
I've never built my own pc or any of that shit, always bought pre-fabricated.
But I have cheap electricity (4-5 cent/kwh) and want to mine.
I have a shtity graphics card and have been earning $0.50 per day with it.
How hard would it be to install a second graphics card in my existing desktop pc?