Still doubting, no LINKS?
Ah Rory, a man of few words.
Truly wise like always.
its a fucking test, SWIFT already said they were doing the tests months agothis does not mean they are partnering with LINK, companies run experimental tests all the time with ventures,please stop being such a fucking faggot all the time
Its so painfully obvious they are cucked by NDA's at this point
Sure if you will admit that Link has more going for it than anything outside of the top 10.
Why the fuck do you fags hate LINK so much?
You fuckers literally have to look at the worst possible scenario for every bit of LINK updates.
Like this one 
I will only admit that they are further ahead with decentralized oracle development than any other coin to datethis doesn't speak about prospects for adoptionif SWIFT picks it up it will obviously be huge, but I don't expect them to actually release this news next summer, judging by the fact that Sergey only started hiring a proper team and implementing the final version of the product 3 weeks ago.Its fine if you want to hold, but I bet you will miss the opportunity to 5-10x your money before major news is released.
I can leave LINK and 5x my stack while holders make absolutely nothing for several monthscrypto isn't a market that responds to things like logic and sound valuation, if that was the case LINK wouldn't be 20 fucking cents
*before next summer
further ahead with decentralized oracle development than any other coin to date>this doesn't speak about prospects for adoptionchoose one
Can you imagine all this fucking time spent you'd probably be a fucking master margin trader at this point?I know for a fact you could a learned fluent X Langue while shilling this shit.I bet you could make more money by going to huge packed dance clubs and looking for fallen wallets on the ground ffs.
You aren't thinking pragmatically.
It may be the case that no major institutions is ready to adopt a decentralized oracle solution for many months, even years.SWIFT is testing many different solutions, chainlink is one of them.
An organization that handles literally $5 trillion every single day isn't going to publicly adopt a tech from a company that was made up of 2 people 3 weeks ago and is still in the process of coding the project.If I had to guess, any public announcement from SWIFT would come no sooner than 8 months from now, but probably closer to 1-2 years (at which point they will have plenty of competition)you're playing Russian roulette with the slowest trigger in crypto
What the fuck is swift
Why does noone say to buy Swift?
All anyone cares about is Link.
Swift has way less coins.
Look I'm not going against your point that LINK is a long term hold.
I hold a lot of SALT that will hopefully pump Q4 2017 and I'm planning on using it to increase my LINK stack.
But you keep emphasizing that this is just a "test" and that enterprises are not interested.>If I had to guess, any public announcement from SWIFT would come no sooner than 8 months from now, but probably closer to 1-2 years (at which point they will have plenty of competition)The network is coming sooner than you think.
In fact Rory said they are pushing for it to be live earlier this 2018.
They are just reimplementing it.
The process of reimplementing something is faster than building from scratch.
Plenty competition?
What are you even talking about lmao.
Like which one?
Its not like this is still a whitepaper project that someone can easily outpace them.Even non-enterprise projects like Confido and Request Network already mentioned LINK as the only decentralized oracle choice.
4352900Jesus Christgood luck link marines
pretty sure these guys are nolinkers lmao.
some pictures leaked of SWIFT prgramming LINK to their systems
None of you linkers ever answer the question of why you don't invest in Swift.
This is fake email, noob
I couldn't find the exact article I read before, but read this, especially the last paragraphhttps://www.swift.com/news-events/press-releases/swift-tests-show-blockchain-has-potential-for-global-liquidity-optimisationSWIFT is incredibly sensitive to failure, they handle $1.25 quadrillion a year.
Chainlink needs to mature A LOT more before they feel comfortable announcing this to the public
Kek we dont need SWIFT to actually run $1.25 quadrillion per year or even $1million in LINK for it to moon.
We just need them to announce that LINK will OFFICIALLY be part of the SWIFT gpi project.
That doesnt take years.https://www.swift.com/our-solutions/global-financial-messaging/payments-cash-management/swift-gpiThey themselves said that it will take time for the SWIFT gpi to be used in mission critical systems but once they announce that LINK is officially part of SWIFT gpi?
We will go to andromeda my friend.
Also you're focusing only on SWIFT news.
How about the random unexpected news like HCL Technologies, Request Network, Confido etc?
There will be more random entities that will announce something related in the future which is why i always keep a portion of my portfolio in LINK.
4353217From what I can tell, nothing apart from concrete news will move the price of this coinIts pretty obvious Request and Confido plan to use chainlink, but no one seemed to care, not sure about HCL.
The network going live wouldn't mean much either, they need to be in business with big industry players or other coins that have big market caps
No one is gonna point out the fake as fuck email address?
Morgan Stanley all over again Lmao
From what I can tell, nothing apart from concrete news will move the price of this coinWhich is why i said that an official announcement that LINK is part of the SWIFT GPI project will pump us to the moon.
Actual usage doesnt need to happen, just the announcement.>The network going live wouldn't mean much either, they need to be in business with big industry players or other coins that have big market capsKek why are you guys such downers for LINK?
Yet you guys chase moon missions on the possibility of a rebrand.
Tell me what altcoins do you hold aside from ETH?
noneI bought the BTC dip at $5800 and the rest is in ETH.
I exited alts before the fork, including LINK
Kek i love how BTC and ETH are the only coins that can be considered better holds than LINK in the long run.
4353393You guys are trying so hard to be smart.
Intercom mail is used by slack for notications and the email says nothing unexpected.