I called the FBI about Bitfinex Tether.
Proofs?
The FBI doesn't care about some random exchange lol.
You idiot, are you trying to make us all broke?
Can you call them again about Kraken too?
About time they paid for their shoddy exchange that they won't fix.
LMFAOMy fucking sides can only take so much man lol.
God damn.
/biz/ has been good to me so it is time for me to give backThe first post to get dubs after this post will get 1 btc!
Rrrrrrrollin on the floor from laughter
lmao
roll
Can't you even stay in your own threads?
Fuck youuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
Rolling, but donate to charity :^)
let's say tethers are not actually backed by dollars.
the market cap of tethers is about 0.5% that of bitcoin.
revelation of fake tethers = total market collapse?
Me please
tfw China ends up being the mystery banker who's providing Finex with legit USD This whole attack on bitcoin and Bitfinex is orchestrated to drop the price.
I know this fucking game too well
Reroll
445640944564634456511Hahaha thanks for all the free (You)s, you retarded cucks.
Time to dump them all on the secondary market.
Pv7HeNZMma5wBfe8CSDYQp6fDQy1uqBNd
Fuck you man, I have cancer and I desperately need to money so that I can pay for these insanely expensive treatments
Probably should have thought about that before you got cancer, dum-dum.
Come to dualgender non binary otherkin:1L2WE8ShBovY4v5baoJiYygXKQ8xYQWqbQ
NOOO
hmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
Did they laugh at you?
Can someone explain to me in a TLDR what Tether is?
I mostly trade in ETH.
If it worked, it would be an absolutely brilliant way to smuggle money in your brain because it's essentially US dollars that you can send to a Bitcoin address.
Not some special Tether address but any Bitcoin address.
So with a Bitcoin brain wallet you essentially have money in your head.
Completely untraceable and can be transported to anywhere in the world with Internet.
Bitfinex has their own crypto coin called USD Tether.
They claim each one is backed by an actual dollar, but have not proven this.
They use these tethers on their exchange and pretend they are dollars.
No one can deposit or withdraw them.
It is alleged that they are creating millions of these without the real money to back them, and then using these fake dollar tokens to wash trade BTC on their own exchange (which is that largest by volume) and this artificially drving up the price of BTC and other coins.
They can sell BTC on other exchanges like GDAX and Kraken for real dollars

no one can deposit or withdrawYou conspiracy theoriesr keep repeating this but this is trivially proven false.
You can move tethers to where you want, you can redeem for usd if you are a big player.
I've not heard one example of someone actually managing to withdraw/deposit fiat with Bitfinex for tethers.
I don't believe it's possible.
Its on their announcement page, that the taiwan gov froze wires for incoming USD.
How could you get 30mill, if you cant accept USD?