>https://cointelegraph.com/news/bitcoin-classic-shuts-down-as-staff-claim-bitcoin-cash-will-rule-in-6-monthswoah woah woah I was going to HODL my btc and wait for this to blow over WHAT THE FUCK do they mean by this?
OH GOD!
RUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUN!
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!
Jihan paid them dont worry its not going to happen.
look at coinmarketcap faggot and tell me what you seecope
Goddamnit they got so many newfags panicking with that title lol
Yeah man, I love bitcoin!
Only $10 fees, oh yeah, works great!
falling for fake newsBitcoin Classic isn't BTC.
It's a shitcoin that forked off of BTC in 2016.
I can't believe they're shutting down bitcoin.
They only just started to make it.
But I guess it was just slow and ancient tech that had to go.
shut up and let them panic, it's seriously amusing
wrong, XBT is the original Bitcoin.BTC is Bitcoin Classic, that's what the C stands for.just look at Kraken, they refer to Bitcoin as XBT.
where did you fags think that 'X' convention comes from.
Monero = XMR, Ripple = XRP...it comes from the original XBT bitcoin ticker for the real bitcoin..so all you twats buying BTC from coinbase or bittrex have been buying BITCOIN CLASSIC this entire time.just look at any reference to bitcoin before 2014...like old screenshots.
they all referred to it as XBT.holy shit did you not know that?
wow.BTC is like the ETC of bitcoinETC = ethereum classic, after that forkBTC = bitcoin classic, after that forkDO NOT buy BTC, only buy XBT or BCH
It stands for Core dumbshit
Who's jihan?
What does the X stand for?
stealing this pasta
Wow people are retarded xD.... Bitcoin classic is not the main Bitcoin, its a shitty fork....
kek.
"something must have messed up my xbt became btc when i transfered to my other exchange wallet"is there some sort of tax we can collect for explaining things to normies?
nigger I used to buy BTC in 2013 it was called BTC
wrong, XBT is the original Bitcoin.BTC is Bitcoin Classic, that's what the C stands for.just look at Kraken, they refer to Bitcoin as XBT.
where did you fags think that 'X' convention comes from.
Monero = XMR, Ripple = XRP...it comes from the original XBT bitcoin ticker for the real bitcoin..so all you twats buying BTC from coinbase or bittrex have been buying BITCOIN CLASSIC this entire time.just look at any reference to bitcoin before 2014...like old screenshots.
they all referred to it as XBT.holy shit did you not know that?
wow.BTC is like the ETC of bitcoinETC = ethereum classic, after that forkBTC = bitcoin classic, after that forkDO NOT buy BTC, only buy XBT or BCH
Denotes that the currency does not have a governing country