JUST edition--Robinhood FAQs --- VISIT THE WEBSITE FIRST DAMMIT!!
- www.robinhood.com> How is it free?Robinhood earns revenue by collecting interest on the cash and securities in Robinhood accounts, much like a bank collects interest on cash deposits and by collecting fees from robinhood gold.> It's been X days, why isn't my account verified yet?Not being approved in 3 days seems to be the new norm.
Nevertheless, call/email their support if you've been waiting more than that.> When is it coming to my country?The only "plans" are on an Australian and Chinese beta.
Neither of which has gained much traction.> I hit sell when the stock was X.XX, but it actually sold at a lower price, why?Robinhood graphs are shit and only show you an average, not true real-time prices.
To get Bid/Ask prices and important things like candlestick graphs, you should use a more robust platform.> Where can I get better charting or bid/ask?Real brokers, like TDAmeritrade's thinkorswim.
Otherwise you should be using tradingview.com, stockcharts.com, finviz.com, or a non-pile-of-shit for your graphing in addition to Robinhood.-- Links --Premarket Movers:http://www.nasdaq.com/extended-trading/premarket-mostactive.aspxEarnings Report Calendar:https://biz.yahoo.com/research/earncal/today.htmlBiopharma Catalyst Calendar:https://biopharmcatalyst.com/Pump and Dump Advertising:https://stocktwits.comS&P 500 VIX Futures (For XIV/UVXY, higher is better for UVXY, lower is better for XIV)https://www.investing.com/indices/us-spx-vix-futuresPrevious thread: 
JCP is elite
Remember to use your winnings to buy trees for Israel.
All in for the penny train
First for BOTZ

Why?!
We made money today lad.
You sold right?
better sell before the reverse split gangbangs your portfolio.
today is just a pump and dump
low volatility stock you need to hold for the long termNo
$trxc will hit $6.00 by this time tomorrowscreencap this
unJUST yourselfhttps://discord.gg/K6Y3njR
fuck Israel and fuck jews
I got meme'd.
Sell now bud
I dumped that shit at a comfy profit.
Can rebuy it when it tanks later on.
now that the SPI moon mission is complete, and we've blown our LODE what's the next hot meme to invest in?
This x1000 easy money
everything red
What makes you think this?
Their earnings are going to be mediocre if not awful
Stocks with good earnings go down.
Buyout
Forward guidancePartnershipNew leasesNew salesIncreasing marketshare from what used to be a monopoly
Very powerful upward move in the indices.
My topping predictions may very well end up being wrong.
It will depend on how sellers respond near the All Time Highs, in combination with how bad the discrepancies between what the Senate/Dems and Trump/Republicans want (as well as any potential delays), going forward with tax reform as the key issue.
Cipher sent us to hell but I'm going even deeper.
Taking back EVERYTHING that I've lost
up $350 on my AMZN and SPY calls that I opened 30 minutes ago.. god I love red days like these
Get in before close boysHuge gains AH and tomorrow, Last time I'm telling you.
What are the chances TRXC just completely takes a shit after earnings and everyone holding it gets memed out of their money?
high
Probable.
A lot of anons have sold and taken their comfy profit though.
, Trump is President
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PWWa-anfowE
you are playing with an advanced meme very high
Speaking of memes what is this?
Explain yourself.
Nice just loaded up on $3.50 calls.
put all of your money into the calls
Guys I need a hot meme to hold into tomorrow.
I don’t want a crash and burn meme, but just the comfy profit meme.I can’t daytrade until tomorrow so don’t give me shit
Jcp, unironically
Same here actually, accidentally used my third one yesterday.
why is this being meme'd
it's the "it can't possibly go lower, r-right?"
meme
fug benis.. up another $100.
might be time to close
What could they possibly report tomorrow that makes you think this is a good idea?
Radioshack cannot possibly go bankrupt
my dad works for nintendo he told me they are announcing an exclusive partnership with Satoshi Nakamoto on the earnings call
Hetz (HTZ)They will beat earnings today for the first time in years.
Shorts are going to get BTFO.
why do they have two different symbols?
htz and hriand who the fuck was renting cars last quarter?
there were no major holidays or anything really
Got some sauce to go with that pasta?
forgot file
nvm google is retarded with the symbols
If you try to catch a falling knife, you'll eventually catch one rightJCP isn't really in that bad of shape like some other retailers are
i'm on nofap, stop that
How's RLOG looking?
Should I buy while it's low and earnings is today?
Very.Though I've done some research on them though>TRXC is made up of employes with a history working with J&J, and their subsidiary Ethicon>J&J/Ethicon are partners with Google, creating a company called Verb Surgical>Verb Surgical is also trying to break into the robotic surgery industry>Verb's CEO, Scott Huennekens was nominated to be on the board of directors at TRXC in early 2015, but for whatever reason he withdrew>In mid-late 2015, he becomes the CEO of the newly found verb surgical>Paul LaViolette is on the board of directors at TRXC>Paul LaViolette is also the chairman of the Medical Device Manufacturer's Association (MDMA)>Scott Huennekens is the Immediate Past Chairman (Vice President) of MDMA
on nofap>ID is qumWhen the universe is trying to tell you something, you should open your ears and listen.
They also have ISRG staff on board, and ISRG just recently purchased a building less than a mile away from TRXC HQ.
JCP is fine, if they go under (very remote imo) it will be years from now with tons of short squeezes in between if they do turn it around there is a 1000% profit potential good risk reward

I got like $3,400 in this company that as I understand it has a monopoly on Surgically Enhance Robots that are also Rocket Surgeons who are working on tomorrow's only meme rocket to Lamboland.
Wtf could possibly go wrong?
trxc??
newbie here, which coin?
nothing, absolutely nothing
Has $AMRS been memed out?
Seems promising still.
I've still in
This is stock trading ya goof
Memes will come back closer to the new erI'm locked in
JCP is fineJCP is a fucking long way from fine.
4270743I'm probably going to buy more tomorrow if it dips some more
Continued>TRXC has a history of losses, but these net operating losses or NOL can be used as tax credit in the future.
>If company doesn't make a profit, the company can keep holding these NOL as tax assets for up to 20 years>TRXC's stock issuance (Warrant A and Warrant Bs) is setup to protect these NOL assets from IRS rule Section 382.
It's known as a Section 382 poison pill.>Usually this means the company is looking to be bought out>NOLs are worth more when the corporate tax rate is high>Trump's is looking to cut corporate tax rates>This incentivizes larger companies who use these tax cuts to pickup companies with tons of NOLs so they can get the full value out of them before the corporate tax rate is lowered>Hernan Cristerna the co-head of global mergers and acquisitions at JPMorgan Chase says "In the months ahead, it is likely that company bosses will shy away from megadeals in favor of a greater number of smaller, less contentious transactions.
">https://www.nytimes.com/2017/08/25/business/dealbook/deal-making-is-alive-and-well-but-the-market-is-changing.html>JPM owns roughly 4,230,205 in TRXC stock, roughly 3% of the company
recent debt upgrades and 2 out of 3 profitable quarters in addition they are free cash flowingbelieve what you want
What do we think of KNDI?
took a big spike this week.
Could that happen again?
Took a dip today so I bought at 6.99.
Here's the 1 week.
oh, and 50% of the float is shortany whiff of good news could easily see 100% move
Buy some DYSL.
It's what inspired my trip
Forgot pic
50% of the float is short>thinks this is good
Has $AMRS been memed out?
Seems promising still.Depends on where you bought in...
Wait so when is the ER?
It's not until Friday before right?
When the short's have to cover it causes the shit to just fucking moon man.
See TOPS and DCIX.
i've been unironically thinking about buying that for a while.
the only thing is that small under $10 chinese stocks kinda scare me, how do we know they're actually legitimate companies making profit over there?
i mean even the top dogs like Alibaba do shady shit with their accountingdo you know when earnings are?
4270873% of the float is shortwhere do you get this info?
http://shortsqueeze.com/?symbol=jcp&submit=Short+Quote%E2%84%A2
Get this trash off /crypto/
chinese companies are all worthless.
should I get some nak?
You were supposed to get it on Monday, but like sure get some NAK.
I'm anticipating it pulling back to $2.10 though.
don't believe any Naklets in here.
most of them are either bag holders or bought really low and have nothing to worry aboutthe entire share price is riding on that mine getting approved.
if it falls through it will literally go to zero.
they have nothing else, they're a mineless mining company
whenever chinese companeis release financials they just pull numbers out of there ass and put them on there balance sheets .they dont need accountants because there all state owned anyway.
mineless mining companies are the future
4270977Don't believe the Tree Fuckers that think they're going to be denied permits.
Trust in Donald Trump's fuck the environment EPA.
where my trxc rocket surgeon bros athttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a0Q7e9Q6DlI
It's a human if you believe *evolutionists*
I have two earnings plays coming up in an hour and im already down 4% on one of themhow fucked am I?
what r they
Fuck you I’m already down 5% and it’s not even close yet ASSHOLE
I just saw pic related on Yahoo finance.
Seems legit.
Dude, even if they pull off a miracle, it's going to be falling all the way till closing, considering most people don't believe they're going to pull it off.
jetpacks for every shareholder confirmed
I grant that this is possible.
I'm just not feelin' it.
Also, the $3 puts I bought a little while ago are going to 2X easily when this turd drops back down to $2 tomorrow.
I'm all in now.
I'm back on board 1000 shares this time.
i hope everyone sells their CREG right about now
Just bought 100k
noice, just bought 1K
(((Evolutionists)))
hwkn
All in for JCP and TRXC, lets make some money guise
CREG should've been sold 90 minutes ago.
ENRJ earnings Monday
OVERSTOCK CANT BE STOPPED
wow great day so glad i played
That feel when the only stock I own is up today and the stock I was thinking of buying is down.
15 minutes until I get really pissed off and go buy a bunch of cheap vodka, or really happy and buy a bunch of single malt scotch.
Roughly 15 minutes until the TRXC blast off occurs
what are you playing?
Stockwits is shilling TRXC.If you haven’t sold yet I’m lmaoing at your life
rip in peiace TRXC
WTF is Stockwits?
ST shills literally everything.
Go search any stock and you'll find hundreds of people shilling it.
4271750can't wait to watch the dump while i count my money
https://stocktwits.com/symbol/CMGA stock discussion tweet forum for each stock.
He’s making fun of me I said stockwits instead of stocktwits
4271750Fuck, are these robots actually working on a drill to the center of the Earth!??!?!
I hate getting meme'd.
Come on I got fucking 3 minutes to close this shit out green man.
I'm actually green right now.
how will amd ever recover
LATER NERDS
Charge your phone anon.
10K trxc anon you still in?
b-b-b-ye
Wait we have another 30 minutes to wait?
I can't take it anymore!!!!!
half that many here lad, can't wait
How much you in for
>SGMO EARNINGS / CCIf I don't hear any the following words "Pfizer, Trial, Novartis, Collaboration, dosing, or buyout" I might as well prep the noose for tomorrow morning.
Its valued at $3975, but it's mostly options so it's going to go fucking nuts bro.
we /afterhours/ nowgood night everyone.
i hope you enjoyed being in the red, today.
mostly optionsCare to educate a retard and explain what this means?
RED?
Today was one of my best days ever so far.
Up almost 20%, the UVXY options literally sold for 150% gains.
Fuck your sad dog.
Meet Mr. Shekels.
To put it in simple terms it's like I've got 6200 shares worth of action for that 4 grand.
Why is it dropping?
The news isn't even out yet!
Revenue miss when nobody was expecting a ton of sales in 4 weeks
WHY IS EVERYTHING TANKING AFTER HOURS
ripI told you guys about Bio_______.
lmao TRXC rip
This is the /realjewhours/.
They played us like a damn fiddle...
Sorry senpai.
If I didn't have any it would be on a Mars mission I'm sure.
No one played you lmao.TRXC was a bad buy.
Everyone except bagholders and memers were saying sell before EoD
Who are "they"?
TRXC finishes in green after CC screencap this post
This isn't even that bad.
Holding through earnings, when will they learn.
Gee that didn't take long


Some one wanted to trigger a bunch of stop limits so some one else could soak up shares to shell out when they're called away.
Hertz is up 10%YES!!!!!!!!
congrats hertz bros
Shakedowns are scummy af
Why does all the mega jewry happen after hours?
look at this, we're fucking right back where we were 30 minutes ago.
even higher though.
yeah man, we money now shills shilling the shills, coolest story every
TRXC Moon mission is a go!!!!
low volume, low liquidity, less money needed to move prices
Why has earnings call still not started?
they're mad they didn't buy more >have some fun coupons
They are enjoying this faggy classical music
CEO probs closing the deal on a sale right now lul
am shaken anon
Legit made me chuckle
FUCK YEAHI SHORTED DISNEY RIGht BEFORE EARNINGSHAHAHAH
Fuck, it's going all the way back downWhy did I let myself get meme'd again?
lolNvidia outperforms massively but crashes anyway.
It's fucking AMD all over again.
at this point im just always evening out.this app might as well be a game that you just put your savings into
4272167The Shadows
Well looks like I just lost all my fucking gains today.
Did I learn something?
Sure did!
Really?
Nope not at all.
See ya tomorrow.
>DIS pls...I cant take anymore losses
GO UP YOU FUCKING BITCH
You had your chance to get out in the green, but you didn't take it.
This I'm fucking dying it's teetering back and forth
Had a chance for the green to be even greener!
I am not a smart man anon...
Just some turbulence before the liftoff.
Strap in everyone
I should just book trade these fucking shit stocks after hours.
Could have grabben like 40% just fucking providing liquidity in this shit.
I'm ready
my heart feels like it's going out through my ass
Trips of truth!
Anybody listening to the fucking call?
What is going on with this thing right now?
I'm listening but I don't really understand what I'm hearing.
Todd Pope is a fucking alpha
Does it sound anything like this?https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KHYJH_V-94s
Not really
100 million dollars at cashnow taking questionsShould I fuck with them?
Tomorrow is always a new day hahahahahahahahaha
Ask about the moon mission.
of course not./biz/ is an upstanding, professional board.
Ask da boss man if he can give you that lyin' piece of shit Chris' phone number so we can have a share holder vote on weather to aim the rocket at his house.
Listening to these people is painful
this.Everyone needs to chill, AH doesn't mean much.
I'm sure she'll go tomorrow considering the 100mil on the balance sheet but fuck me right?
Stupid fucking stock only went up 9% killing my average!
It's really one of the more awkward conferences I've heard
WILL THIS GUY ASKING THIS QUESTION STFU HE WENT ON FOR 3 MINUTES ON A QUESTION
LODE why
I was wondering if that was just me.
Just ask and keep things moving.
4272790dude was having a stroke mid-question

What did he say about the moon mission?
Are they rescheduling for 930 tomorrow when they have more light?
And if this thing is being done with Robots, why don't they have night vision?
Memes aside, when are you planning to exit this one?
High noon maybe?
Probably closing out most of it in the morning, might hold onto the $3.50 calls a little longer to see what happens.
Fucking great day for me though.
I'm holding till Q2 2018 at least, not adding to my position though
I'm about to hang up I'm bored as shit
Yeah I am most definitely not finding any of this useful.
MY BOY DISNEY
>that guy who sold TRXC at 2.4 AH
That made me laugh till I cried.
Looks like I'm getting single malt!
We're on our way to the moon, $3.50 tomorrow I bet

4273174WAIT FUCK NO
shorting the company that owns star warsare you insane anon?
Rape much Yoda will, for shorting
Xxii my golden boy
Hello RGT.
I do not know anything about stocks.
Do most of you buy and hold stocks for long periods of time or are many of you day traders?What are some good stocks if I just want to let my money sit on for years and years?
Buy high sell low
For those of you wanting to make a quick buck and don't care to invest, just sell midday tomorrow, shorts will be forced to cover all day
AMD
in trxc that is
AMZN
There's all kinds of investors in here.
There's risk in anything, but you're probably best off just finding a ETF that covers a major index like SPY, and there you go.
You can do a value investment strategy and just buy some every month or quarter or what ever.
Sometimes it'll be high sometimes it'll be lower, but it pays a dividend, so you want a broker that will set you up with a dividend reinvestment program, and bam you've got a retirement fund.
The only thing is, we're at like all time highs, well shit pulled back a bit today, but it's like we're in uncharted waters.
There's risk in everything.
But that's probably the simplest way that anybody could do it.
UVXY is always winner.
DRYS, TOPS, or any greek shipping company will treat its shareholders well.
While you're at it LODE up on mining companies with no mines, such as NAK.
In all seriousness pick out a Vanguard index fund.
Swing trade memes like everyone elseYou'll have a lambo in no timeWe are all experienced insiders here, just buy whatever people say tomorrow at market open.
I'm surprised the FTC hasn't shut our club down seeing how much money we all make here
The conference call makes me want to hold long, pussy robots sound pretty neat
sorry what company can I invest in that produces this product and where can I find more information?
Yeah we make a lot of money here hahaha
Wait so they're going to have robots that operate on the pussy?
I mean that's great but they're cutting their customer base in half.
For this reason I'm out on the next red candle tomorrow.
It's FDA approved to work on boipussy too.
Did you not listen to the conference call?
robots that operate on the pussy?Oh, wait.
For a second I thought I saw "like" instead of "on".
I'm out.
y-yeah haha w-we're rolling cash it hahahahahahahaa
4273573Lol
Reeeee lost a shit on lode now
lost a lot on LODE>up 28% a-anon?
I went 2k in DFEN kek
>mfw when didn't sell CTRX at $2.99I had a sell order at $3 but it never hit and it's only downhill from here
What's happening?
Shouldnt LODE turn into a 75 cent stock?
y tho

Chill.
It will be in the am.
Fuck off point Dexter.
I'm here for gains.
Fucking (((CNBC))) fud'd us today
4274200Welcome to the reverse split.
Good news, our stocks are technically worth more.
Bad news, we actually have less of them, and they are still a LODE of shit.
Is the market gonna recover tomorrow?
I have no friends, but if you are just signing up, let's get a free stockhttp://share.robinhood.com/andrewf593
I fucking hope notI panic sold like a bitch over the lunch time dip.
Not gonna open RH til Monday probably.
Have you had ANYONE sign up from these threads?
Fuck off david
Lmao nope
ouch, how bad was the split
It’s already doing better after hours.
Got 3 earnings next week, let's go
4274551david hereshare.robinhood.com/davidt917
hey I signed up from a thread a few days ago.
wasn't that guy's referral tho
Thanks bro prob was mine
:1 according to the paperwork
4274669actually I think it was david here.
thanks for the zynga stock pal
>tfw you shorted nvdia and disney and got fucked WTF i thought earnings makes things go down
t. 3rd world ermuhnomics
"im gonna short the company that owns marvel, star wars and mickey mouse">"ill also short the biggest gpu manufacturer whose last quarter was in the summer which was in the midst as crypto mania as well as people having more free time to buy parts and build computers"
Dumbest post on the board
It also owns ESPN which is single handedly killing the stock.
ESPN will be fine once they realize they can show eSports
Faggy numales won't buy it.ESPN's problem is liberalism and nothing else.
betting against the jews>especially in banking or mediaYour loss.
4274755Sad but true.
Ive seen many dumb things on /biz in the last months since normies started pouring in, but this is easily leading the top dumbest comments ever to be seen on the internet.
We’re all gonna make it rright?
Their problem isn't politics, their problem is they act like they are TMZ of the sports world.At a certain point you don't give a fuck what a player on your favorite team said on Twitter, you want to see sports highlights and scores when you tune into a sports channel
>getting justed on stocks>getting justed on crypto>getting yelled at out on robinfeels threadhaha yeah mom t-the investments are going fine
At a certain point you don't give a fuck what a player on your favorite team said on Twitter, you want to see sports highlights and scores when you tune into a sports channelIt's almost like women are involved.
They eventually fuck up everything.
It's clear you don't know what's going on normie.Half of their shit is about diversity, inclusion, and talking about President Trump.They put a woman as a NFL announcer and some spic who just talked about diversity in between plays.Get fucking real.
Why did we give up our control over thembaka
watching black sports Switch to hockey.
No drama
let a long time local raider announcer who happened to be a woman into a single mnf game with bumblefaggot Rex Ryan>muh diversity!
muh Trump!It's like you don't even watch sports.Don't remember the red carpet during the draft?
Literally giving Hollywood interviews to these idiots?Muh liberal boogeyman
Which is why ESPN ignores itNot enough drama to stir up, not enough worrying about what clothes these people wear after the game, or what cars they are driving.
Yep, confirmed normie.
Fuck off back to Redd*t.
Would I be less of a normie if I was blindly ignorant to the actual sports world, and got all my sports information from idiots with an agenda on Facebook perpetuating fake outrages?
should i try this robinhood thing, my crypto gains are starting to get too high so i could try some 2 % per year stocks
2% per yearAnon that doesn't even beat inflation.
2%Lad, stocks are just as volatile as crypto.
Yes bro get in while you still canStep 1: free shareShare.robinhood.com/davidt917Step 2: buy lode at 6:30 am estProfitttttttttttttttttttttt
(you)
tfw david probably gets more gains than most of /rgt/ with his army of free CHK, SIRI and Zynga shares
worrying over temporary lossesjust dump everything if you can't handle the pressure.
or start vaping and drinking constantly like a real /biz/ boy
temporary losses
hodl
Some stocks, yeah.
I srsly hope you dudes bought the inverse VIX dip today
Thoughts on buying Amrs?
"Dip"
inverse you dummy, XIVit's up like 200% this year.
Reminding the bold and the brave to pick up MYOS and get ready for their earnings next week.
Ride or die
Might as well just buy rope
There is some stupid fucking kid here shilling it everydayNigger has been losing big and is probably dead now.
Thinking about getting in on LODE tomorrow morning.
Will it moon like SPI after its r/s?
Seems like an especially good deal right now that it's only 0.15 when everyone else paid the equivalent of at least .50.
Stock price as an abstract doesn't matter.
Don't bank on a reverse split generating movement.
Bumping so everyone can scout out memes that will lose them all their tendies
to the anon who asked this (missed it at the time)just the term i gave to taking larger positions to make back initial losses, a very stupid and dangerous thing to do
It's one of the few actual moon launches in the next coming days.
Buy it now while it's cheap
We can only keep posting due diligence to try and convince anons for so long.You have a chance to get in on the ground floor, in a company that has patent on something very valuable, who has the market cornered, who already has commercial talks underway (probably Pepsi from what it sounds like)Keep whining about when they were doing biofuel and didn't actually have a real product.
They are going to take the sweetener world by storm in a time where existng artificial sweeteners are taking a heating and sodas are losing huge sales
I do that all the time.
Its the chad way of trading.
Granted I only do it on earnings for big companies like Amazon and AppleToday I did it with Nvidia.
I'm hoping to make 1-2k tomorrow off it
I see.
Well, I'm the Virgin "risk averse" slow burn sorta trader, in this meme.