Convince me to invest in RDN and WTC..
Rdn is going to Jupiter as we speak.
WTC is trash, buy wacoin instead.>> wacoin has an ACTUAL WORKING PRODUCT ALREADY>> also already won some awards in china provinceFuck WTC its a shit coin thats stuck at $4 forever.
Short sighted as fuck, Wabi is good but if you think it's better than WTC you need to research more and no I won't "Prove" it because that's your job as an investor.
RDN is at a top.
wait for it to dip.
dont mention RDN around here tho.
dont want biz shitting up one of my favsWTC is on sale.
holding some bags of this shit rn.
the price action has been tightening up which is a good sign of it breaking upward.
but could go down more too.
looks like it's found support tho.
so, gonna hold it for another day or two
This, wtc will be stuck until it gets working product if that even never happens.
Also it got overhyped and nobody gives a fuck about it anymore.
Because haters don't want to admit that wtc is going to $15-20 in Jan
Did you watch the boxmining video you faggot?
The product works well.
I agree RDN has potential, but I wouldn't touch fucking WTC, your money is better of in TIO 
I try following many of the popular cryptos as much as possible and still don’t understand the hate towards WTC.
Price has gone down over the past month but has still resisted fairly well against others.
The boxmining video really did it for me seeing the product in action.
I’m not sure what it is, but I have a good vibe from Walton especially since the wallet and block chain will be released in January.
Without comparing it to ANS/NEO, I really do believe it will fair well next year.
Theres so much hate for WTC everywhere and I honestly can't figure out why.
They've proven to have working tech, and if they actually developed what they claimed to have achieved with their blockchain - its gonna be huge.
WTC bagholder spotted LUL
That ass is Columbian
I baghold Wabi - VeChain - Modum - ambrosus - WTC and I'm buying https://shipchain.io Out of all of them WTC has the most potential.
LGD senpai its at ATL and launches in 4 months
I don't have, RDN moon without you 50$ pajeet.
Dude we on /boz wtf.I baghold over 1000 WTC and i still FUD it everyday and buying every dip below 4.5 mark.
WTC hahahahaha fuking shit coin with no product.
I'll be buying Wabi up on ED when it releases.
Has a product and a good one at that..