just sold my bch and re-bought btc in preparation for sleep.
I think by the morning bch will be crashing.
good idea?
Yeah most likely but its anyones guess with this market.I would much rather go to bed knowing I wont lose any btc than sleep and bch tanks
Might keep going up til the 13th.
Sometime after that day, this scam shitshow ends for good.
You justed yourself
4292681Hows it a scam explain???
?How is bitcoin segwit better then Bitcoin cash hmmmm????????
?That's because Higher fees, 1mb blocks, 3tps, 2 hour + confirmation times, and no upgrade to 2mb will never beat Bitcoin Cash Its impossible Please explain FAGGOTS
shhh pajeet im trying to sleep no yelling please
Selling the new Bitcoin,
I didn't call it a scam faggot but you could replace your argument with literally any other alt coin and it would be the same point, there is nothing special about bch.Everyone already knows btc is slow and plagued with ridiculous fee's compared to basically any other alt coin you could use to transfer money... but btc has a legacy and it is seen as a store of value exactly like digital gold, if you wanted to buy something in the store you wouldnt pay with a bar of gold as that would be inconvenient just like you wouldn't use btc to purchase something online.I personally think both can survive and bch will fufill its role as digital cash with fast transactions and low fees (basically stealing litecoins entire target market) but btc will always be the king and always be what real wealth is measured in, it will never be overtaken.
LOL CAN'T YOU SEE THE FUCKING BIG TRIANGLE???
WE ARE GOING INSANELY HIGH!
LOLOLOLOL
the way you wrote that post makes me believe it will not, sorry
DO YOU KNOW WHAT A FORK IS?????
?Bitcoin Cash is bitcoin you fucking brain dead brainwashed scum.
Bitcoin went through a hard fork to fix the congestion problem that is what happens when there are big protocol changes its called hard fork.
Whichever is the better solution will survive while the other dies which is why you get 1to1 for every fork coin so you don't have reason to bitch and complain because of flippening but a lot of you tards fell for the blockstream meme "BITCOIN CASH IS JUST AN ALT SELL SELL SELL ITS A SHITCOIN" you didn't listen and you know nothing about bitcoin history or how it works
realx man
Can you stop shouting?Of Course i know what a fucking fork is I can pretty much guarantee I've been in the crypto scene way longer than you, but it doesn't change the fact bitcoin cash is not the original chain and will never use the ticker btc, it will always be subpar to your bitcoin cash.Sorry buddy I can tell you were really excited about being able to say you own a full bitcoin after muh flippening but it's just not going to happen.
that is exactly how the last breakout looked, but this time it is one a bigger scale, so that is why I made that conclusion
hehe its dead on arrival, free money!>its a scam, after fork its dead>crashin when this noname company dumps their bch>definitely dies after upgrade>just wait until january when coinbase lets users dump itSAYS INCREASINGLY NERVOUS MAN FOR THE 7TH TIMEBtc bagholders will be the best pinj wojaks in crypto history.
Literally similar delusions as mainstream had against bitcoin in the past.
BCH isn't fast though LOLCompared to btc, it is, but it's slower than most altsIt's a shitcoin.
It serves no purposeThe only reason it has any legitimacy is the nameWhat happens next month when Bitcoin Fast (BTF) is released?
With 100x the speed of bch?
Do these desperate fomoing losers expect another flip?
I can see it now "With 5 second transaction times, it's the true bitcoin!!!
satoshis vision!!!"
Meanwhile nodes can only be run from giant servers because the chain is approaching 100TB after only a few monthsThey truly are deludedIt's digibyte all over again lmao
this will end just like valkyrie
set stop loss and take profit and sleep in peace
TB?
Wow, is that true?
I had no idea.
What exchanges can you set a stop loss on?
I've never seen that option anywhere.
Persistent blockchains don't work for microtransactions.
That's why people call Bitcoin "digital gold.
"Don't be deluded.
Don't be a cashie
BCH tankingits now morning in chinksville.