Can you guys please give me more of those crypto anime lewd girls please (pic related) so I can stop masturbating to charts.
tfw could maybe go to jail in britain for having vaguely aged vertcoin qt stored on my machine.
chiyomi is a highschool girlnothing strange with that
https://crypto-currency-girls.com/
holy shit.this could make waves in JP if it isn't already.
Does this work off XCP??
I think Book of Orbs uses XCP
Glad you like her, I'll try to make more when I get home in like 8 hours.
I have made any other lewd ones but I'll see what I can do.
I like the subtelty of the designsI could see this being an anime.
Would pay 0.1 btc to watch
OP, any coins or type of girls specifically you want to see?
If not I'll just make whatever.
Was planning on doing one for Syscoin already.
Please do and upload them here if you can :)
Well honestly it doesn't matter, any one is ok. Do whichever you want I guess and please post them here or make a /biz thread if this one gets archived
Can you do an OK Cash girl?
They have a big announcement on the 24th.
A cute
are you that faggot that refuse to draw loli and claim its considered cp
loli is cpbut it shouldn't be illegalbut it's cpbut it's not as haramits still cp thoughpeople who enjoy loli are pedosbut whatever
look at how wrong you areim going to masturbate to some loli hentai that is perfectly legal
Of course it is.
And it should be.
And you're also a pedo.
But I don't care so long as you aren't diddling kids, which I think most pedos don't actually do because they either have normal levels of sympathy with kids and don't want to fuck them up and/or are afraid of being caught.But you're still a pedo.
Just own up to it and accept yourself for who you are.
you are incorrect, you are delusionalyou are delusional, just admit itadmit it, you are delusional
no you are incorrect and delusionalif your loli isn't pseudololi with womanly post-pubescent like curves with just a neotenous face (for example, OP pic has enough of that to fit into this category), but bodies that actually seem pre-pubescent in every way, and they sexually excite you, you are a pedophileI'm not calling you a child molester or a child rapist or a predator in any way.
Simply a pedophile.
no you are incorrect and delusional
Haha no, but I remember that guy.
I don't care about that so much as long as it isn't full on pizza.
Besides I'm not that good a drawing yet, I specialize in digital coloring and pbotomanipulation, so I normally shop other pics and whore them out as crypto cuties
If loli is cp throw me in jail.
Don't believe you
tfw I just like the look of lolis and its merly an opinion/taste and people will ridicule you for having a different taste in females even though an opinion nor right or wrong.