>tfw you realize most people here are either losers or NEETs so I'm getting advice from people I shouldn't be listening to
pretty much
The same people that shilled bitcoin at 1 dollar, Ethereum at 5 cents and neo at 30 cents.
whats wrong begin a neet?
A lot of millionaires too.I'm unironically one
ehh i have an econ degree, and make 150k a year at 28I think you'll find a lot of creativity and drive here.It's like everyone wants people here to succeed.
even if you dont invest in meme coins its not a bad place to spend your time
are you invested in LINK?
Lol are you kiddingHalf the threads are about investing $400 and how they dropped out of school
/thread
Name?
Most people who want money are at this point.
Yes I did.
I like high potential bets.
thats because youre on the website at 12:00 on a working tuesday.
Most wage men are at work now, so you get the NEETS at this time.
I think there is much more people with a college degree than you think.I have a master in engineering.Being autistic doesn't mean you can't study and become rich.
I'm 25 and have $25,000 USD in crypto now (started with $500 in March 2016)Still coming here, /biz/ gave me the hot ETH tip when it was $10
I agree, and good for you.
Regardless what others may think, this website has a lot of foresight
It's the same at any time of day.
But anon I make almost 200K/year wagecucking from home
OH NO MY LINK MY LINK IS GONE
True.
Go read that thread about who has the worst life and now you know who is giving you advice.It is easy to find real information here vs. FUD, FOMO and shilling of heavy leftover bags from a pump.
Read carefully.
Do research even if they say that they have done research and present it to you it doesn't mean that they are telling the truth.
Even if they are it doesn't mean that the crypto they are pushing has value.
Not possible.
Computer programming from home won't earn you 200k a year, and day trading is a farce.
Your bullshit anon
What do you do?
Is it IT?
tfw at work but still browsing /biz/max comfy
You can be a database administrator from home.
Programming?
Lol is that what everyone thinks...
This year alone ;)What a farce.
Look at this guy with his econ degree.
He gets paid 150k to tell his boss if he decreases supply the demands and price goes up.
tfw you realize most people here are either losers or NEETs so I'm getting advice from people I shouldn't be listening toEven if they weren't, you shouldn't be getting your advice from here because it's fucking TERRIBLE.I don't know if there's been a influx of new/biz/ but I've noticed the tendency to jump to conclusions and mass conviction of tenuous links (pun intended) between announcements and the general paranoid-fantasies, coupled with the general shittiness of the questions asked show that intelligence, and general cognition is lacking here.I mean take the Vitalik post about Heroin.
Everyone is taking it to mean that he thinks CP is okay or something.
It was a major lapse in judgement to post such a contentious analogy, but /biz/ didn't even bother to see it in context or see it for what it was.
No, NO NO... Money Skeleton said the words "CP" and "Harmless" there is no need to even understand the rest of the sentence in their minds.
The "I could argue", wasted time reading that.Just think: THAT is the thinking that is going into their crypto portfolios!That is why I'm starting to think a lot of those "I borrowed 15k and lost it all" threads might actually be real.
It was a major lapse in judgement to post such a contentious analogyTo be frank, about half the posters didn't do the analogy.
It's much better than what you would find on other boards.You find retards everywhere, stop fighting.
Not many people do know this...
4360967>responding on different deviceI'm in technical presales faggot.
Great money in this role although you have to do a mix of sales and software engineering.
Company is predominantly remote so I get to work from home too.
Here's a stub from my Q4 bonus check last year.
Some Pajeet who sold off all his BTC in early 2016 ... not the smart person to take advice from
dumb biz poster
Honourable mentions:OMG at $0.80XMR at $6WTC at $0.50Hell back in 2014 /biz/ shilled Galaxy Resources stock, it was 20 cents and is currently $4.
For a stock those are incredible returns.Honestly love you cunts.
Pretty much this.I'm not Mr.
Businessman, but I dumped a couple hundred into BTC 4 years ago and I'm happy as a clam.
Have dumped into most crypto since._-----------Just dump some into any crypto that makes its way to a reliable exchange.
Some bomb, most don't.
This shit is not rocket science.
It's basically just the crypto version of a boring index fund.If you need your money to be exciting, put Christmas lights around your monitor.
too late to buy WTC?
Well, $400 at first exchange rate of 0.003USD would be 133,333.3 BTC or roughly One Billion USD as of last market high.Laszlo Hanyecz made the first real-world transaction by buying two pizzas inFlorida for 10,000 BTC.
--- $73,000,000 for two pizzas.
Nice.
that and pretty much shills + people who look at 5 minute charts all day and immediately rush to this board to post memes the first sign of a breakout in either direction
Well, id there really is gonna be a breakout those post are kinda useful (if done on time)