What Strategy works out best if you only have 1200 dollars?
And what overal strategy works the best for crypto?
Besides BTC it seems like TA is useless and its all about hype and P&D's...
I'd strictly buy hyped ICOs and flip that shit quick.
Last I heard the "buy as much LINK as you can" strategy is pretty effective
Just buy link shithead.
In 1 year it will be worth 20$.
buy 1200 lottery tickets
how do you find the hyped ones?
They're the ones that the cringy Youtubers promote that also have some sort of bonus for first wave buyers.
IE Electroneum.
Made an easy 40% on that shitcoin.
can you name some cringy youtubers?
Find an undervalued project (low market cap) that you really like and believe it will succeed.
Go all in.
Then hold for minimum 6 months.For me, it's Horizon State (HST).
I like their concept, I like the team, very undervalued so there's a massive room for growth.I put all $2000 I had, been going through ups and downs in the last few days but I'm not worried because I'm in this for a long term.
Buy btcUse it as leverage to swing trade eth, or buy GOOD HIGH VOLUME ALTS ONLY when they are low.. like neo at any point under $28, or omg under $7.
sell at 10%rinse repeat
put it in a fucking savings account you retard dont invest when you have less than 10k cash first jesus christ
Horizon Statewhere can I buy this senpai?
Buy weed stocks
Sincerely buy link it has never been this low.
When Alt will recover even a bit Link will go +30-50% easily.Good for a swing trade and good for holding at this price.
It's currently only on ED, anon https://etherdelta.com/#HST-ETHBut on Sunday, it will be traded on Cryptopia.
Also KuCoin and Livecoin will list HST by the end of this month.
4418785>CorrectionHST will be listed on Kucoin, Cryptopia and Livecoin by the end of the month.Kucoin will go live first here are the count downs to depositing and trading:Deposits Available: Saturday 3pm UTC+8Live: Sunday 3pm UTC+8Livecoin will begin Trading on November 22nd.Cryptopia will begin trading by end of November.
It's easy OP!
You simply deposit it all on BitMEX, and be patient.
Once you find a good entry point, use about 1/10th of your deposit to start easing yourself into a position.
You can always adjust it later depending on conditions.
Just take profit, don't get greedy, and you can make plenty!
If you use the link, you get a discount on fees for 6 months!
https://www.bitmex.com/register/eY1A09
here you go
Scam
What's the scam?
Fill me in big boy.
Read an article that the website stops working after you placed your 100x order so you can't take gains
That's never happened to me and I've made dozens of 100x trades there.
It's still a lot safer to stick to lower leverage.
The worst latency it has is nothing abnormal among trading platforms, Kraken is far worse.
High volatility moments are fairly foreseeable if you have been trading for more than a few months, and a lot of people are simply negligent about setting stop losses.
4418785Just bought 200 on EDGod I hate this exchange so fucking much
take risks on coins that have massive upsides.
not btc/ltc/eth.
something with a smaller market cap.
link for instance, it has upside.
now it's a meme, so dyor.request, airswap, etc all of these have tiny market caps and can do atleast a 2x
Buy 1 BCH, hold for life.Srs.
retard y r fooling noob, Electroneum ico coins not yet in market.
right now only miners able to sell.
once etn tokens out that will fall below ico price u retard
4418871don't put it in a bank account unless you are not financially stable.
if you have $1200 doing nothing, it's not worth keeping it in a bank account losing 1% to inflation each year.
Put it into bitconnect.
You can double it in 3 months
Aim for small, daily compounding gains instead of megamoons (ex.
5% daily gains each day), instead of chasing pumps of throwing coins in on whatever shill coin is hyped at the moment.
Uses stop losses to protect your capitol and sell in partials based on fib, etc lines.
Have a plan, with entry and exit in mind.Go for coins about to enter upwards into the Ichi cloud on the 1 hr or 4 hr (20, 60, 120, 30 settings), especially if the Stoch RSI is crossing upwards.
Buy low, sell high.
Don't chase pumps.
Do that, and getting gains on small jumps up each day is pretty easy.With $1,200, +5% daily each day after a month is $5,186.
Two months of 5% daily gains starting with $1,200 is $22,415.
Three months is $101k.If you go the way /biz/ goes, by throwing all your coins into random pump and dumps and ICOs without using any TA or non-bubble FA while trading on emotions, you'll likely get rekt.Love,Lain
Pretty much, I tripled my money like this on LINK.
Just don't fall for the dumbasses going, "NEVER SELL, WE GOING TO JUPITER WEEEEEEE"
Everyone should have a couple months wages tucked away just in case an emergency happens.
I've been pretty successful doing the market making strategyI tried day trading shit coins and kept making bad trades, then I tried buying and hodl and kept getting JUST'd so I kept everything I bought and started doing market making with 370 dollarsThat was a week ago, and I am now at 1350 dollars.
Idk if I've been just really lucky or it is actually this easy and I've been memed by /biz/ for the past 6 months
what is market making strategy?can u recommend anything to learn TA and that cloud stuff?
How do you go about scanning for coins meeting the buy patterns you specified in a quick and efficient way?
you basically just find stable coins that fluctuate predictably over and over (like ripple, eth, and lots of shit coins like DGB, RDD, DOGE etc) and just put your buy orders in the lower limt and sell orders in the upper limitFor example, right now RDD is worth like 15 SATS so you buy at 15 sell at 16 over and over.
Each time you get 6.5% return.
The only risk with that is the coin can quickly dump and you are SOL I guess, which is why it would be safer with something like Ripple but youll get a lower return
scam
only risk with that is the coin can quickly dump and you are SOLdunno if crypto is mature enough but you can hedge this with futures.
Don't listen to 
1200 dollarsBuy 1 BCH
That was discussed in the LTC thread: