I hate these fucking normies.
They keep trashtalking coins like REQ and LINK because they have a low marketcap.>those bags must be getting heavy huh?But are now eating up coins like NEO and LISK because they rose in price significantly.
I hope these faggots get burned.
They'll buy LINK once the mainnet is out and they FOMO in, which will push the price from, say, $3 to $5.
You'll end up taking their money, don't worry.
why Do u even visit reddit?
My buddy whos into cryptocurrency keeps spamming my reddit links.
He didnt buy LINK or REQ either.
He bought in NEO at $50 after ive been telling him about Antshares at $4
it happens here too lol.
everyone relentlessly shits on the real money makers like LINK because they have a low market cap and thus are shit, apparently.
Hello fellow 4channer :3!
glad to see another intelligent person among the hordes of "Normies"!
Haha feelsbadman amirite?
Well, I'm off to go /b/ random (Get it?)
Hopefully I'll see you around, I'll remember your I.D.
I dont understand how market cap affects price?
>Sergey adjusts presale terms to give more LINK corresponding to dropped ETH price, and to distribute LINK to all the overfilled private pools that were made public (thanks to /biz/)>everybody in slack is happy, this is what they asked for>as a result, less is available for public ICO>rather than cancel public ICO like others, they held it with a smaller cap>butthurt redditor doesn't understand, complains that ICO cap was lower and misleading to him>large thread on reddit about LINK having a scam ICO>post probably inspired well-known redditor Buterin to delete his post about SmartContract.com and say oracles aren't worth that much>gets used as FUD constantlydumb redditors ruin everything and think they know what they're talking about
Thats why you are a brainlet pos

threatening to rape someone over the internet>fixating on the size of their genitals>calling him a faggot when you're the one saying you might have to fuck another mananon pls
seriously, dude
But looks like reddit is once again right?
REQ and LINK are not really performing well right now.