You have 10 seconds to give me ONE good reason why you aren't investing in this man.
You have 10 seconds to give me ONE good reason you shitpost this cock gobbler every day.
Buy latest Tesla years pass the next Tesla is 10 times betterrepeat
I don't like the colour red
Where do I buy Eloncoin?
because his ventures are risky.
i want actual profits from my investments, not a sense of self superiority.i'll buy his cars if they're good, but i'm not investing in his companies until he either calms it down with the tesla bullshit or turns spacex into a trillion dollar company.
I only invest in shitcoins.
Sad!
You have 10 seconds to give me ONE good reason why you are shitting on the streets.
Powr
You need Tesla first to fund SpaceX
invest in dude who got rich off obama subsidies?No thx.
He is a living meme.
His meme companies are far from profitable.
He only generates more debt.
If the next economic crisis hits us his companies will go bankrupt.
spacex can (and plans to) to fund itself.
it doesn't need tesla's funding.
elon's double-handed shit is exactly what pisses me off.
He started a new car company.
That's very tough, Apple tried and they didn't see it as a viable option.
They're going to have a lot of debt as they grow, but they will explode in profits.
500,000 reservations and the model 3 didn't come out yet, they will be on the market for years.
Tesla is setting down many fixed costs and is sourcing many of their own parts.
He's good at creating more debt.
No thanks.
I have had a conversation with this anon, and his understanding on this subject is limited.
Literally autism.
The market values his companies at a rich valuation due to the risk adjusted future cash flows.
I invested 25k at 205 and am still holding today.
Up about 50%>muh shitcoins
He is a mong that keeps making new projects instead of sticking to his more worthwhile ones like Tesla and fucking SpaceX.Instead he tries to sell snake oil like Hypermeme and missile human transportation.
how do you post this every week for over a year and yet these brainlets still repond to you.The new fags truly are a fucking plague
/pol/
I'm going to pay this rare genius to help me design a personal deep underground hyperloop so I can quickly travel from my country estate to my beach house.
Butt hurt faggot quits advisory over muh Paris climate autism.
Pass.
Never had a profitable quarter Never can deliver the promised amount of carsMercedes is going electric
You have 10 seconds to name ONE company this man has made that has ever turned a profit.
EVERY FUCKING CAR COMPANY GETS SUBSIDIES AND GOBBLES THEM ALL UP.Tesla actually paid them back.
With interest.>muh Obumur>libruls>magakys
Paypal>zip2line>Spacex
Because the government will do it for me and from that we'll pull all those petrolheads kicking and screaming into the future
Zip2PayalI gave you two
I can't believe that you people are talking shit about Elon Musk, if you don't like him you are silly and can't recognize greatness.
Please explain to me how SpaceX is not a massive success.
They have no competitors who can keep up with their prices because of reusable rockets.
I bet he has had to fight against the little jealous people his whole life.
I know the feels.
That's why I drive a beat up car instead of a rolls, because I've learned that you really can't have nice things, so just go for straight utility and learn to blend in among them.
And most of all, let your money set you free, not enslave you further.
Elon is living his dreams and I hope he takes over the whole fucking world.
Mercedes is going electricYet none can compete.
He's an atheist cunt, I hope he goes bankrupt
Elon hasn't proved it viable either.
Tsla is running out of cash.
He will find God later.
He's a young pup.
What difference does it make?
He has fake hair.
I don't trust him.
You have no idea how crushing it is to be a hairlet.t.
nu-male receding baldness