GO BACK IN TO YOUR ROOM!
painfully bad, unfunny
You should've sold buddy... :(
he bought BCC in ATHLOLKEK!!!
I think it's cute fuck u
how long did you spend making this unfunny meme?
NO I'M NOT A SHITCOIN I HAVE BITCOIN IN MY NAME RESPECT ME
I laughed ;)
MB blocks your path
>tfw bought low sold high
Surely that should say "GO BACK INTO YOUR CELL!
"Look at this bunch of nutters we're dealing with.
A convicted criminal, a proven liar, someone who was on the run for murder, a pedophile sympathizer, someone making hardware containing mechanisms to gain hidden advantage.
A whole host of pump and dumpers, artificially driving up price to steal the Bitcoin brand and make it their own centralized shitcoin.We see them.
They're done.
Bunch of ad hominems and jibberishCurious what will happen when the fork goes through.
If it keeps around a 1000$ around 1/6 in hashpower will mine BCH
bch bag holder spotted
Oh no... :(
Not making a gif to start threads
Don't worry anon.
Recoup those BCH losses.
I have a great offer for you and only you, and it is guranteed to return big.
Not even enough hashrate to be moved to his bedroom
cashcucks on suicide watch
el oh el
why so many BTC shills in the last few hours?
What are they afraid of?
This is a sign.The fork for bch goes on today to upgrade bch to make it more profitable for minersThat pump wasn't artificial.
That panic sell was real..
We have reached a critical mass of bullshit and now everyone is finally sick of it.Don't forget: most people with BTC also have BCH from the airdrop.
There is absolutely nothing to lose from seeing BCH sky rocket.Problem is, if prices start to look like they are stuffed with bullshit, the whole cryptocurrency movement looks shitty and loses value.
Everyone wants organic growth.
Price fixing and market rigging is literally what turned most people onto crypto against fiat in the first place.
If we cannot make this technology look like it is immune to cartelism, then nobody is going to bother to switch.
That means no fresh money, and no Lambo for you.
Short term profit < Long term gains.
HAHAHA.
Jihan is already mining BTC again.
He has no allegiance to anything but profit.
Btrash BTFO
Japanese mining that is about to become online should break the monopoly.Hopefully, as price grow ever larger, we'll see big mining operations in others countries too.
/thread
underrated.
That pic looks like btc is lifting bcc using the force which is funny because thats whats happening right now.Bcc going up and btc staying in the ground unable to move.
This is the last time they spoke as friends.
Nothing is immune to cartelism.
Everyone knows individuals will always be beat by tribes or teams.
Why do you think the jews preach individualism and "freedom" so much?
Its because with it you are easily taken advantage of by a group.
Shit if anything maybe btc will teach people why its so important to be a part of something bigger than yourself (family, tribe, etc)
BCH IS TUMBLING DOWNNNNNNNNNNNNHELP HELP FUCKING HELP CHAINLINK ALL OVER AGAIN