
get on a faster network and charge your phone richfag
But goy, that's not even close to a million after taxes
Go all in to BTC tomorrow evening when it's at it's lowest and you will make it easy after everyone gets their fork coins and go back to BTC.tip appreciated:0x14bA4327999E9Bb46AB2b1C2b9f26D59798AFa5f
good work annon, though i would dump those pay bags when you can.
thats cute opi can also type randoms values into blockfolio
sorry anon, but 40% is going to taxes.
better double that if u wanna be a millionaire
What fork coins?
Do you mean from Coinbase?
Isn't that in January?
Don't forget taxes.
When did u buy that ethCongrats btw
saltlending.com avoid those gains taxes homie
Send me some eth and i swear you’ll be a millionare this month!
Give the poor some change for god sake!
0x37e0989b9559EbADD4965a01Be17C9a8164456fe
Do you guys really pay taxes on your coin gains?
Bitcoin Cash fork on the 13th, that's why it's shooting up now.
Congratulations brother
Only if you cash out.
In the US the IRS will be up your ass.
Keep good records.
will there be free coins for bch holders or will that shit lock erryone out?
yup, not really interested in spending time in jail.
IRS dont fuck around
What if you just withdraw it from ATM's?
Or open a bank account in another country with a lax government and cash out there?
I always think this when I see these threads.How dumb is /biz/ to blindly believe a LARPer with extremely easy-to-fake evidence?
Nice one Felix W. Since you can't still in the discord you've been banned from you go 4chan.This dude is well known for constantly posting his blockfolio all the time.
Holders of BTH get the forked coins yes.
imagine being so stupid that you pay taxes on your crypto
BTH = bitcoin cashBCC = also bitcoin cash on bittrexcorrect?bcc holders also get coins or is it just specific to a few exchanges?
4304505No there's no forked coins.
This isn't a contentious hard fork.
The emergency difficulty adjustment is getting ditched.
That's it.
What if you just withdraw it from ATM's?Withdrawing from atms is cashing out.
>Or open a bank account in another country with a lax government and cash out there?That's shady.
May work but the IRS won't like it.
self madeoh nice man, what is your job role on ethereum my man?
How do you get around it?
How is the IRS going to know you withdrew money from a bitcoin ATM?
cash dorras stacked under yo bed nigga
Here's how you know it's Felix>New Zealand time on the phone>Low battery>Bragging about his eth>Needs validation constantly from the internet
You will need more than a million dollars to retire sadly, unless you live in a shitty part of the world.
Life sucks.
fake
cash outlelthat's impossible
how so?he could easily sell all 3000 ethereum over a week or two without effecting the price.
Honestly idk.
But they want you to report it.
It's playing with fire.
DOESNT MEAN SHIT NIGGA.
ANYONE CAN TYPE UP ANYTHING ON THAT APP NIGGA TRY HARDER YOU KEK PIG FUCKER
imagine being so stupid that you pay taxes on your cryptoYou might be able to get a pass now but it's only going to get worse.
Do you think the government will just let us have all these unregulated gains without trying to get a piece?
Hey I live in Europoor shithole with 15% income taxCome here for 6 months and a day.
I will get your shit handled.... for a 5% comission ofcMerchant.jpg
FUCK YOU
 Goes to third world country - JapanKek USA GET REKT
Lmao, fucking underrated
I'm so close to becoming a self-made decamillionaire at 30
are you sure BTC will go up again?
charge your fuckin phone
BCH isn't experiencing a contentious hard fork you dumb biz nigger.
Those "fork coins" are literally useless.
4305662Im soo close to fucking stacy's ass
Big if true.
When did you buy in?
taxes
Pewdiepie is into crypto?
Of course it will.