Ok /biz/ i posted here a couple months back about how i used to solo mine with my quad core computer back in 2011 and didnt have access to my HDD untill today.
I've searched online how to re-upload my wallet.dat file back into the bitcoin core wallet but its liberally taking forever to sync with the network.
Is my wallet.dat file corrupted.
Or is there a faster way to see what I have in there.
I wish this was Larp its driving me insane.Ps thats the car If this shit works.
Do you remember the address?
That's impossible.
gif mi your prevete key, maybe i can help upromise, no pajeet
Assuming I can help you, will I get something for this?
If I have in there.
I give you my word.
No joke.
Okay, so let's go ...First of all I would like you to check the date of the file to see if there was corruption.
Date modified 27/04/11
Have you actually downloaded the blockchain?
If you're using Bitcoin Core, it needs to download the whole chain first.
4483119don't listen to this asshole anon first of all tell us wich kind of level are your skills
How many GB will that be roughly?
Im on a 100GB plan per month and I've gone over 60%.
Just use this as a guide.
Hope you have lots and are rich anon.https://bitcoin.stackexchange.com/questions/10974/import-wallet-dat-into-a-new-bitcoin-qt-client14ANjYiWWaRJ3ZTkPVSnNpdXgxjgXUsZ37
100GB plannot enough bro
remember don't fell for the there was corruption.meme.....You really want to find a program not updated since 2011 because cryptography went so fast the majority of the protocols on your .dat are deprecated and new interpreters won't read it for incompatibility not corruption
Assuming you find a wallet full of btc... if you go and spend it on a goddamn car you're a fucking idiot.
By yourself a house, own it free and clear, then get a fucking car.
So probably the file is not corrupted.You will have to download over 100GB and it will take a lot of time to finish this sync.
If its going to be that big then I'm just going to upgrade my internet plan.
So as I see it now theres no quick way of doing this?
Got a laptop?
Go to a friends house or something who has real broadband and download the blockchain there.
What do you want for now?
just check how much you have in the wallet or have access to it?
No.
Once you have the chain, move your coins into an electrum wallet or other light wallet of your choice
Can't you just install electrum wallet and replace the wallet.dat file with your own?
Will that work?
Not 100% sure but it wouldn't hurt.
Electrum doesn't need you to download the entire blockchain.
Worth a go14ANjYiWWaRJ3ZTkPVSnNpdXgxjgXUsZ37
He will have to use Bitcoin Core because no other wallet uses the wallet.dat format.
Furthermore, the wallet format has changed over time, and only the latest version of Bitcoin Core will work with all of them.
Just download and install Bitcoin Core, start it and let it create the datadir.
Then stop Bitcoin Core, put the wallet.dat file in the Bitcoin Core data folder, replacing whatever wallet.dat file is automatically created, and start it again.
You may need to start Bitcoin Core with -upgradewallet for the wallet to work properly.
If you found my tip valid and find many bitcoins and want to reward me my wallet is:12z6Yc4GSB3H8r5oji1VeeJdg2cPFpVEU3
Will that work?nobecause 
Don't need to download the whole chain.
Once you have bitcoin core installed and while it's downloading, go to the terminal window and use commands to export all addresses and private keys into a text file.
You can then sweep those keys using a light wallet on your phone.
Search google for the steps and command lines.
Any luck OP?
Thank you for the bitcoin OP.
FUCK MY LINK IS GONE
If I have in there.
I give you my word.
No joke.
Good luck OP.A few weeks ago I found a wallet from 2013 with 0.1 BTC in it on an old laptop.
The wallet was no longer supported (multibit) and not recognising wallet.dat.
Found a backup wallet.dat and managed to get the BTC transferred out to an electrum wallet.That £58 purchase from 2013 is now worth ~£600.Also found an Litecoin wallet, it's not recognising shit.