Kek kek kek
This isn't even close to hitting exchanges yet right?
I'm all in on this.
I've been BTFO'd for the past 3 months.
It's my only fucking hope.
If it tanks I'm out of crypto.Anyways can someone explain this to me: PreICO-ers bought at 0.04 right?
And they can sell back immediately to WaBi for 8.5, thus making a 212X profit?
Am I retarded or is this fucking incredible?
Hits the 28th.
Whitelist for ICO is over.
No more people allowed in.
Which exchange is it gonna be on?
BTS.
Wait seriously?
I thought they didn't do a presale bonus.I'll wait till it dips like crazy
What is this frog pajeets?
EtherDelta I hear because it's an ERC20 token but probably another exchange too.The team buys back the tokens though to prevent it being dumped.
And PreICO-ers get an option to freeze their coins for 3/6months, which rewards them 5%/10% more coins.
Honestly if I was in that position I'd take the 3 month option.
They did presale, all tokens from presale are locked for 3-6months after ico thou.
4509961-6 monthsSo they don't have a set date yet?
I don't want to get JUSTed when they all dump their coins
There's not going to be an initial dump unless all ICO participants dumped (which they won't).
The buyback and freeze system is in place specifically to prevent this.
You can choose between 3 or 6 months.
If you hold longer, the more bonus you get (5% vs. 10%).They wrote a Medium article if you wanna look it up.
PreWaBi were sold at 1 USD each, and we promised to exchange them to WaBi at 1:43 (making the effective price of Wabi 1/34=0.03).Does this clarify?0.25/0.03=8.5X, 8.5/1=8.5X in the same way
There's not going to be an initial dump>You can choose between 3 or 6 months.Majority of them are gonna pick 3 months and dump it then
Wtf is with the whitelist it's so full it's 1-2 eth per person yeh
Note the word "initial", brainlet.
ah yes, baby food token.
In for 100k!
I just want to know when to sell and then buy back for the dip By 3 months they mean 90 days or what?
has a lot of potential.. baby foods, alcohol, fake electronics.. the list goes on really.
An actual IRL product being adapted in China and planned to be used on alcohol and other products
Not sure about the exact date.
Won't be for at least 3 months though so you have that amount of time to figure it out.
Where do you find out about coins like these as earlier as you did?
Bitcointalk?
It'll be like DRP where it goes below ICO even though its an 8 million marketcap lol
The Jews
Only 300k for presale
No, honestly there was a thread here a week or so ago.
I feel your pain with finding projects.
My advice is seriously look at anything shilled here.
Don't immediately disregard it.
For example I thought POWR was BS shilling and missed out on 500%.
tfw could have bought ANS/NEO in May if i had only listened
Same here and also missed out on DGB granted I was new then
as does literally all RFID start ups, its just 1 in a sea start ups doing the same thng.
What other startup has a working, selling IRL product with a Chinese government grant and Alibaba advisors?
i got 2 whitelisted accounts :D
Why bother with two?
walton, modum, vechain