Agrello had a successful and informative blockchain event in Japan today and will be launching their new website in a few hours.
Binance and many fintech companies (Everex, Monetha) in Tokyo, Japan.
Agrello Smart Contracts is already being used by Blockhive and Cashaa and will be central to every fintech and AI based legal contract in the future.
Agrello Delta tokens (DLT) is going to moon, it was just listed in Binance as part of this partnership.Happy shopping before the moon!
Post the link to the presentation.
Please.
The most undervalued coin15M MARKET is a joke
New site just launched .http://www.agrello.io/With the potentials it holds its really undervalued.
Yeah this shit is objectively undervalued but I wouldn't count on a pump right now.
If it was going to pump on this news it would've done so yesterday.
Here is link to today's presentation in Tokyohttps://youtu.be/UWYthghrOdk?t=2h11m54s
Agreed!
Very well thought and necessary project.
It seems the new site is use cases for Enterprises and the old one is for Personal use cases like rental agreement.
4379789Stop ruining my investment with your low effort shilling.
People can see it's the same person by your ID you idiot.
It is a long term hold , not a pump and dump.As long as blockchain is there, smart contracts are to be needed.
The list of Agrello's clients continue to grow:Cashaa and Blockhive are going to use the digital identity and smart contracts for ICO and loans.lexit.co is using agrello for contracts for mergers and acquisitions.Their digital identity app sneak peak should be coming out in a day.
It will have a steady growth because it is at its bottom and in the future its use cases are numerous.
tn and myself are using same office ip address , we are colleagues.
Nice new site.
More business oriented, lacks a bit on content, but contains a lot of names in the devs section, 25 developers to be exact.
That is great!
I don`t think the website will do much to the price, but once those 25 developers starts to push out code it will get the ball rolling for sure!
Agrello is backed by the Estonian Government and will make it tremendously easier for ICOs to launch and be in compliance with securities and KYC guidelines.Every use-case of Agrello platform requires use of the Delta token.
Easily my best bet for 2018.
GONNA SHATTER ALL RECORDS Baby.
Imagine hyper agrellonisation when all icos are suddenly channeled thru it and multinationals start using their real world platform
In both Agrello and BlockCAT.
I'm gonna buy a lambo in that lime green tic-tac colour.