PEOPLE ACTUALLY SOLD BTC AT THE VALLEY OF THE DIP AND BOUGHT BCH AT AN ATHAND NOW BTC IS GOING BACK UP AND BCH IS CRASHINGHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHAHAHAOMG I JUST CAN'T- AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHAHAHHAHAHHAHAHFUCKING HE-HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHAHAHAJAJJAJAJAHHA
you are amazing anon, please tell me btc will get to 7300 in the next half hour/ hour
whales just love doing the opposite of market sentiment and fucking everyone over
went long on bch at 1k>sold with loss at 900>went short at 900>it's going upkill me please
Stop gambling you degenerate.
biz never listens this is the problem with you hodlersyou lose track of the market, and you get emotionally attached to your coins.i can give you all the advice in the world but you won't listen because you are trading with emotion
it's called TA.
bad TA, but it's not gambling.i closed my short and went long.get ready for another crash
BCH going for 1.3k run RIGHT NOW.Go watch it if you're not gonna buy!
Tell me your TA, and I will buy against you.
doing TA on internet magic meme money manipulated by chinks in the middle of a format war
just do the most rational thing you would do.
the market does the opposite anyway
Finance Major here.Shut the fuck up faggot, BCC it is just going to flatten again.
Re-invest in BTC and try to get back your losses, or secure it back in USDT if you do not feel safe to invest.
i like volatility.
i lost 33% today, but i will make it back in 30 minutes probably.i got more chances to get experience this way.
i pity 20th centuries stock traders who needed years to make +50%
Bitcoin's correction is far from over
why the market do the opposite?
The /biz/ way
This is pump and dump.
A lot of you fools will get burned.
ask the market.
why did btc pump after the fork cancellation?
i made +50% there between pump and shorting dump, but i don't see any logic there.the best tactic for me was watching 1m chart on high volatility coin and try to recognize peaks and dips
It's a classic bull trap.
I called the previous as well.
Let them buy.
We buy sub 6k
good thing I don't touch this stuff.
missed potential +100%>"hurr durr i dodged a bullet"kek
Doing TA on coins that are priced in BTC
i do ta on btc only.
now i just on the bch train for ez gains/losses
 problem with your hodlersive been hodling bitcoin since the beginning, and it has always worked out for me.
How the fuck are HODLers losing out?Sure if you're hodling onto alts, but if you're getting involved with alt coins you're a fucking idiot or a gambler anyway.
That people here constantly try to avoid this reality or temporarily paper over it, does not change the facts.
Hope you sold some on the way up so that your investment is all gravy and you’ll never actually go red.
This has happened so many times ,a coin like eth pumps and people call it the flippening then bitcoin pumps and wipes everything out
that's different for someone who got in now, or a few months ago.people look for the easy way out, which means listening to people they don't know.
/biz/ shilled bch hard when it mooned not knowing it will crash in a few hours.
this only happens to people that lost track of the market and looking for easy profit.not gonna lie, i bought BCH when it was 30% up.
but i sold at 50% because i was feeling it was going up too fast
i'm pretty sure you'll kill yourself if/when the flipping happens.but anyway, there is a point in holding if you have a decent initial budget.
unless you have atleast 10k (which is still literally nothing) there is no point in holding.you can make +100% each day if youproperly daytrade with leverage on shitcoins
its going back up its at 950 again as we speak pajeet
This correction isn't over yet though.
It hasn't even started yet

I have no idea what you guys are on about.
I was trading around with 20% of my stack (because I'm not a degenerate) for like 4 hours as bch was mooning and made like +50% of that without a single margin position.The whales aren't "doing the opposite", you're just low iq.
Give up trading.
Coordinated PnD group if you guys want some easy gains, just remember to sell at the peaks and don't be retarded https://discord.gg/u7kgySu
https://discord.gg/NKhHtfU join this group, sell at the peak, easy 20-30%You can work up the ropes and make even more, like 40-50% if you invite people to join.https://discord.gg/NKhHtfU
For now BCH Is mooning again
4 hours as bch was mooningyeah, daytrading, that's what i wrote about in my other post.
i almost recovered my -33% loss btw.
1 more hour and i'm good
BCH is going to 1.3k.Check it roundeye dog brains.
We'll see, bucko ;]
i made everything back, ez
kek