what should I invest in to make fast short term gains?
So far im looking at lisk, ark and stellar
Moonshots at this moment are REQ and LINK.I own REQ so I'll shill that.Buy REQ.
Grab some ink on allcoin
Gvt
kneepads because one you lose all your money on a shit coin in only 2 weeks you're gonna have to start sucking dick to get back to where you were
I'll answer for all of /biz/:ARK and LINK/thread
you guys have been saying lin kfor the past month already give it up
put it in fbl and do 3x with in a week, use those 3x to build better portfolio.
but do DYOR on FBL.
but once it hit binance u have time it well sell at 3x
gvthttps://etherdelta.com/#GVT-ETHi say this to you with all sincerityif you invest 1000$ in some high market cap coins, you'll be LUCKY if you make 2-300$ within the week.find some low market cap coins on ED, i made over 3000$ in the past 2 days (not kidding, and my bankroll is nothing special, under 10k)that GVT recommendation i gave you will be the next big thing.i bought in at .0075 for your reference.
$FCT is going to moon over the next few dayshonestly wont be surprised if it doubles, but don't get your hopes that high
$FCT is my coin of choice.
Seems to be what everyone is shilling right now.
I decided to go all in due to its pretty natural looking growth.
Hopefully no PnD BS on this one.
You are on the right track with Lisk.
Try and buy it on a dip if you can.I also co-sign the FCT recommendation.
It's undervalued still so buy wherever.
I bought into the $FCT shilling earlier and am already almost up 10%.
Thanks to whatever faggot dropped that earlier.
Oh, forgot to say POWR might be worth getting also.Honestly just find a few good gainers on an uptrend, and get whichever one offers you the dip.
heh.Also, since you are new, make sure yuo keep an eye on Bitcoin.When bitcoin starts going up, alts will fall.HOWEVER, today at least, LISK and FACTOM have both been VERY resistant to Bitcoin's rise.
put 10k in>get 3k out>"profit"I love internet investors.
Endless entertainment desu.
Within the next couple of months?
Salt.
Hands down.
Projects like LINK will take a long time moon.