over 60% of my portfolio was in NEO and POWR, I just had this amazing feeling about powr because it's, idk, ACTUALLY BEING USED AND HAS REAL PARTNERSHIPS UNLIKE 99.9999% OF OTHER CRYPTOS.I'm so fucking happy right now, breached the 400k mark todayThis is my theme song: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F47AfASOnA8
POWR is a comfy af hold.
We've got the buying support of a bunch of aussies who've never even touched crypto before.
possible new partnership with India just tweetedmeeting on wednesday
Real aussies aren't touching this pile of shit for good reason
yea you mean the coin with increasing volume and huge gains every hour you're a fuckin retard ay
Go to reddit and see how many aussies are there buying in without knowing even the most basic crypto information such as what marketcap and satoshis are.
This coin has normie support and the train isn't stopping.
it's in a different playing field than all the other coinsit's government funded and they're dealing with other government's as well.
a ton of announcement's are incoming and you think it's value won't spike in the near future.
you're crazy man
Real aussies aren't touchingyeah cause Australians are stupid and inbred and descendants of violent criminal rejects of Europe who then went on to breed with the even dumber and more violent aboriginal natives thus further polluting their already degenerate genetics.Guess it's up to America, Europe, Chinks, and Jews to save your sorry asses from your own gross political negligence which winded you up in this power crisis in the first place.
Real Aussie here.Isn't Power a footy team?Can I buy beer off this blockchain thingy?
went all in at 3500 sats.
what do you think will be the price after this week?
probably 1 satoshi
Why invest in them then?
Read your post again
Ahh why do I always miss these crazy pumps
Just because a race is retarded doesn't mean you can't profit off of them.
How much money have newport cigarettes made billions off blackscause you're fucking dumb.
I was shilling power for 2 weeks here.
With actual arguments, not just memes.
Fuck you stay out.
When do we sell senpaitachi?
Will we go all the way to 1$?
you sell at $5 idiot.
stop thinking so small.
Fuck off cunt, people like you have made this board shit.>Duurrr u have no crypto moon?
YOU DUMB!
I AM SMAERT!You get the fuck off my board.
I'm rich and you're poor.
Get off my earth, faggot.
You get your ticket by putting a gun in your mouth and pulling the trigger.