Extremely low market cap.
I heard about this project months ago and there was a lot of hype prior to ICO.
I thought it would sell out quickly and I didn't want to take part in it.
When I found out a week ago that it raised a little more than 2 million$ I couldn't believe it.
Later I found out that they had a little problems with marketing and then after a first week or two they said that they have enough funds to build what they need, and they are going to earn money by making their app extremely profitable for both them and investors.Charlie Shrem is working closely with team along with some other recognizable names from crypto world(Lykke team is working with them as well) and CEO and founder of Changelly.They are experts in their field(Last year they won hackRussia which is big tech contest held every year aiming to unite people, technologies and innovations.
GV concept won the Finance & Blockchain section of the competition), so I really have no doubts that they can deliver everything on their roadmap.Literally every single low market cap project went at least 4x-10x last week.
This time will be no different.
Like I said last time, I am ETH holder but I trade on daily basis, and I am never comfortable leaving big money in alts.
But I know when I am going to make money and this is it.
I think that x5-x10 in short period of time is very likely scenario.https://genesis.vision/
wow they plummeted fast
This shitcoin again lmao
raised $3 mil in ICO out of $33 mil capthis ico was buried due to the BTC fork and a truly hidden gem.
only 3.7 million circulating supply and even if this hits their original ico cap of $33 mil...that would be 5x from now.They already have an existing client base that handles billions of asset a day known as Tools For Brokers - Forex technology provider:www.t4b.com/Don't miss out, I jumped into WTC at $0.8 and VTC at $1.70.
stay poor or buy it once it reaches $6
you think WTC has $8 in it again?
Good call on WTC but getting in VTC at 1.7 isn't much to brag about.
It was shilled on Reddit for literally months before it even broke $1.Regardless, this coin does look promising.
Yes wtc has a blockchain conference in China on Nov 28...i'd expect some fomo.I don't expect $8 this year unless some partnerships get announced but next year is possible