I will only be posting this once today so don't miss this:We are the fastest growing pump group, Super Bittrex Pump.
The owner of this group has more than 3 different pump groups, all with 3000-4000 membersNo rush to get in here, we won't be doing our first pump until we reach at least 4,000 members (which we expect to hit in a couple of days.)
You might as well get in here soon, however, because by inviting people, you work up the ranks and get notified sooner for pumps (more profit.)
>But Anon, the higher ranks just dump on the lower ranks!
That happens to all of the idiots who don't invite people.
If you spend 15 minutes inviting people to gain 3-4 ranks you are guaranteed 10-30% profit per pump.
Also, we pump coins at breakout points so there is a better chance for others to FOMO in so that everyone profits.>But Anon, I lost money in Pumps & Dumps!See above.
Also, If you're scared, just "pretend buy" during our first pump and see how much money you would have made.
Like I said, there's no rush.
But we might take off to the moon without you, and you might regret not pumping with us sooner.
https://discord.gg/Kx3CR9ZYou've made it this far to the comments section, join here.
Good Server Discord
If you spend 15 minutes inviting people to gain 3-4 ranks you are guaranteed 10-30% profit per pumpSo thats why youre here?FUCKOFFYOUFUCKINGPAJEETCUNTRAG
Don't join this pathetic pyramid scheme.
You are retarded if you do.
shut the fuck up you nigger
To get it going, yes.
Once we get a couple hundred members the NEETs will start coming in and won't go up any ranks
If you spend 15 minutes inviting people to gain 3-4 ranks you are guaranteed 10-30% profit per pump.So you can dump on the people you invited?
You people are scum.You are also pretty stupid - right now, you are the fool getting dumped on.
You are trying to recruit some more members so you can stop being at the bottom of the ladder.
People are smart enough to realise this.
so they can dump on the people who they invited.
Are you seeing a pattern here?
Reported
are P&D not allowed here?