Can it do something already instead of this flatline it's entering at $1200?
It just finished going 8x from its lows.
What the fuck do you expect?
If you've researched the fundamentals, you'll know to be patient.
Major cope.If you've researched the fundamentals, you'll know to be patientLOL.
Ok buddy.
I think the flip is gonna happen, but the Vertcoin halvening's in two weeks.
I don't got time to sit around on BCH forever man.
careful what you wish for...
Those fun damn mentals --- who support bcash - despite knowing full well it's a scam created by non-technical venture capitalists who want to take control of the Bitcoin brand to centralise and control it, but, whatever.
Idiots gonna be idiots.
You must be a technical yourself then?
Which part of segwit entirely corrupting the valuable part of Bitcoin namely the cryptographic chain of signatures rendering the coin nothing more than an expensive IOU ledger did you like the most?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sJAXH2FN9Dc
I can't formulate any argument so here watch this 2 hour video of some cunt who agrees with me but probably doesn't discuss the point you brought up in fact I can't be certain because I spent myself of those 2 hours jerking off to Blockstreams logo
Do you understand what segwit is?
It sounds like you're just parroting FUD talking points.How exactly does Segwit do that?
Do you also understand that Segwit transactions are completely optional?
How exactly does segwit do that?By **segregating the witness data** outside of the blockhash calculation obviously therefore it doesn't matter if you don't use it as it affects the entire chain regardless.It's irreversible now.Enjoy the chain death spiral.
just shows how many bag holders there are and the extremely obvious lack of interest in said bags.HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Enjoy the chain death spiral.this amount of butthurttopkek
Enjoy the chain death spiral.I know my "bags" will since it's clear Bitcoin has decoupled from Segwitcoin
This dude sounds smartbut this dude has a meme....now i dunno what to believe :/
Segwit ASICboost incomingNo one can stop jihan