I am not going to make an argument for why SOLAR is the coin, this guy  here did a good job.
However will explain why Powr is NOT the coin, although still a good investment because of bittrex listen + elon endorsement.1) Vinod Tiwari (Power ledger) - is NOT Teeka's cousin.
a simple google search will show tiwari is actually quite a common indian last name, this was just a low level shill tactic2) Powr has 0 MIT connections, and does not plan any in the future (SOLAR does, see thread above)3) No Powr staff member has prior derivatives experience especially in the energy sector.
(SOLAR does, Co-Founder Nick Gogerty is a former analyst from bridgewater capital)4) Nick is also scheduled to give a speech at web summit 2.0 on IOT tech and devices (Nick as a request from Teeka has removed and denied his attendance to stop SLR speculation, this speech slot is only available web summit attendees)5) SOLAR is a much smaller cap than Powr and we know how much teeka loves his small cap coins6) Until yesterday Powr wasnt even on bittrex.
There is no way Teeka + could have predicted this listing in time for their report.
no one cares about pbc anymore, do you understand market sentiment?
Do you understand it has moved on from this pnd group?
sorry you bought bags
Its powr you solarcuck, you picked wrong, deal with it
People care.
PBC still moves coins 400%.You miss out dont hateand Solar does look like the most likely
tell me how rumored coins from PBC a few weeks ago moved 40-50% ... people clearly care
What is this PBC everyone keeps talking about?
A group that pumps and dumps or?
they started out as a newsletter service ($3000/month) that gained steam for picking solid coins.
Their picks were so good that now whenever they release a pick it shoots up in value because everyone tries to go into it
Ah, cool.
So if we get wind of a coin on /biz/ supposedly picked by them, how late is too late to get in?+20%?+10%?+50%?
Palm Beach Confidential
well im expecting a 20% mark up due to rumors.
but when the report is released usually coins go 2-3X
lol at people that picked POWR
Well, if they do partner up with Tesla it could be huge, and it's still rising.
apparently SLR also is in talks with tesla and google
Oh shit, well, I've got no more to invest until about 1-2 weeks, which means that it'll probably be too late.And I know all too well how dangerous emotions can be, so I'll stay with my current path.
4367639Also, I'm on binance at the moment and they don't have SLR.Next time investing I'll go Bitrex damnit.
bittrex is the way to go for PBC coins
Alright, good to know.
Is REQ, POWR/SLR and ARK a decent investment if they stay around the same next time I invest would you say?
when is the pick revealed?
this guy  → here did a good job.
Literally in that very thread OP writes this...
Does nobody read this shit?