I WARNED YOU.
YOU DIDN'T LISTEN$100 BY CHRISTMAS
new to crypto, how do i get started
Go to Polo or Bittrex with Bitcoin and buy Lisk.
Will it dip at all before the 22nd?
I've been thinking of selling OMG for LISK for the past few days but feel like I waited too long.
How much of a chance is there of major fomo and moon mission in the next few days?
THE WINNER...AND STILL THE UNDISPUTED DPOS CHAMPION OF THE WORLD...LlLLLLIIIIIIIIIIISSSSSSSSSKKKKKKKKKKKKK
You will make gains, but you're losing perspective gains by the day.
I bought at 80k and am happy with that but wish I got in at 50k.
Yeah, I wanted to all in on Lisk in November, but i waited too long and kept missing the "best" price and wiating for the dip.Lisk was my first crypto buy, and I wanted to revisit it after this hard fork shit was over.I feel like I'm too late nowOh well.
Enjoying Factom gains.
I feel bad because I got the 50k price and day traded it for like 10% because I thought hard fork would push it down again, lol.
if it's going to be $100 after the rebrand and SDK, you have $90 to go in profit.
Aren't they just announcing when the rebrand will happen on the 22nd though?
It might be months away and you can guarantee that there will be a major dump after the 22nd if the rebrand date is a long way off.
In a meetup they said Google wanted to possibly work with them (at the cost of $120 million investment on their part) plus the SDK is scheduled to release this year I believe.
Rebranding might be new year.
HOLY SHIT JUST REALIZED WE BROKE 1 BILLION MARKETCAP
what is the reason for this moon?
BIG news coming on the november 22 meet up in Berlin.
Pajeet confirmed.
The Queen of England Knighted the creator of Lisk and announced she will buy 1 billion coins over the course of 40 days and 40 nights.
God really is real!
retard, if you know the reason post it.
otherwise fuck off niggar shithole pajeet
Okay pajeet
thanks shithole niggar.
this.
4390284Dear sir/madam I can be providing the relationship counselings very cheap price.
rajguptaservicings@gmail.com
Unironic predictions for Lisk price by 2018?
got in by accident and am enjoying this nice ride
This makes it the ultimate moon mission DESU, if we pump this shit high enough it will be an offer they can't refuse.
Honestly this coin has been solid the past 2 months (in terms of the recent rapening.)
Googleeverything it touches or buys becomes shit instantly, because they are always to late to party.
N I G G A R
This shit is dumping hard
Fuck Im gettin justed right now.
Buy high sell low
necessary profit taking and retraceorder book still looks goodwill continue bullish trend
4390305Dear sir/madam I can be providing the relationship counselings very cheap price.
rajguptaservicings@gmail.comChutiya!
HUGE dump in progress Hope you sold the top
I'm not sure what this coin does or if it will be big, but I can't get on board with it because the name itself really just annoys me.
Lisk Lisk Lisk.
Fucking irritating.
I almost bought in last night but I went for NEO instead.
Kill me now.
thats what i said about antshares
don't wann a be a big bad hydraLISK?
Deluded liskies
looks scary, desu
hydralisks were slow as fuck and needed to be upgraded to be faster and more effective.
not the best mascot
just leave it alone, ive been watching it all day and it's hit a high 4 times in a row and coming back down at a higher minimum base line.
12 yrs olds are just dumping once it goes up a dollar.
trying to ween out as much profit on their 50 dollar accumulated pocket money investment as possible.>think they are living big
well i hope it does so a fifth time, or else its bagholding time
 it will.
goes up quite quickly.
Lisk has better technology than Etherum.
It will go big someday.
completely run by 2 cartels>championWew lad
it will keep going up if people wouldn't keep selling it.its like they are gettin nervous and panicking, ive been watching it for days, it's getting higher.
it will go up if the amount of people buying outweighs the amount of people sellingThat's how the free market works anon
Will lisk be right for the next 12 hours I gotta go to sleep
money never sleeps, anon.
im aware of that.the least people can do is hold on to them like people do stocks.how did people get rich with btc, they held onto it.
how dare people not hold my shitcoin
crypto platform on javascript
Exactly!
How many programmers know how to make descentralized apps on Solidity?
( the language used on ETC and ETH based blockchains)But with javascript, it's a different world, there are many programmers and know how to do they're shit unlike shitty newfags that make contracts on eth with vulnerabilities (check the DAO hack).
consolidation phase right now, soon going up
Exactly!Good Lord, at least make your shilling subtle