200$ till eoy?
seeming some healthy organic growth on this one.
Its quietly mooning.
Buy into this now instead of FOMO buying into it later you faggots.and buy LTC too before it moons.
k usd in both, am I going to make it anons?
Yes, just remember to watch BTC.
If BTC goes down these coins will tank too.
As long as BTC stays stables these coins are pretty much guaranteed gains (ETH too).Rest of the altcoins are just gambles that might make you more if youre lucky.My money is in LTC, XMR, ETH and NEO and 'gambling' on ChainLink.
Mine is in BTC XMR LTC ARK LINK and ETP
Youre gonna make it bro.
Just dont get emotionally attached, and sell if BTC starts to tank or rally.
just make sure to diversify, buy some aeons for lols, in the unlikely event smooth delivers the rebase from his yatch with 27 babes
XMR, LTC and NEO will 2x eoy, chainlink will x50 end of 2018.
chainlink will x50 end of 2018after it gets to 1 cent
You realize your shit FUD has no effect on all the current LINK holders right?
They have held all this way down and there is no fucking way they are going to keep selling.
LINK is the only altcoin right now with merit and the possibility to jump big like ETH did because it is bringing something new (decentralized oracles).
You are going to be kicking yourself for not buying into this, provided youre not another fake LINK fudder (something I sometimes do myself for shits and giggles).
See you at 1 cent
You realize shilling on /biz/ has no effect on real value right?
You realize your shit FUD has no effect on all the current LINK holders right?i'm not fuddingi just despise linktards for unstoppable obnoxious shilling and hope that maybe if it goes to 0 you will finally shut upright now you are literal cancer for this board and link itself
Most post are from people that spread FUD on link.
Actual LINK holders are comfy holders because this is pretty much a guaranteed moon mission in due time.
guaranteed moon mission in due timesee?
it's like it impossible for you not to shill
this.LINK believers will be blessed by kek.Rewarded for their faith.we are going to make it bro
Sell where lol?
Into BTC?
yes and now delete the thread please
this
TETHER
If everything started crashing all at once I'd be pretty worried about moving everything into Tether desu.
Maybe the FUD is getting to me.
you know tether is worse than backed by nothing right?
by their own tos they owe you nothing, its not even decentralized
That's why I just said I'd be worried...
If everyone moved into it and out of currencies that actually have value they could just pull the plug.
That said, keeping your coin on the exchange at all would probably result in the same thing happening to you if they did that.
How to store in cold wallets but trade at the same time!
?Also is there an ETH cold wallet, because I can't find it.