Post your blockfolio, critique the one above you.
Ill preface this buy saying I got undeniably lucky with Ethereum when it first showed up on this board1 piece of advice:- If you ever get FOMO'd or FUD'd by shit posters in this board or any other board/forum it means you don't understand the basics of whatever coin is being talked about.
You will always be a poor fag.
The lowkey POWR shill
- If you ever get FOMO'd or FUD'd by shit posters in this board or any other board/forum it means you don't understand the basics of whatever coin is being talked about.
You will always be a poor fag.I like your spread, maybe a bit of BCH in insurance when it dips next.
Up another grand on ODN today.
When are you guys gonna join me.
Honestly, i think doing the BTC/BCC/BTG dance is great if you time it and willing to risk potential crashes.You can get a better return with less risk just buying alts right now.
Up another grand on ODN today.
When are you guys gonna join me.Going all in on a shitcoin?
No thanks.
Shitcoins are only shitcoins until they are not
Fuck Ye mate
pretty highkey imo but well see how its looking Q4 2018
Move that BTG to a decent coin, like XMR, LTC or VTC, and you are good to go.
Move that BTG to a decent coin, like XMR, LTC or VTC, and you are good to go.I just need to get it off my fucking trezor (today.
)Was thinking of buying a BCH dip?
very old screenshot
It’s a matter of taste but I really dislike BCH.
As always, do your own research I guess...
It’s a matter of taste but I really dislike BCH.
As always, do your own research I guess...I fucking hate bch but it is threatening btc constantly.
Trying to get in to BCH at 0.185.
I hope it stops a bit again.
Meh, I’d say it will just blow over ounce Core starts solving the scaling issues in a reasonable way.
R8
hidden balances don't really help.
looks pretty generic and boring though.
forgot to add mine.
poor as fuck, but considering i started with $50 4 months ago, I'm happy with it.
I use spreadsheets ;)
$50 to $1200 is really great anonYou should try to get more FUN.
i use notepad
You dog you.
Pics or didn't happen.
R8 my shit bags.
haha i actually used notepad when i started toonotepad is quick and ez to write shit
nicenormiebase/10looks comfy
Looks pretty good but>no link
Underdogs
I would sell the monero for more neo if i were you.
Then sell neo on 27 november.
Good luck.
AussiesFuckOff
What's happening on the 27th?
I have been holding these since $7 ANS days.
XMR for my next buy
Reposting.
Looks like it bugged earlier
Pt 1 of 3I might have too many coins
Why the h8 m8?
Pt 2
Onchain lauches their project.After this, the first exciting thing for neo will probably be the launch of nex ico, which might still take a while..
Pt 3
Ok mate.
Have no intentions of selling anytime soon.
I'm in this for the long haul.
Speculate on price post Nov 27th?
Price is still stabilizing from the announcement of announcement shenanigans, so i wouldnt put a price on it.
I've also been holding for a decent amount of time, now holding 409 neo :)
Nice bro, NEO to me feels like its fueled and ready to launch hard.
All it takes is that spark to fire the engines and we are off to the moon.