Did they pump it up with tethers AGAIN!?
Jesus fucking christ...
desparate altcoin bagholder lul.
I guess they finished using all the tethers on the btrash pump.Fuck off with your conspiracy theories.
Bcash pumped by korean not shady shit like tether.
You're a complete moron if you think this isn't an artificial pump.
Of course I don't mind at all, it's making me rich as fuck, but at a certain point it is going to blow, and it won't be pretty.I suggest you take a look at this article:https://medium.com/@bitfinexed/the-bitfinex-dilemma-blow-up-now-or-try-a-hail-mary-to-retain-in-business-10b9d989359f
btc is trying so hard to push past $8000+ but fail every time and still not crashing.
something is really WRONG.
AHHHHHHHH I CLICKED YOUR LINK AND NOW MY LINKIES ARE GONE.
YOU BASTARD AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
I like how the posts sounds logical then it sudden jumps to the conclusion that the tethers are fake with zero evidence.
This is coming from a retard that sold his coins at 1k and has been posting conspiracies ever since.
Are you retarded?
4411323Are you?
if you took your time and actually looked the whole tether shit up, you would come to the same conclusion.
It's just way WAY to visible to just close your eyes and pretend that nothing is happening.
This whole situation is very similar to MtGox.
Retards were defending Gox too...
It's not similar to Gox at all lmfao youre fucking dumb dude
Lol it pumped before the tethers were even confirmed.
So the people themselfes are pumping it not the tethers.
Fucking dumb fucks thinking BTC will moon $1000 each time there is a tether transactions.
You're too god damn retarded.If they wanted to gox they would edit the number in their database, you won't know until it goxxes.Why bother doing it on the chain?Go buy your btrash and fuck off
Fucking dumb fucks thinking BTC will moon $1000 each time there is a tether transactions.But it does.
It’s pretty much a fact at this point, you can’t just say it’s irrelevant and a coincidence anymore
Finex don't always lead the price, gdax and bitstamp did for these recent moves.
I explained this already.
The author hasn't a fucking clue.
He spend a paragraph complaining that in order to buy into a market you have to *gasp* buy traded assets from other people in the market.
Like... oh... literally every market ever.>Call broker>Say I want to buy 20K shares of LXFT>Says he'll create a buy order>Oh I know this old scam>Tell him I'm wise to his tricks, I just want the shares>He tries to tell me I have to buy them from people who already own them>Laugh at him because it doesn't work that way>Stupid financial workers think finite property has to be bought>Magical fairy appears on my bed with 20K shares of LXFT>feelsgoodman>says she'll sell then to me for $100K>I jump out the window because if the magical fairies are in on this "if you want to buy something that someone else already owns you have to buy it from them" scam then all hope is lost.>A condor swoops down and catches me>says he'll take me to paradise>I fall asleep>Wake up as a factory worker in 1947 USSR>MFW
All of my coins are going up...
I don't like this at all, it's 3am and I want to go to bed but there's nowhere but USDT I can move my coins to to avoid the crash that's surely going to hit at least some of these.
Bcash pumped by korean>Doesn't even realize most of the Korean volume is the Chinese