Let's write a whitepaper for a new coin.
Each post in this thread is a sentence of it.
plushtard did nothing wrong
ABSTRACTMasturbation can be a problem.
Using a blockchan we will decentralized the negro population through planned parenthood partnerships and obamacare mandates, thus satoshis and Margret Sangers true vision shall be realized.
please sirs buy coin thcx u sirs hve a guod day sirs.
Through the thiscoin network, we will decentralize the United States government as well as eliminate the liberal population.
"We like the underlying technology but we're not sure about Bitcoin"
We will be implementing a new system of Proof of Stake system, whereby you will be rewarded with one square foot of sugar plantation per 10 coins held per week.
By participating in the token sale, you are agreeing to a non-disclosure agreement, giving wealthy investors time to accumulate more tokens.
As an alternative to traditional PoS, a PoD (Proof of Doubles) system will be implemented in Q4 2018, awarding CHECKEM tokens proportional both to the amount of coins owned and the ratio of doubles per shitpost.
We are implementing an oracle system which will allow for smart contract dispensation of bounties for GETs stolen from /sp/ as a part of our PR campaign.
The wallet address and private keys are exactly the same.
Anyone can steal coins from anyone else at any time.
Whoever gets all the coins wins.
4433722
Fig 1: anonymous user checking doubles.
Both users were awarded CHECKEM as stipulated by the PoD protocol.
dat filename do
Kek.
Have a tip.
Pink hair is the new yellow
Witnessed
Your tokens will be used to fund the purchase of orphans from third world countries for weekly sacrifices to moloch and pizza parties.
in the end of times remember to buy BCash, true ching chong centralized currency.
Do not despair if you missed the IPO as a new fork is currently under development code named "Bitcoin Shekels" by lead developer Jewhan Vey.
Initial buyers will be awarded with "fuck your mother if you want fuck" as part of the IPO initial bonus.
Abstract.
A purely miner-to-miner version of electronic cash between group of Chinese miners would allow online payments to be sent directly from one party to another with exorbitant fees.
Digital signatures provide part of the solution, but the main benefits are gained if a trusted third party is still required to prevent double-spending.
We propose a solution to the double-spending problem using a miner-to-miner network.
The network timestamps transactions by cashing them into an ongoing chain of cash-based proof-of-fraud, forming a record that cannot be changed and yet you are reading this.
What is the matter with you, wasting time like this.
The longest chain not only serves as proof of the sequence of fees processed, but proof that it came from the largest Jihan Wu pool of CPU power.
As long as a majority of CPU power is controlled by ASIC farms that are cooperating to attack the network, they'll generate the longest chain and outpace other non-chinese miners attempting to mine.
The network itself requires minimal structure.
Messages are broadcast on a best effort basis, and Chinese nodes can leave and rejoin the network at will, accepting the longest proof-of-fraud chain as proof of what happened while they were gone sniffing cocaine off prostitutes ass.
Eventually every coin gets pummeled into oblivion and only Bitcoin gains.
"i'm a regular on #4chan, i swear!"
noice