Hey, I have a cell phone repair business and having some issues with a customer.
I fixed a girls iPhone 6s screen and when I tried to remove the home button it was hanging off by a thread and unfortunately broke when I tried to remove it.
I replaced it with a new home button for free but only the original home buttons work with the 3D fingerprint scanner.
She's now furious that she cant scan her fingerprint and threatening to sue me and wants me to pay the bill if she takes it to apple for repair.
so, guys, do I have to pay?
she never even payed me for the screen just walked out mad as heck and told me she would be back tomorrow to pay but now it's tomorrow and shes threatening to sue.
>tldr>fixed a customers iPhone>broke something else in process>CUSTOMER MAD PEPE>customer no pay me and walks out my shop>customer tryna sue me
She's a fucking whore Tell her the button was already damaged
You buy insurance for this very thing.Not sure how she could sue for more than the phone is worth, and lawsuits are expensive, so she is probably bullshitting you.
If you somehow broke the phone so that it wouldn't turn on and she lost family photos and important info, then I would be more worried.
Also, you can repair a torn flex cable if you have a good microscrope, steady hands, and a good soldering iron.
Also some good "coil wire" and some conformal coating.
And she left with your screen?
That's your property until she pays.
Won't look good in her lawsuit.
knock this pajeete the fuck out next time you see her saggy ass
Yo m8.
Why can't you replace the home button with one that actually works?
She should pay you for your work, no question about that.
But you should pay her for the damage you caused.
Small claims court isnt that expensive.
If she really wants to go through the hassle you'll be sitting in court.
You buy insurance for this very thing.tfw i dont have business insurance because im frugal
And she left with your screen?Yeah, the repair cost £60, I lowered it to £45 for the hassle and also gave her a new home button for free but replacement home buttons don't have the 3D fingerprint scanner technology only the original home button that came with the phone will do that
is she boon by any chance?
What is boon?
>she is blonde >drives 2017 Mercedes>works at the perfume counter in a pharmacy
iPhone6 home buttons are programed from the factory and married to the logic board.
The only people that are able to reprogram home buttons are Apple and maybe China.
so what do you think senpai, customer basically stole from me right?
home button was hanging off by a thread when I opened it but was apparently functional.
I gave her chink replacement button for free and discount on screen(even though she hasn't paid)
Hard reset the phone, the finger scan will begin to work.
Stand your ground.
Take the heat.
Sue her in small claims/call police if she doesn't pay you.
She gave you a broken phone and you fixed it.
It doesn't actually matter ic she doesn't like the way you fixed it as long as you can show that you didn't do anything malicious, which you clearly didn't.Just sue her or call police to get your money and then refuse service to her after that.
It's really that simple.Did she sign a waiver or something before you fixed it?
You're so fucked...she's going to sue you for everything you're worth since you dont have insurance.
Bye bye business & future financial stability!
Unless Apple has changed something, this wont work.
The chip on the home button is looking to match the serial number of the CPU.
No match, no workie.
blonde
If it were me, I would just ebay a phone to replace hers, and transfer her phone to the new one via a backup.
Then take her old phone and sell it on ebay with a note that says finger print scanner doesn't work.
99% of people wont care.
But yeah, technically she stole from you.
She's not getting more than the phone is worth.
But OP will have to pay court costs on top of that.
Is she from California by any chance?Particularly LA/OC county area?
You’re an idiot.She’s an idiot.You’re both idiots.You need to draft a damage waiver for your customers to sign which precludes you from being responsible for any other damage to the phone that is latent or due to the customer’s wear and tear...cracked mother-boards, detached camera sensors, dented bevels, etc.It should be clear that by accepting the contract, any already damaged components that get exacerbated by the necessary or desired screen-repairprocess are not the responsibility of Faggot-Ass LLC Smartphone Repair Services.
(Btw form you should form an LLC)....
Some real advice here OP:- ignore herDo not put anything on paper or say anything incriminating.
If she attacks you make sure you have it on film, DO NOT HIT BACK.If she keeps threatening tell her to sue, she won't do it.
It costs more to bring to court then repair costs.
This is why women are the way they are.Cause they know cuckbois will run and hide.
Were you the guy who was getting tips from /biz/ on your flyer a month or so ago?Listen to this  guy for the future, it will save you a lot of trouble.
I would add that you should DOCUMENT EVERYTHING.If you had before and after pictures of the phone you would annihilate her in a court case.
As far as this situation, you should probably just nut up and find a way to make it right.
sounds like a good idea.
DISCUSS OPTIONS WITH THE CLIENT FIRST.
There might be a way for you to do this right on the cheap.As a small business you don't want bad word of mouth, having a reputation for "Well golly-gee guess I fucked up your phone, not my problem."
is not good, doesn't matter if this customer is a cunt or not.Sometimes you are just going to have to eat the cost of your fuckups it is the risk of being your own boss.
Learn from this experience.If you want to be a piece of shit then just ignore her, she likely won't sue.