>had assessment centre last week for position at investment bank>just a series of easy presentations to give and interview questions>find out today I failed>only ever passed one in person interview before and failed many more due to being an ugly autist with nofriendsREEEEHow the fuck is it possible to succeed in life when you need to be a fucking normie clone to get ANYWHERE?
Every single employee everywhere is doing a brain-dead job that they only got due to being a normie.In my current job I became the loser nobody talks to after only a day.
My only consolation is that I do almost zero work.I can't fucking stand going outside and seeing the Chads, Staceys, and normies having the times of their fucking lives while also knowing they get everything handed to them due to looks, extroversion, or poshness.
It's unbearable.
Beta Uprising my friend>>/r9k
Start to excercise and find a hobby that lets you socialize with people you share something with.Then you too will be a chad
it's simple... you don't succeed.
non-normies are not supposed to succeed.
this is about the story of your journey torwards the bottom of the pit of suffering and misery.
the world is secretly conspiring to make all non-normies suffer for it's own enjoyment.
normies are actually soulless NPCs.
no matter how hard you try, you will not succeed.
crypto is the only way out.
deep inside, you this to be the truth.
this is why you're here.
jesus christ faggotstep 1: get the fuck off 4chan step 2: stop being a self loathing, self sabotaging piece of shitstep 3: put some effort into how you lookstep 4: get rid of your social anxiety you smelly beta fuck
You save a lot of of your earnings, make safer crypto invesments (maybe even go 100% in BTC) and retire early.Also,>getting paid with doing zero work>unhappyPick one.
Every single employee everywhere is doing a brain-dead job >Why can't I into that job?>>>>>/r9k/ shoo shoo
I forgot an important statistic: More than 90% of all crypto trading until 2016 was done so that each and every 4chan autist would be able to live the antisocial NEET life in peace.
The percentage is still above 50% in alt trading as of now.Think of it as a charity for a specific group of people where in the early days all you had to do was to show up.
Now you need to make a little effort.
Not much though, just a little.
Looks are something you can control for 90%.
Make sure you're well-groomed and decently dressed and you're a long way there.
Work out a little (doesn't need to be much) and you'll look better than 80% of people out there even if you're a beta ugly fuck with a pizza face.
Beauty standards for men are way less strict than for women.
Unless you have some SERIOUS deformities, you have the potential to be physically attractive.
Looks are fucking important.
People trust good looking people more, and they instinctively view them as nicer and as more competent.
I can't be bothered to look up the figures but your salary will be like 20% higher on average if people find you attractive.I will never understand self-professed """smart""" people who refuse to understand what an easy life hack it is to make yourself look good.
Stop complaining about it.
Hit the gym, buy some clothes and reap the benefits.
I shave and cut my nails and have gone to the gym for many years and go running on the days I don't go to the gym.
Stop this just world rationalising.
I am ugly.
op obviously hates normies>"Become a normie, dumbass!
Here's how you do it...">normiesSoon, op, real fucking soon.
You sound like you are unworthy of winning.
You are new to the game and are complaining about your inexperience.
The only way to succeed in this world is to be a piece of shit that takes advantage of others with zero conscience.
Or be a fucking clone drone robot that does what it's told then watches sports for 3.5 hours a day before sleeping and repeating the cycle.REAL fucking people cannot succeed.
What the fuck.I guess there's youtube whoring maybe?
Being an annoying attention whore gets youtubers money sometimes.
Or being born rich.
Not much really.
You probably dress in band shirts that are 2 sizes too big.
normies are actually soulless NPCsI am truly starting to believe this in the most literal way possible.
Most people aren't "conscious" (?)
Like they don't exist.
Just caricatures that look like people but they're so fucking stagnant it's like they're animals that don't think.
Even animals think.
Mindless robots.