I just spent 300 dollars and creampied a prostitute.
ask me anythingpic related this is how i feel rn
She's pregnant now
Anal cream pie or vajayjay?
Aids
Millions of guys do that daily for free.
Congrats, you just played yourself.
I feel like a downie who is happy he shit his pantsok bro
How long u got for those 300
Enjoy your STD, anon
pussy good god her pussy was beautifulnegativeyea well im ugly and an autistwhatever lol hour.
we smoked marihuana together tooneg
what country?
vajayjay and marihuana are you fucking 15?
I never said vajajayIm a burger
enjoy your AIDS
fuck OP im jealousI would never have the balls to get a hooker
just do it anon, make sure u do your research though.
300 dollarsto mach
>tfw you are attractive so hookers give you a discount
No you didn't.
And if you did you're a fucking idiot.
Do you have ANY clue how prevalent STDs are these days?
dollars to become infested with superAIDS is not a good deal.I'm certain you can get it for free at any gay bar.
$300 I know there's a lot of Pajeets on here who think that's ballin' but you're still fucking poor if you think that's a lot of money.tfw when you're not attractive, but girls still buy you drinks and take you home sometimes
You probably acquired one of many existent STD's.
Go see a doctor you idiot.
wypipo>dancingXD
Please tell me she was:>white> less than 23>petite or at least /fitideally show the prostitute's profile pics just to have an idea
Yes i did and yes i know the stats.
Shes a regular of mine and extremely low volumeI never said it wasnt.
Infact i paid too much but she let me blow my 5 day load in her tight pink snatch.
Cant post pic.
But shes 22 years old 5 ft 1 98 pounds and blonde
Shes a regular of mineYou and a hundred other motherfuckers.
You're still an idiot.
Enjoy your fucking aids.
Thanks mom
BUSINESS & FINANCE!
you cant get an std if you dont get tested you pussy
only gays get aids homo
4425421>the state of millenials
Sounds good mane.extremely low volumeI never understood this mentality.
Almost no prostitute is low volume.
The only ones that can qualify is maybe the prostitutes of the ultra rich and even then those prostitutes still fuck a considerable number of men per month/year.
The way i look at it is i can get 3 100/escorts and not get what i want Maybe too fat too tall and most wanna use a condom.
Or i can spend a little more and get exactly what i want.
Ive seen cheaper girls and its sometime unpleasant desu
Enjoy your stds Cletus
4425421.......................................
Yea she was pretty high volume at one point but i can tell what she did by the reviews she got from her clients.
They werent exactly good reviews lol so i know she wasnt barebacking them.
Also she doesnt work anymore im sure
I don't mean to offend you but you sound like a cuck.Nah i'm probably wrong, this isn't going to offend you, you seem like a proud cuck.
Can't wait until this bone head wakes up tomorrow and find that his penis burns when he pees
get hiv from a hooker as a male is very unlikely.
I wouldn't expect anyone here to know since you're all virgins, but it's usually the recipient of dick who gets aids from semen, which is loaded with it.
RT cocaine and anal creampie like a real man
Fucking meta bro
marihuana
Good thing hiv is the only std in existence
yo op im a mad punter in australia but its legal here so no sweat.
how did you get a prostitute in usa?
Did she enjoy it?
Infact i paid too much but she let me blow my 5 day load in her tight pink snatch.Bitch was making $100 a min with him.
We should be taking notes
lol creampie a prostitute, are you crazy, now you have super gonorrhea forever, and your life is over because child support
Cant post pic.Just cover up any nudity and it's ok. Not like its a co-worker
Who knows?
Maybe they ARE co-workers
a coin for prostitutes would be great, pimpcoin, you could mine it and in one week you could have a blow job for free
igAyYnice
Why on earth you feel great after fucking a hooker?After I fuck I hooker I feel like a pathetic piece of shit scumbag
tfw 24 yr old yr old amazing eastern euro gf>is half my weight, 25cm shorter than me>lets me fuck her raw doggystyle everytime
#4CHNalldayYou heard it here first!Screencap it!I will get lots of repliesIt will go viral here on /biz/.
You will see it everymorning.You will see it everynight.You will see it every mid-day and afternoon.You will see it in your threads.You will think about it more often.You will accept it.You will love it.You will start using the:#4CHNallday
damn, she lets you do doggystyle huh, arent you the champ!
Like a shart out of a mart?
Do people actually buy this?
is this supposed to be something special?
f-heheh-fre-heHEHEH-freee-HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHIT'S NEVER FREE
Paying for sex and feeling good about it
If she could prove she was STD free I would pay $300.But how many bitches can prove that?
dont worry aids isnt real
OP is a larping faggot
STDs are a social construct designed to stignatize and oppress sexually liberated women.
Please get educated before spouting conservative propaganda.
Did that guy shit his pants or something?
Herp
>this is how i feel rnAutistic?
Go back to /b moron.
/biz if for serious people dealing with the serious world of finance.
We will not tolerate you here.
Tip of the day: OMG will drop 12% today SS this.
>she LET MEWomen want the dick and the jizz inside of them.
It's a biological need.
You're doing them a favor by cumming up inside of their greedy holes.
Why would you pay one?
wasting money on pussy when you could be buying some shitcoinwhat a fag
bareback with a hooker.
Damn son, hope you didn't catch anything.You seem to really like this girl, seeing as you're a regular.
Tell me you don't lick her out?
I've always gotten them off backpage
 hour.
we smoked marihuana together tooclassy girl
So you were her last client?
did you kill her?
Did you shit your pants like the guy in the vid?
thisactually only gay bottoms get aids.
not even meming, it's hard to for a male to get aids from raw dogging the vag.
/b/
>mfw i made so much from crypto in the last year i quit my job and moved to the philippines>mfw baller ass condo downtown for $500 a month>mfw fucking prime teen pussy for free cuz they think im rich>mfw getting an all night threesome with 2 sexy whores cost less than $100
 lives in Philippines> does drugs> gets shot
mfw getting an all night threesome with 2 sexy whores cost less than $100What?
Pretty sure those whores are ugly m8.
Pretty hookers here cost around $200 to $300.
Where the fuck are you getting those hookers?
post some pics of the whores how much did u make
dont do drugs kidsdating apps+ btc
would rawdog.
what was ur inital investment?
u made it.
Would love to live in makati and bang hookers all day
actually only gay bottoms get aids.
not even meming, it's hard to for a male to get aids from raw dogging the vag.You're South African aren't you?
Do you leak there pussy?
4430136I've thought about doing this but I'd be ashamed every time I saw my parents because they'd be able to figure out exactly why I was over there.
At least with local prostitutes you can keep people from finding out.
i put in 10k over the course of 4 months december 2016 - february 2017neverits actually really easy to be discreet with under the radar hoes who just do it on the side.
desu i have a dimepiece full catholic gf who lost her virginity to me so i dont really mess with hookers much anymore.
she cooks cleans sucks my cock every day, learning thai massage and is pretty much the best thing i could ever ask for.
it would be easy to spin the story like you went to philippines to pick up a wife to appease your parents
How did you get a visa?
Let me get this straight... YOU paid her to fuck then let her smoke YOUR weed?
You realize you could fuck women just by letting them smoke your weed right?
larping on /biz/
How does it feel to be an absolute degenerate?
weed is legalNo
I didn't say anything about weed being legal.
The fuck are you talking about?
I'm saying that weed is legal here, i can't get laid because i let them smoke my weed.
It's mary-jew-jew m8
Is that 5ft1 98lbsor 5ft 198lb?
I think he was saying 5 feet and 1 inch or 5.01feet.
And 98 pounds or 98lbs.
tfw still haven't fugged and creampied a short, light woman
Warnings about the Adulteress6For at the window of my house I looked through my casement,7And beheld among the simple ones, I discerned among the youths, a young man void of understanding,8Passing through the street near her corner; and he went the way to her house,9In the twilight, in the evening, in the black and dark night:10And, behold, there met him a woman with the attire of an harlot, and subtil of heart.11(She is loud and stubborn; her feet abide not in her house:12Now is she without, now in the streets, and lieth in wait at every corner.
)13So she caught him, and kissed him, and with an impudent face said unto him,14I have peace offerings with me; this day have I payed my vows.15Therefore came I forth to meet thee, diligently to seek thy face, and I have found thee.16I have decked my bed with coverings of tapestry, with carved works, with fine linen of Egypt.17I have perfumed my bed with myrrh, aloes, and cinnamon.18Come, let us take our fill of love until the morning: let us solace ourselves with loves.19For the goodman is not at home, he is gone a long journey:20He hath taken a bag of money with him, and will come home at the day appointed.21With her much fair speech she caused him to yield, with the flattering of her lips she forced him.22He goeth after her straightway, as an ox goeth to the slaughter, or as a fool to the correction of the stocks;23Till a dart strike through his liver; as a bird hasteth to the snare, and knoweth not that it is for his life.24Hearken unto me now therefore, O ye children, and attend to the words of my mouth.25Let not thine heart decline to her ways, go not astray in her paths.26For she hath cast down many wounded: yea, many strong men have been slain by her.27Her house is the way to hell, going down to the chambers of death.
you cant get an std if you dont get tested you pussythat's how I live actually, I think I'm clean
Nigga spitting truth bombs.
Fuck hoes
absolute state of burger education
Aids>HPV>Herpes>All of the abovePick one