How plausible that all of /biz/ is going to be millionaires?That alone is a case against LINK.
it happened before with BTC and ETH, but this time it will be on a much grander scale.
literally 90% of /biz/ is getting fucking stinking rich baby.
it ISNT plausible, and ill explain to you why (and it isnt the reason you believe, LINK is still going to moon high)the average biz'er isnt exactly wealthy.
he is currently invested in not just link, but also quite a few coins, and he isnt willing to just drop everything he has for link, which is a long term holdon top of that, he doesnt have much money invested in crypto in the first place, because as previously stated, he was never wealthy to begin with, think 1-2ktherefore, there are a large amount of biz that do own link, but they just dont own much, only about 1.5-5k wortheven if link went up to 30 bucks per, someone holding 5k only owns 150k worth of link, i.e.
not a millionaireits good profit to invest in link, but you still have to have enough accumulated to get yourself to lamboland
This is very true.
I only have £150 invested but it's all in LINK.I want to buy more but want ETH to dip first so I can get more Link for my money when ETH rises again.
willing to drop another £200 this month and maybe £200 next month if my balls are feeling big enough.
I have $4k in link, enough to make me a millionaire when it hits $50.And guess what.
When it hits $50, I'M NOT FUCKING SELLING!
I think the bigger reason is that most will sell out when it hits $2 or so rather than hold until $20
There is no way I'm selling at $2, I'm in this for the looooooong hodl.
Yeah, but that's just how market works, if not, we would have 4channers that would own hundreds of bitcoin that they mined back in 2010.It's actually good that they sell, more people will get into link.
i shoulder reword my phrasing, most people only have 1-2 thousand dollars worth of crypto in their entire portfolio, and they only hold about 1.5-5k link coins
The technology is valuable and the whole first to market thing also a plus.
Open source?
No patents?
I just dont see how that makes the token just as valuable.
k link is like 2k though
Lads, C'mon.
LINK will be $200 3 years from now, and $300 in 4 years.
43841754383546Deluded.
All of you.
I have 5k.
$2 dollars would make me enough returns to be very happy.
$.60 cents would bring me back all my crypto losses since August.
I'm holding 60K at the moment.
Just trade half my stack for 8% gains.
I love it being this low.
People who want to buy have bought long term, we're in a holders and bot market now.
Its great.I've never been more comfy in my life lol
at least they aren't arkies
Anon please I bought ETH @ $1.18, and you all said the same thing.
"HURRR DURRR DELUDED It'll NEVER GO PAST .xxx!!!"
k link >GF>anxiety>depressions>living at home>my friends think that i will never make it>cant wait for link to hit 50 USD> I hope i am still alive when that happens>health #1
comparing an ERC20 token to the underlying platform's success