QTUM has created a Discord channel.
Join now so you can be a part of the next big pump.https://discord.gg/uSk38f
BUMP PEOPLE!
worthless vaporware.
NEO does everything QTUM does and way more
How so?
Why not make a list of everything they do instead of showing around your no-substance ass?Will NEO launch node satellites into space, are they having their own mobile wallet app?
No, I though so.
Ugh.
I'm heavily in QTUM, and the only thing that makes me question it is shit-English pajeets, like yourself, shilling.
So the English language is the primary language in the crypto world, huh?
I didn't know that.And of course I'm shilling QTUM, the new ETH of Asia.
Do you recommend any other coins I should shill?
I sure ain't shilling your garbage...
Sure is poo in the loo in here.
Does the phrase "pajeet" upset you, anon?
No, not at all.
It's not my problem that you don't understand the amount of nationalities that actually writes on /biz/.t.
an european
Give it a rest Raj, a visa doesn't mean you're "an European"
Aight, I'm a QTUM shilling "Indian Raj" or whatever you wanna call me.
Then that makes you an ignorant amerishit, am I right?But do you know what?
Continue to reply to my thread.
I need to spread the QTUM logo around.
It's not the "new" ETH of ASIA.. it has always been the ETH of ASIA.. NEO is garbage and centralized.. mostly bought by western exchanges of white fan boys that have no cluse about the tech.
QTUM shits on NEO and it's not even close
wishful thinking LOLQTUM is literal vaporware.
The founder of QTUM is a known scammer.
Any idiot who buys this deserves to lose their money
QTUM is literal vaporware.Dude, the mainnet has been running for quite some time.
Stop being retarded.
The scam garbage has been debunked many times.
And of course you're not writing any substance either.Former bagholder who sold out?
It's endorsed by Ghost of TCR so I'm balls deep.
crypto isnt even at 1% adoption rate and these fuckers wanna launch satelites into space.
you'd have to be a fucking idiot to put money in this lmfao.
Inner Circle?
no
And how exactly is that a bad thing?
From a TA standpoint, it's pretty nice.
Bought in around $12 selling around $15.
Fundamentals I have no clue what this does.