Hey guys,I have made an official statement to the police in my local district regarding the situation.
I was completely honest and open with them about the whole situation and they are going to do some further investigation.
I am aware TokenLot is also investigating as was mentioned in another post by them.
As it currently stands I will likely be alright legally as I was just an employee, but none the less I am liquidating the profits I have made from Confido until further clarification is given.
If I am required to return the small amount of funds I have, I will gladly do so.
I have spoken with the team from Kleros and they have confirmed they never saw Joost either, they had only communicated through slack.
I can confirm the contract between Confido and Kleros does exist, and the CEO of Kleros fully believed that the agreement was legitimate.
I have yet to talk to ChainLink but I believe they will have a similar story.
I have also never seen Joost's face, which I regret never clarifying.
I honestly had no reason to believe that I was being led on.
I am truly sorry for this whole situation, and honestly it hurts me more than you can imagine, but I will not be leaving you guys behind.
I am active on telegram so if you would like to talk to me I would recommend messaging me on there.
So sorry for all of this guys, I'll do my best to make it right.>scam confirmed
Irregardless of what happened we really need to replace Rory with Chris
Rory has the knowledge not to be associated with scams, unlike betamale Chris.
Rory's an alpha male, I saw his dick before and was quite impressed.
Chris just seems like a pretty alright guy.
However, I don’t doubt everyone Sergey’s touches is immediately endowed with a massive cock
With Joost you lose
It is Confido guys!!!
I can't believe this.
How does he do it.
I agree, Chris has 100% nothing to do with the scam, so please do not look into him or any of his information.
He has contacted the police so he is just as hurt by this as all the people who fell for this scam.
Do not look into Confido anymore since Chris has gone to the police and you would be hindering their investigation.
Just wait until Chris provides more information at a later date.
Chris seems like an honest guy.
A complete and total patsy, but honest.
Props to him doing what he can in the aftermath of this.
kek
why didnt they sell all of thier tokens?all they had to do was draw this out and slowly dump them while releasing fake/no newspoorly planned exit scam imo
*Regardless(sorry)
t. Chris
Sergey should adopt Chris
>i wonder how heavy those bags are for chris
IrregardlessI stopped reading there.
pls don't jail me I'm innocent
last thing u do is to go to police about this crypto.
u r firing u r own house.
dont be stupid/greedy to buy scam teams, from day one cfd scam all over the map, I warned many times but none cared it.
Bad PR.Also there won't be much of Chris left after he goes to pound-me-in-ass federal prison.
Employee sounds like accessory to a crime to the prosecutor.
He should also hire Pajeets law firm
https://www.reddit.com/r/CryptoCurrency/comments/7e8p15/official_announcement_from_chrisconfidosupport/
the grey "admin" sign's missing
Fucking lol how was this not tipped as a major red flag?
it was an accident!
see his reddit post :) bad accident.
hate when that happens
Well with Joost and Pajeet what did you expect lol
what are the odds that Chris is the only real person working on this scam?
lol next level exit scam.
Play the patsy to throw the scent...doubtful.
Brilliant, but unlikely?
Congrats on this, Seriously.
HHAHAHAHAHAHAI can't stop laughing every time I read about this.
Lol.
You guys are so fucking dumb.
Pravik Pajeet, the infamous former CEO of Obsidian was found to be the lawyer of Confido.
In his legal agreement, all confido proceeds were to be donated to Mumbai infastructure after the term of 6 months.
Joost discovered this and cancelled the project immediately.Pajeet is on the loose again.
He was reported killed in an airstrike last month but that was not the case.
Congrats on this.
Seriously.
Can't excrete the Pajeet
In his legal agreement, all confido proceeds were to be donated to Mumbai infastructure after the term of 6 months.You're joking right?
Probably is just him.
That's how a real scammer would do it.
People are already dumb enough to believe him.
They had no choice.
This same guy sold on the ODN market.
Look at its graph
JOOST
your scam coin is so legit you make another ICO to to make people think you tricked the more legit looking ICO into supporting youDayum
JOOSTED
Goat.
As a blockchain dev at a startup, I really feel you bro.
Good on you getting out ahead of this so that you can protect your future career.
WHAT THE FUCK IT WAS SUPPOSED TO BE COMFYDO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
44747584474848447492644749954475081447528744753314475382CHNallday
So they're still LARPing about this being some legal misunderstanding?Only means they're buying time to steal the last few BTC or ETH from the idiots actually still buying and pretending there's a rebound.
While there's still an active market for a few more hours...
Re-read the announcement.
Their PR guy is filing a police report against them.
I'd advise any investors to do the same.
It's just theater you moron.
Buying themselves a few more trades before they disappear into the ether.
No, their PR guy is filing a police report against the developers of Confido.
Its 100% a confirmed scam now.
No, their PR guy is filing a police report against the developers of Confido.Yeah, no.
It's all theatre.For all you know, this could be a one-man operation and "Joost" is running a team of sock-puppets.Grow a brain morans.
No it's all Chris
Grow a brain morans.kek, it's been a while
lol fucking shitcoin buyers, laughing so hard right now... fucking toyboys tweeting "CALL THE FBI"... call the cyberpolice to while you at it, faggot.
Bumping for comedy.When daytraders and pajeet pump chasers get destroyed together is a beautiful day.
I post second time to laugh even harder... pajeets put their lifesavings into shitcoin and think they see their gold in their lifetime's hhahahahahahaha
pajeets on suicide watch.