IS THIS THE DIP?
this the pump
I have 40.
This is make or break for me.
I think this is the bottom and BC is mooning
dimping
We bitcoin now
Bch is the real bitcoin, so accumulate
the devs couldn't fit in Bcash = Shitcoin
ITS ITS FUCKING GRAVE YOU BRAINLET-CAPSWHALE
Why?why did you buy 40?
There's living on the edge, and there's delusion.
You're in the second.
I bought in around.05 to.07 months ago.
I still have btc but the majority in bch.
Have seen incredible gains so far so dont plan on selling anytime soon.
Ver and jihan have way more up their sleeves and im loaded up
Im good but thanks for your concern see
#1 Analyst on Trading View.
BCH is just getting started.
What dip you retard?
https://uk.tradingview.com/chart/BTCUSD/zl0fUy8w-BTCUSD-outlook/AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
Wow look at that.
#1 analyst indeed
As long as you don't believe BCH is going to be the new bitcoin, then you're ok
I doubt it very much.
But i believe bcash will pump again.
I made my bet a while ago so far has paid off.
Im betting it will happen again senpai
Bch floor is around $350-550
Bitcoin.com is Bitcoin Crash main site.
Bcash is bleeding to death
44707534470911Oh wow guess I better sell some because some braindead retards from reddit came to biz and told me too....
Bullshit it's been holding $1200-1500 easily.
BCH will never be Bitcoin.
With a higher price an market cap than BTC, soon yes, but Bcash will always be Bcash.
BCH is the boogeyman and it ain't afraid of no trolls
the floor is zero
Yes when btrash (hahaha) overtakes the true clean pristine cryptogold bitcoin and takes its name and ticker it never actually be bitcoin :)
I mean looking at that chart it looks like BCH is on its slow bleed phase for the next few months just like last time
Cool then nothing for core supporters to worry about then right?
Nope not at all.
Still fun to make fun of the people who actually think a flippening is going to happen though (and this is the third time it's happened for BCH)
For all of BCH's existence people have thought Segwit2x was coming, which would at least alleviate some of the congestion.
I myself thought BCH was pointless during that period, as it would be hard to convince people we needed it.
Now that Segwit2x is out the window and as soon as that was known is where you see the price begin to rise sharply out of the $600 range.
Smart people in the industry knew that Bitcoin would never scale now and looked elsewhere.
This isn't even the dip, because BTC is reaching 10K and BCH can't stop it.When BTC goes up BCH goes down, simple as that.
that WAS the case.
but it seems like BCH is beginning to stand on its own and straighten out as BTC continues its climb.
Exactly without 2x there is no potential for adoption of btc meaning the price is a speculative bubble because people are buying only because they think it will go up making it go up until there's a crash.
Store of value comes from trust that something will be exchangeable for goods/services in the future who believes that of btc when bch does everything btc does better
What makes it so unlikely to happen in the long run?
Any argument besides "because it's bitcoin" would suffice.
It's going down unless it pumps, multiple fake breakouts upwards, lower resistance tested multiple times and about to break.
If it's going to behave like a normal crypto coin, it's going down unfortunately.
BUY BUY BUY
Or it's going up, unless it dips, multiple fake breakdowns downward, upper resistance tested multiple times and about to break.
If it's going to behave like a normal crypto coin, it's going up fortunately.
These are meme lines, literally biased children's drawing based on nothing.
She's only popular because she has breasts.
Have a super quick shitty but probably accurate analysis from someone who actually makes a living trading Forex, me.
you may be right.
if people stay ignorant to the tech side of crypto and simply care about returns then yeah, btc will probably continue on and bch will continue on.
no flip.
just two coins doing the same thing a little differently.
one a little better than the other.
BCH can still 2x, even 3-4x over night.
BTC can't
makes a living trading forex>TAnice larp
sounds like you should make a tradingview account so people can rate your calls and see how many are right
Bitcoin Cash is going to take over when the truth about the dead man's switch in the blockchain comes out and the out of control banker takeover of bitcoin becomes mainstream knowledge.
Nobody is going to want to be associated with their little Pedo Satanist digital IOU waste of energy ledger.SegWit(it literally guts the chain of all value)Coin the coin for wankers.
WUT?
h- h- hey guys, let's legalize cheese pizzai- i- i'm definately not a pedo!
Makes sense, BCH is the real Bitcoin after all
What goes on between two consenting children in a bedroom is none of our business.
CEO of something with no central authorityYou should be a comedian
Right now nobody sees the tech, if it was the case many very promising projects would be on the moon, but they are all bleeding because people want to cash on BCH and BTC taking turns.
People see short term ROI.
You're a dipshit if you buy this shitcoin.
If we can't win arguments let's just resort to ad homs
bitcoin cash is the only coin that can be used on the bitcoin infrastructure...
Ether is asic resistant..Also, bitcoin is being maxed out for small transactions by zimbabwe and south america because of their inflation.Bitcoin reached 34000 unresolved transactions today, and fees of 160 satoshi for average transaction during buisness hours.
Also, bitcoin broke 8000 which will create a lot of attention- ergo, since it is already maxed out, fees will skyrocket.
Ether will replace it?
Maybe.
but the infrastructure has to be changed.
and at this rate, with 14 transactions a second during peak hours, stuff is going to happen.funningly enough, bitcoin cash always takes over bitcoin in profit margin during stress.
then it returnsduring off-hours
they might also be the scammiest people on earth, but nobody realized one of the founders is the founder of antmine.
one of the founders control 16% of the bitcoin hashing power.Also, if you realize just how much hate they are under(they cant really be hated more) There has to be some extraordinaringly good reason for the price... which is ether cant run on bitcoin infrastructure.bitcoin will always be gold.
but people behave like they can pay with bitcoin like visa, and it turns it into dust.
He has some good arguments for it.
Filming a murder is not illegal.
Looking at a film of a murder is not illegal.
Participating in a murder in order to film it is illegal.
Current legislation ruins the lives of teenagers that consentingly have sex and film themselves doing it.
Not saying I agree 100% but claiming that he wants to legalize the production of child pornography is just fucking asinine and speaks to people's inability to form clear, coherent thoughts on a difficult topic.
I think we are at the dip.Here is why:It fits almost perfect with bitcoin cash price.They might have spammed the network, but the network is crashing for real this time...
BTC going upBCH staying stableBCH/BTC staying stableWHAT
Plus he's not the fucking CEO of ANY decentralised crypto-CURRENCY