is so that they can aqquire more BTC.
took you a while, eh?
This
thats cool, either way i make money
aqquire more BTC./life
I'm just saying it because it seems like a lot just don't get it.
Salty core cucks
Yeaaaah or betting on a collapse of the legacy BTC and the opportunity to flip their old coins for better ones at 6 to one to 4 to one.
acquire BTC for what?
correcthttps://soundcloud.com/thecryptocast/ep13
You do know legacy BTC collapsing would probably kill the whole market for a long while, right?
This lol these guys on biz are mentally retarded.
Jihan and Roger are just pumping and dumping BCH to get more BTC.
It's so obvious.
The absolute state of bitcoin maximalists, lmaoThere are trading pairs on major exchanges for ETH and there will be for BCH soon.
Real world products and services utilizing smart contracts and tokens on platforms like Ethereum will be launching throughout 2018.
Bitcoin Cash can actually be a useful trading currency and be adopted as a form of payment.This "crypto winter" you speak of will, if it even happens, be mild and 1-3 months long at most.This isn't like the mt.
Gox era where everything is tied only to bitcoin and bitcoin had 90% marketcap.Dinosaurcoin just isn't that important anymore for anything else than luring ignorant outsiders into buying more dinosaurcoins so people who bought earlier have more valuable dinosaurcoins.
The vast majority of those ignorant enough to not invest in crypto just because dinosaurcoin falls were never going to do anything else than park it in dinosaurcoin anyway, and thus they're no loss to crypto at all.>Crypto (read: bitcoin) will temporarily lose appeal among the ignorant speculators.
Oh the travesty!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E1AC_k9izjY
I somewhat agree, alt coins are going to get tons of FIAT and exchange pairs, and as there are more exchanges every day, people won’t use BTC to exchange as much, or as the sun to revolve around.
BTC may have had its last run as largest % of market cap.
Alts are going to flip the script.
literally every normie is in bitcoin>one day they'll come back to check their folio>-96%>"Sorry sir, but it looks like everyone abandoned bitcoin for bitcoin cash.
Bitcoin cash was later abandoned for ultra bitcoin and bitcoin reloaded" "wow, I'll definitely reinvest in crypto after that ordeal!
"~no normie ever