/Biz/, I present you the next moon mission which is still under the radar.Horizon State (HST).>Undervalued?Check.
Market cap below $5m which is crazily low.>Real product?Check.
Their voting platform has already been used.
They will announce their clients and partnerships in late December.
Could be the Australian govt or the UN (they presented HST to the UN in New York).>Good team?Check.
Professional team based in Melbourne.
This is the second ICO from Australia, after POWR.
But HST is still under the radar because they are not yet listed on big exchanges like binance/bittrex etc (coming soon).>Exchanges?Currently only on ED and KuCoin.
Livecoin will list HST tomorrow (22 Nov) and Cryptopia will also list HST at the end of this month (date is not disclosed).As always, do your own research.
I'm just here to help spreading the words.
What makes the token valuable?
Why do you think it deserves more than 5 mil market cap?
Bought into HST a few days ago at $0.24 and it has tanked since.This is the first coin I let /biz/ meme me into buying based on hype.
I figured if all you retards were making money off these shitcoins I could too.
Fortunately, after realizing my stupidity I did my own research and found out that at least this project isn't a steaming pile of shit with some potential.Thankfully, I didn't put in a lot (and completely expect to lose it all desu).
But, I swear if you meme'd me out of 3 ETH /biz/, I'm telling the NSA on you.
She's laughing at me buying this at $0.30.
I still believe in HST but jesus it tanked real good.
The token will be used for voting.
Say an org wants to do an election, they will have to buy the HST.
Increased supply will increase the price of HST.I did my own research and found out that at least this project isn't a steaming pile of shit with some potential.This is why doing our own research is important.
Fortunately, you bought HST instead of a random useless shitcoin with shitty team *cough confido cough*.
For now, just be patient.
The crowd will eventually find out about this coin and we, as early investors, will be rewarded for our patience.I think she's laughing at you because you didn't buy more.
Kek.
If only I had more fiat, I'd have bought more at the current price.
HST is currently really stupid cheap.
voting platformLmfaoNo company worth more than a shit wants public voting records you dumb nignog
What happens to tokens after they are used for voting?
Are they burned?
What makes the tokens valuable?
This.
Don't get shilled.
4484448Nigger did you even read the white paper?Companies are not the only clients of HST.
They will also aim at NGOs (non govt orgs).
The team presented HST to the UN (yes, the United Nations) in New York.There is no reason for NGOs to reject HST when HST could provide them a cheaper and more efficient voting platform.Read above.
Also join the telegram: t.me/horizonstate the peeps in the telegram can explain it to you better than me.
HST is sales tax Canada.