
Why are you buying more?I went all in 2 days ago, and bought a bit more yday, but I don't ahve the balls to add more at this point.
Why, are you buying more?
*
rsi is going towards 80+.
pump is coming.
Will keep going up until the fork, at least.
Nah b, It may wellc ontinue to go up, the flippening might even happen, but there are no free coins from this "fork".
Massive sell walls at .23If you buy now you deserve to lose everything.
I think we are going to 0.35 with this run up
i don't think so.
i think people will start to take profits around 0.295-0.3 because of the psychological barrier.
btc is done it's a shitcoin ,bch will take over
There's no increase in value from the fork itself.
This isn't a contentious hardfork.
You're going to remove the emergency difficulty adjustment and that's it.
if tomorrow is another pump day it will definitely hit that between the hours of 4am and 8am PSTbut it's done for today.
volume will gradually slide and it'll dipBUY THE DIPmake another 40% tomorrow in a few hourshappy trading
Why is a bigger blocksize making everyone cream?
Bigger blocksize is not a pure good idea satoshi didnt want bigger blocksize
Because I like to buy low, duh
and thats when BTC dies because its the only defect BCH has left, the EDA served its purppose to make it survive the fork, and not its being removed so that the hash power never returns to BTC
satoshi talks about increasing the blocksize in the whitepaperhave you read it?
satoshi's vision
What you stupid fucks fail to appreciate is that if you manage to kill BTC, you will have killed the goose that lays the golden eggs.
It will destroy confidence in crypto as a store of value for decades, if not forever.
Double TopAbort, abort!!
Then he realized how people would be against it so they can keep running nodes instead of only jews.
That's probably the plan.
Yeah, this too.
The entire global fiat currency empire has plenty of motivation and essentially unlimited resources to kill or subvert Bitcoin.
Certainly possible that they would bankroll Jihan's scheme.
but I don't ahve the balls to add morethere is your answer
Damn dude what am I doing.
I just turned my BTC into BCC.
Anyone give advise
U dit gud boioRelaks
comfy hodlsgo watch a movie or fap or sth and come back tomorrow for massive gains
What you stupid fucks fail to appreciate is that if you manage to kill BTC, you will have killed the goose that lays the golden eggs.
It will destroy confidence in crypto as a store of value for decades, if not forever.
the globial fiat currency empire has already hijacked bitcoin core, where have you been?