How high can bitcoin get if things go well, within 6 months?
No delusions edition pls
10k
15k
Was thinking around 10 K aswell.all of a sudden things are going to move quickly
9-20k
kI think the big movers in the next 6 months will be Ethereum and Monero.Ethereum will see $600Monero $300
any reasoning?
And NEO
If everything goes well...
I would say in may 2018, probably 20k.
If bitcoin goes full normie and we start seeing it shoved into societies faces and literally everyone is onboard (which won't happen), I would say 50k+ in 6 months.If crypto bans start happening, crack-down on taxing crypto, then probably 10k tops.
He said no delusional shit you retard
A-and Ark
the bitcoin coder guy himself said Monero was a good bet.... so thanks for reminding me, Im all in monero with my current stack
From a purely objective non-shill perspective, Ethereum and Monero are the most useful, well developed cryptocurrencies with hands down the best developer teams and communities behind them.
Compare them to the cancer ridden devs and community behind Bitcoin and Bitcoin Cash.Perhaps.
I left it off because I'm undecided as to whether NEO will take off.
Honestly I don't know enough about it, I just know its a competitor to Ethereum, and as such, I don't see it beating Ethereum considering about 100x as much development is going into ETH.I remember in like March when Ark was literally just a p&d shitcoin.
It's a miracle its got as far as it has.That's a pretty safe bet.
Monero should honest to god be at the top in place of Bitcoin.
Monero is exactly what people think Bitcoin is.
It's a miracle its got as far as it has.Not really, if you were able to see what makes a good project you would have invested too.
Why is monero better than dash?
>He said no delusional shit you retardIf you would have asked this question back in May, everyone would call you a delusional retard for suggesting Bitcoin would hit $7400 within the next six months
Doesnt Ethereum lose the value of its functionality as its price increases?
For those dapps running on Ethereum, gas price would increase with price increases?
$10k because the current price is too high for the actual number of non-spam transactions.
As soon as lightning and side chains are gaining traction, we will get a nice push upwards.