Been hearing a lot of different info.Particularly that he is a US exiled scam artist.
But also he worked on Zcash which is highly regarded here.
So whats the bottom line, do projects worked on by Ver get the seal of approval or not?
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Calvin_Ayre
he tried to sell bombs to 14 year olds?
got caught fled to japan and he was buying drugs online and buying child porn so had a stack built up to fucking stupid to sell them for 1 dollar aka he sucks dick on the reg he bought a website that was allready created and after he bought it ran it into the ground.
he bought another company that company became shit as well.
it was about selling figget spiners or somthing for bitcoin.
created a for of bitcoin spent millions and millions pumping and now he has no money
Well memed.Mostly lies and a few half truths, but funny overall.
4405924he also crys because nigers are starving in afica lol what a faggot he should have spent that money killing niggers that have 40 kids that they cant feed
hes the one who was promoting bitcoin when no one else was.
he got a lot of hate and fud for it.
look at him now
pretty sure thats spot on
He's a loon that wants to start a libertarian country.
Probably the main reason he wants a 'flippening' with BTC and BCH so he can increase his position with crypto to finance his insanity
Start with his wikipedia.
This thread is full of garbage.
He sold bombs on Ebay and is a convicted felon is what I can actually verify.
have a song for being a faggothttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-grLLLTza6k
I want to punch all of their faces
was arrested for a felony ( i think mailing explosive to customers)memorydealers (sold memory online for btc)directed everyone to MTGOXfled to japan with MTGOX dude
Con artistEmotionally unstable like your avg womanBought a gazillion bitcoins when they were worthlessGave away a gazillion bitcoins to random people when they were nearly worthless.Attention whoreFaggotWas arrested for a bullshit reason, did like 10 months in prisonGets more credibility than he deserves because he's better than avg looking and can talk about bitcoin well despite knowing nothing about the codeCEO of some shitty website called memory dealersHas full control over r/btc that nobody visits.
Also is admin of bitcoin.comShills Bitcoin cash because he's either retarded or just is a complete cocksuckerBottom line is none of these Bitcoin "celebrities" can be trusted, even Erik Voorhees once sounded based, not anymore
roger ver sold explosives compotents to islamic terroricst and got away with ti.
do the fucking math op you think thisz nigga aint got connections nigga YOU KNOW HIS NAME AND YOU DOUBTING HIM NIGGER WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU DOING BUY BITCOIN CASH NOW BEFORE ITS TOO LATE
nice guy
Bump
this is true.
ISIS is poised to buy BCH next pump.don't be on the losing side.
This board is a messMostly altcoin shills and third world shitskin scumYour doubts and laughter at Bitcoin when it was stagnant now results in buying altcoins that are going nowhere.Pottery
Basically he was selling explosives and sending them in the mail.
Here’s evidence of his prison time you can find on bop.govThen he went to Japan and renounced his American citizenship.I don’t trust this guy one bit.
Bump
faggot who got shit ton of bitcoin because he was selling illegal shit on ebay and got popped.
found out about bitcoin and BAM.
he is a fucking slimy, piece of shit.
he is worse than a car sales man
have you ever heard him talk?
he's incoherent af.
here's the real version
Honestly this is exactly the type of guy I'd trust with some cyberpunk shit.
You don't want some betacuck jew trying to overturn the world order.
You want a fucking Mr Robot
But he sounds like he has downs.
Why the fuck does everyone assume he has anything at all to do with Bitcoin Cash development?He just has an audience and shills.
He literally has nothing to do with development, are /biz/tards really this fucking dense?
He shills the fuck out of it.
Are you dense?
OP - I'll give you my honest opinion on him.
He's a libertarian to the t - and Bitcoin is like his baby.
He legitimately wants Bitcoin to succeed for the greater good of mankind.
As to his personal side, I'm not so sure - but he seems like a genuine person, even reached out to me on twitter via DM to discuss a political issue I had commented about.
No shit Sherlock.
So does /biz/, whats your point?
He still doesn't have anything to do personally with the project.
He's just as involved with bch development as he is btc.
he's obviously a piece of shit.
sadly so are the autistic neckbeard faggotards of core/blockstream
 sats have been deposited into your account.
please wait 3 days for confirmation
*for the first confirmationfinal confirmation expected within 2 weeks.
glorified scam artist that made millions by mistake.. getting into bitcoin early.
Has no morals, will cheat and lie to make a quick buck.
Has low testosterone and LOVES Africans.
How would he get into Japan then?
They are quite strict about the no criminals part.
If he wants to actually kill the bitcoin with a massive pump he needs to make it officialLook at this shit show.
He's got to put a date and a time out there where all Cash-heads go all in and invite the entire community to one big pump rally or else its just a bunch of chop that leads to nothingI mean if taking over is his end game (personally I don't get much of an end-game vibe to him or all this disorganized shit)
They're obviously meme-ing, it's not even corecuck propaganda.Dude is alright, he sold some fireworks once and got a slap on the wrist.
No seriously if he has a criminal record he probably lied about it to get into Japan.
If anyone wanted to drop a dime on him and send Japanese immigration a link to his record he would likely be deported.
How tall is he?
Is he a manlet I need to know.
Voorhees is a decent guy
yeah a high profile guy like him flies totally under the radar the japanese just aren't aware brah yeah totallylet's start a change.org petition for Roger Ver awareness
Japanese police are generally incompetent.
It's a meme in Japan.
I highly doubt they are tracking this "high profile" gaijin that's big in internet chat rooms about nerd coins.
Besides this isn't a legal issue it's an immigration issue.
He likely omitted his criminal past to get entry.
"high profile" gaijin that's big in internet chat rooms about nerd coins.His net worth is in the hundreds of millions of USD.
Of course he's been looked into.
What are agrgcultural grade explosives even
Him or Shrem in a fight to the death?
He's pretty tall desu
He's a citizen of St Kitts.
& Nevis, and he renounced his US citizenship.
Any question along the lines of "Have you ever been convinced of an offense in your country" could legitimately be answered with a no.
I want this guy OUT of my Japan.
Interesting.
Give it a shot then I guess.He's given anecdotes about amusing meetings with Japanese politicians talking to him about Satoshi Nakamoto, it does strike me as hard to believe that they would not know who he is and his history.
But I guess it's possible.
He likely did this so Japan couldn't check his criminal record in the US.
They just enter his St Kitts passport info and it comes up as no criminal record.
Diabolical.
But all we have to do is send them his DoJ record.
Though I can't how to see how to send a tip to Japanese immigration.
he sold illegal fireworks you dumbassesthe amount of bullshit and outright lies on this board are incredible
And committed immigration fraud, probably.
agrgcultural grade explosivesIronically it's used in mining.Agricultural bc one of the main components is ammonium nitrate (fertilizer).
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ANFO
Explosives which Cabelas and other retailers ship and store in the same exact fashion that he was.
Of note: He ran for California State Assembly and was extremely outspoken about the BATFE being "murderers".
Its not far fetched to believe this might be why he got convicted for something so mundane.
It also might explain why hes an expat now.
HE A GOOD BOY DIDN'T SPLODE NOTHIN
Absolutely true.
That's fertilizer.
Explosives are used in agriculture for land management and pest control.
He probably didn't have some permit for it.
I don't think things like this should warrant a prison sentence but the guy did enough shady shit lately to not have much sympathy for him.
he was a faulty explosives salesman who discovered magic Internet monies peddled by shady Indian individuals and NEETs
he's an innocent fireworks merchant