Is $100 a good amount to start trading with?
I'm poor.
you wont see much returns on bigger coins but you can always look at $1< coins that have potential.
Go look at POWR
$250 I'd say minimum.
With $100 you'll get JUSTd just from fees or moving to another wallet due to fees
I started with a similar amount, it really sucks in the beginning but you can do it if you're careful about your trades and consider fees.
Zencash might be good for you.
When they release the secure nodes it's going to explode.
But you have to be patient.
How did you pick your trades?
$100 total or $100 to slated to invest besides cash savings?If 100$ total, obviously not save more cash first.
If 100$ slated to invest, also no transaction fees will eat you alive try Robinhood instead it's fee free.
Avoid coinbase.
All your money will just go to fucking fees
Marketcap is the only thing that matters not the price.
load it up on bitmex and 100x some lowcap
$100Do you take it up the ass?
Nigga, I spent at least $100 each day for condoms.
Step up your game if you want to trade cryptos, kiddo.
Get lucky on one coin, 1 trade, 1 time>Don't really worry about fees anymoreLots of pajeets in this thread
this thread is feelbadI'm like OP and saved up enough to invest $100, but I guess you need more :/
It's a start, but obviously you would want to put in more money over time so you can see larger returns.Also you can treat it like a test>If I trade my $100 into $5, then maybe crypto isn't for me
marketcap is derived from the price you fucking moron
and the circulating supply... dumbass.kek.
go buy some ripple since it's so cheap brainlet
shut up fucking idiot gay ass, you bought condoms to take it up the ass mother fucker nigger faggot.
Tron legacy is more straight than your gay ass nigger.
Go be a nigger somewhere else.$100 is plenty to get started with crypto, you can turn that into 1k, and then 15k, and then do the same one more time for 1.5million.
all from $100.How about you step up your game and you do that bitch ass, none of that investing and get 3% shit back.
What are my other options?
Specifically if I want to trade lots of different alts?
shut up fucking idiot gay ass
is windows 10 safe for trading/storing crypto?what if I bought a hardware wallet like ledger nano/trezor, is it safe to use with windows?
I'm currently using bittrex.
Do you suggest I switch to bitmex like someone suggested, and use leverage?
I'm in the same boat as you.
$100 capital.
IMP i wouldn't trust myself with leverage.
I've made mistakes that could sink me, like, this morning.
If i were using leverage.I'm not opposed to it in the future, once I can trust my ability as a trader, and when this crazy-ass market settles down.
But for now, leveraged trading seems like a good way to rage-quit crypto.
if you invest in the coins you like and knowledgeable about, you wont need leverage.
Leverage is good for day trading small plays.
Other than that no point in leverage when a coin can go 10,000%
Buy lipstick, wig, stockings, high heels and prostitute urself.
3k a month easy.
You can.
Drop it all into something you really like now.
Spend the next month researching other coins, pick one you like, drop another 100 in and possibly make a trade with your other 100.
After a month of learning you can start to play around some more.
he doesn't want to turn 10,000% into 1,000,000%Not making it.
Started out with 300 bucks, bought ans because of the memes.
Find a solid project and swingtrade it while researching mid term/long coins.
I suggest using binance for lower fees
Put it into a coin called HoboNickels.
Check the chart.
You will make 50x.
Some retard bought a shit ton
Start with $100Start with $1Just start dammit
Bump!
just treat bitcoin like a savings account.
put in a little bit when you can, but don't put in money that you will need.
pretend you're locking this money up for years
he's not slowly accumulating on Ripple dipsImagine all those banks start using XRP to make everything cheap... the token burn will accelerate
$100 is actually pretty good to start with, if you intend to find your gains in <$1 coins.
Even $10 bucks is enough in that market.
Do your research though, you have very little wiggle room if your investment gets fucked.
get a exness account with 2000:1 leverage.
just don't lose your money.
Yeah go ahead and buy ripple, you honestly deserve to lose all your luch money if you really think that price per coin is so important
Started with $500, now have 2.5 BTC
what did you trade?
Eth, Steem, LTC, now all my holdings are in Ark.
I started with $250 back in September.
At $2500 now.
100 is plenty to to start with
Do Airdrops...
I make 3 eth a month selling free airdrops on etherdelta..Dumpin shitcoins on chinks!
laughing as they crash...example.. make .5 eth on Neogold scam coin!
I could tell the dev was full of shit... got a free airdrop and dumped it on etherdelta..Poorfag 101.... legit.. learn... and repeat
lol, dont follow his advice OP.
price / coin is really irrelevant, all that matters is market cap.
0.1 of one coin can be much better than 1000 of another.Id advice you to DYOR for at least 2 weeks, watch the market closely and learn by that, maybe do a simulation of things, how much you WOULDVE lost/gained by this and that.
Dont jump in right away
Give me one reason not to put my entire net worth into HoboNickles
I made over 30k off ripple.
Fuck your mother if you want fuck.
Buy $100 worth of Chainlink now.By the end of 2018 it will be worth about $2.6 bil.