Who here /addicted to adderall/ here?Ive taken so much the past few weeks Im kind of scared im about to go on a psychotic break
Guy i used to buy scripts from moved feelsbadman doctors are faggots where i live so wouldn't prescribe it either
stop the adderall boyo
Buy a shitload of weed and blaze fat while you take a break from adderall.
Pro-tip: combine both substances for one of the best feelings in the world.
nigger that doesnt help Im addicted to weed too
4432509You should stop anon.
Know your addictions and be above them.
You are your own worst enemy, if you recognize something that is not helping you stop it.
You will be glad you did.
Try Meditation, won't patronize you but it works for relaxation.
modafinil+phenibut=limitless
Feeling pain can help alleviate emotional pain there is likely something you need to resolve.
Check out Ike.
It's an app that helps you prioritize tasks, it's helped me alot
thisstart by taking small breaks from trading to meditate and/or listen to music.
Gotta be in a good mindset.
I have a big ass prescription of the stuffits like a bottemless jar.
I do meditation and made a tulpa in the processnot good enough.
Kratom is the only good in my opinon
I took it for adhd and it's nice to have on hand but again it's knowing you don't NEED it to make it through a day, be above your addictions.
Remember what your goals in life are.
Plan ahead.
Write stuff down that helps sometimes.
Ultimately ask yourself do I need to be taking this?
Medicine is good for temporary fixes not long term imo
Psychedelics can help remind you what you are supposed to be doing also ;)
Adderall not even once.
A written to-do lidt is cheaper and more clear reminder of what you are supposed to do.
since being on zoloft psycadelics barely effect meI used to have magical dxm expierices thoughyeah its just so awesome to start the day.
to snort 70mg and feel euphoric and ready to hardcore trade the minute candles
Same here man I get it.
I just did all of it and now I have no more, and I don't let myself get any more.
Problem was I had a bunch in the house.If I was still an addy hound I couldn't handle trading crypto, it would be too stressful.
Honestly Adderall makes you stupider, and feeling smart is an illusion.
stfu hippie, kys
this is how I notcied it effects trading>You learn much fasterbut>You become too overzealous and make too many trades
ZoloftDon't take that either.
I used to take Prozac and Adderall.
Society wants you to take drugs to deal with the shitty work they give you.
If you are able to free yourself from that you'll be good.
Its hard to get there but once you're there its easy to maintain.I still miss that morning bump though.
God.
I still think about it.
I went through a period of drinking in the morning to cope with it.
It was awful.
Now Bittrex is my adderall though, there's no euphoria like a great trade.
Drugs are for losers enjoy dying early.
I always stop myself before I get addicted, I love it for programming but it makes me anxiety so much worse.
I'm going to not touch it again.
I was addicted to it for a good 6 or 7 years until it started causing me health problems.
That shit will literally put you into an early grave, but I'll be damned if it doesn't feel good and get shit done.
I had to call it quits, now I struggle with happiness and motivation.
Crypto is the only thing that gets me excited lately.
Kill me