I'm a cubicle wagecuck and I'm baldingShould I just off myself?
You should check science news on a weekly basis to see how baldness cures are progressing.
Just go completely bald, and own the look.
Don't be an indecisive cuck.
shave it off.
get some prison tatts.
quit your job.
join the hells angels.
Yeah bald men are scum always looking to fuck people over
Try Minoxidil.
Cheap.
No side effects.
shave it off.
OBEY.
Go bald and go swole, stay clean cutif you do choose to off yourself though sent crypto
This
Smart contracts will replace your job within 10 years.
Might as well get it over with.
He really owns a winning smile.
So natural.
Shave it off and start a luxury-elite cryptocurrency pump and dump group subscription service.
Get a hair transplant.
And not that shit where some dude takes a scalpel to the back of you head and slices out the hair follicles leaving scars.
Get the one where it's a machine that 'plucks' it out.
If you're going to do this, do it the right way not the cheap way.
It's the difference between 60% success to 95% success.I personally got one for 9.5k for 1.5k follicles (I belive 3k follicles is the max that can be taken).
I just needed to cover my scalp and I'm waiting for this nigger shit to finally grow in.If 9.5k is too much then get a job and take out a loan, you can pay it back slowly over time like any other high purchase.
You literally have only this option or shave it all off.
That will fuck with you dick, actually.
You're thinking of Finasteride (Rogaine) which blocks DHT.
Minoxidil is purely topical vasodilator.https://www.webmd.com/drugs/2/drug-3503/minoxidil-topical/details#side-effects
No one knows the story of LeXplorer?
Come on boys...https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MHguuStJnt4
What's the term for /sp/ and /biz/ crossboarders?
You might be right.
Regardless, I personally think a one time, accurate, long term/permanent solution is the way to go.
There's no reason to waste time and money going out to get bottles of this to apply it in a desperate attempt that's not 100% guarantee to fix it, and will disappear when you get lazy/stop.
In OP's pic the hair on the sides is the type of hair that you never lose.
They just take that from random places and put it on top surgically.
I agree.
9.5k seems a lot.
Granted, being in Mexico, it must be way cheaper here.
go bald and get buff there are girls who are really into that look
This sounds like a pajeet selling his shitcoins
lmfao
He got out of prison early, hasn't come back to sp
All about the face in these cases but yes some can pull it off
true.
My friend has a weird shaped melon head, I never noticed when he had hair
Go bald and go swole, stay clean cutThis is your only option.
Just wear a wig.
wear a hat, over the wig.