IOTA (MIOTA) is about to hit $1.00!!!!!
How are we feeling right now boys?!
I've never heard anything about it other than buzzwords and immigrants.
Who actually uses it?
What is it used for?
You jinxed it fgt
biggeSt shit ever
It is used by weatherstations in Taiwan but thats about it.
Its just a speculative price really.. everyone thinks IOTA will be a multitrillion currency in the future.
I've never heard anything about it other than buzzwords and immigrants.
Who actually uses it?
What is it used for?Are people this retarded?
This legit sounds like a boomer idiot response when you mention BTC.
BTC??
I never heard of it must be shit
That it's still not worth nearly as many sats as it once did
the inshallah autist is here toohi man
topkek
Created by the same guy that invented proof of stake.
Uses an alternative to blockchain that confirms its own transactions and doesn't require miners.
The more transactions, the faster the network runs, so it's infinitely scaleable.
As there are no miners, transactions are Feeless.
It is being mostly set up for transactions between machines in the IOT, but also would work perfectly as a P2P system for both normal and micro transactions.
Bosch, Fujitsu, Volkswagen, and (possibly) Samsung are already on board with Iota for their IOT products, including Bosch's upcoming line of self driving vehicles.
Only downside is you need capable hardware to verify transactions, so either you need to be at your computer or they need to successfully convince phone companies to put their shit into their phones (which would then become the future payment method).
It's a huge hurdle they're gonna have to get over
Feeling comfy, got in at 0.60 and again at 0.85.I truly regret not having more money to buy more.
looks like these guys are easy to get triggeredtech solid or not im not gonna touch this shit
fucking ancient/stay poor
'White genocide' is the most retarded shit to worry and complain about
Vitalik is a commie too, irrelevant
Me too.
I hope it dips.
I want to accumulate 1 GIOTA.
4472412its not that but the way the guy answered it he fucking called the other guy a "white supremacist"he could have handled this more professionallybut buy what you want for all i careenjoy your trillion coin supply
but buy what you want for all i careI'm not buying, but for actual reasons
underage trump memeing Polcucks get triggered and cry about white genocide when they hear someone donates to a foundation that helps actual refugees in actual refugee camps Typical
stay butthurt, dude.
you'll be like the cashies in a couple months with all your conspiracy theories as to why IOTA is still going up
/pol/ is always r-I mean btfo
Lmao, some retards here during the peak of iota fud a couple months back in were adamant that the only reason iota had value was because "government is pumping the price"Anyone who talks bad about iota is a straight up retard in my book and all of their opinions are ignored
yeah, i was buying up during peak /biz/ IOTA fud.
it paid off and it will keep doing so thanks /biz/
Pretty much thisIOTA has a lot of potential>no miners>no transaction fees/biz/tards: REEEEEEEEEEEE
It also can't be traded unless you're validating other transactions at the time, which will require hardware to do it.
I won't be able to transfer IOTA from my phone to someone else over the internet (unless they convince companies to adopt their tech and implement it like they're hoping)
Not touching IOTA because devs are easily triggered?
Good idea - companies run by temperamental devs always fail.
keep your eyes on the news the next few days/weeks
Or people who donate to niggers and sand niggers
Have they hinted at phone companies adopting hardware to allow for validating IOTA transactions?
Because anything short of that won't work
topkek
Because anything short of that won't worki guess we're fucked, guys.
someone should tell the IOTA team.
this guys has it all figured out.
https://twitter.com/c___f___b/status/932561535322468352
You're gonna need to explain a bit more than just linking the tweets which call Vitalik a faget.
I'm working with knowledge about IOTA that I learned a little while back from watching something from the team explain it themselves for like 15 minutes
someone from the team*
IOTA will power IoT and Industry 4.0https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Industry_4.0It will be a "top 3" coin in the next few years.
Dogecoin used to be the indicator for how much dumb clueless money was in the market.
Once Dogecoin started mooning the market was at peak retardation.
Worthless IOTA is the indicator now.
Idiotas are dumping money into the market like crazy, we're almost at the peak of this market cycle
Comparing a literal stale meme coin and potentially groundbreaking techdon’t you dare using intelligent Pepe in your posts ever again faggit
true.
iota is by far one of the biggest shitcoins.
worse than doge
groundbreaking tech>coordinator runs transactions because no working network>unvetted homebrewed ternary hash function> not a single idea in the white paper has been implemented
>tfw bought iota at $.87 and sold at $.88>friend called it at $.67 and I was too scared to buy in
got bad news for you bro...It's probably going to dip on 1$ and if not enough support we're going .50 probably again.or we got to like 5 bucks before the end of the year.
you don't even understand how much of an idiot you are yourself, do you ?
It's like you testing the boarders of your idiocy daily and there's no limits
Going under 0.80-1.0$ is again an indicator of under-valuation t. 0.35$ buyer
I'm only in Ark and BTC right now.If I dropped $500 on this how much would I be at June 2018, realistically?
Realistically?
Anywhere from 500 to 7 grand.
doesn't deconstruct his argument>just call him a dummygreat job
ark has better returns then desu
friendly reminder>>from redditThere are only 2,779,530 GIOTA = 2,779,530,283 MIOTAPeople always complain about the supply being too large, but if you think about it, owning just 1 GIOTA puts you in a club even more exclusive than owning one BTC (supply max 21,000,000).
There are maximum only 2.8 million people in the world that will ever own a single GIOTA.
Anyone who says IOTA cant make you rich is a liar, plain and simple.
(1 GIOTA = 1000 MIOTA = 1,000,000 KIOTA = 1,000,000,000 IOTA)BTC (max circulating supply 21,000,000 BTC)IOTA (max circulating supply 2,779,530 GIOTA = 2,779,530,283,277,761 IOTA total supply)
how do you get GIOTA?
buy 1000 MIOTA = 1 GIOTAdid you not read my copy pasta?
he's right, GIOTA about to cost US1MM
yet another copy pasta from reddit.After bitcoin becomes too expensive for the average person to deal with it in whole bitcoins (already the case for some people), we will begin dealing, speaking, and thinking in smaller units like millibitcoin and microbitcoin, but the most elemental bitcoin unit is the satoshi.How many satoshis are there (or at maximum)?
This many:2,100,000,000,000,000Which is found by multiplying the maximum 21 million bitcoin by the number of satoshis per bitcoin, which is 100 million.How do you pronounce that huge number?
Like this:"Two quadrillion one hundred trillion.
"How many satoshis are available to us now (have been mined)?Well, we've mined about 15 million bitcoin out of the 21 million maximum.
Times 100 million that comes out to:1,500,000,000,000,000or, "One quadrillion five hundred trillion.
"How many satoshis is that for each human being alive today?
Taking a 7-billion approximation, that comes out to:214,285 satoshis per human being.In a total bitcoin-takeover scenario, where bitcoin truly moons and comes out to a price of, say, $3 million per coin and goes into worldwide use, each satoshi would have to be worth about 3-cents.Thus, even in a total-bitcoin-victory scenario, it seems that there are enough satoshis in the world to run commerce at even the smallest level.There is the Tonal bitcoin proposal, which allows for effectively infinite division of bitcoin and satoshis themselves.Still, we will not likely need to worry about such things in our lifetime.