What undergrad degree should I study to fall back on if my law school ambitions don't pan out?
I want need to be rich just financially stable to have something small and decent.
Anyone on /biz/ gone to law school and work as lawyers?
Tell me about it.
You'll be financially stable and fucking miserable.
There are better ways.
The practice of law sucks.
t. Lawyer
depends where you live.
go engineer.
but then again you seem retarded.
Can you tell me about it?
Where did you do law school and do you think that affects your career satisfaction?
I went to a t-14 school and make good money at a larger firm.
That's not the issue.
Your creativity juices will die.
You'll cancel plans on friends.
You'll never take vacations.
You'll assist dumber people make far more money than you.
You will build nothing.
And you will always be replaceable.
The worst part is no one will tell you this.
Everyone will tell you how great it is that you're going to be a lawyer.
It's all bullshit.
Can you tell me realistically what it takes to get into a t-14 school?
Do you not know people who enjoy their work?
There's been a bit of slowdown in applications so schools have loosened their standards.
You graduate with a decent GPA and get over a 165 on the LSAT and you're in.
No one cares what your undergrad is unless youre pursuing ip law.
I'd say any STEM or economics with a bit of stats/math/CS thrown in is a safe bet.
Even if you go into an unrelated field it shows technical/quantitative abilities
Lawyers and doctors have miserable lives.
Go into Computer Science.
What kinda GPA are we talking though?
I guess that's my real question.
Like, I know Yale and Harvard and Chicago are some of the top schools, but what kinda of GPAs are they looking for?
And is it true a high LSAT score can make up for a lower GPA?
Having known hundreds of lawyers I can count on my fingers how many enjoy it.
One has a tax llm on top of their law degree, works in a boutique tax law firm, works half as many hours, and makes more money than I do despite a third tier JD.
She is the law unicorn.The others make terrible money in public service, but have a life.
Tell me about doctors being miserable.
My girlfriend is working herself to death trying to get into med school and it's really affecting her trying to get the grades and volunteer hours and everything required.
LSAT is more important than any other number.
Only exception is Yale which has a holistic approach.
But unless you're a refugee who started a non profit, LSAT is still the most important.
As for GPA anything in top 1/3 of your class will do, higher for the schools you listed.
Undergrad prestige levels also matter to those schools.
This this this this I'm currently learning to code so I can GTFO
I was a degenerate in my first year and am going to graduate with a 3.5-3.6.
What kind of LSAT score would I need to get a significant scholarship at a T-14?
I am white
I wouldn't imagine this being me.
I'd imagine more of a Harvey Specter type deal.
Only like 1/3 of doctors would choose to do it again.
Probably because the majority of them do it because normies consider it "the most prestigious job" and not because they actually love the field.
You are in school until you are 32 and usually have a good amount of debt.
Maybe that's why Harvey took on such a big risk because he was just so bored of being awesome.
Prob a 170 or higher for a lower t14.
Out will depend on the market when you graduate
If I go to my local universitys law school which is ranked about 50th in the US, will I be doomed?
Fuck the fucking medicineStay out of itIt brought me to r9k, it is the literal definition of hell
I know Pearson Specter Litt only takes the best of the best.
I assume everyone else is the same.
What about working locally and just making a decent salary?
I am not in law school so take this with a grain of salt but I have heard if it is in the area you want to practice law and you graduate in the top quartile of your class, that it does not matter what nonmeme law school you go to.
Yeah easy.
You'll still be a bitch for awhile but that's every career.
One more question.
How do you deal with the debt of law school if you didn't get a scholarship?
How do people do it?
Get IT certifications.
You'll end up spending a fraction on what you would for a degree and get a job 10x faster
LSATs are the number one most important things.Law schools are used to GPAs near 4.0 from people taking easy ass majors.
But they'll generally take someone with an LSAT in their 75th percentile but GPA in the 25th because there are so few people with very high LSAT scores vs very high GPAs.Don't go to law school unless it's in the top 10.
Most have rich parents.
You wageslave.
how much bitcoin for this girl?
She's Brazilian.
She'll do it for free
rd year law student here.It's pretty stressful man.
Good luck.Finance is good, financial services is a growing industry.
You're fucked with lawschool debt if you don't have the money already or a scholarship.Most people at decent lawschools pay off their $200k+ in law school loans (plus undergrad loans etc) by becoming chained to their desk in biglaw.
>"Oh but Biglaw pays $160-180k+ starting a year right, shouldn't take too long!"WRANG.
You'll be in your stupid Manhattan apartment getting buttraped by Federal, New York and NEW YORK CITY income taxes while having to spend all sorts of money on bullshit because you're working all the time (suits, shoes, constant dry cleaning, eating out in one of the most expensive cities in the world).
Then associates will expect you to show up to post-work bar events and shell out $20-$30+ a drink just to be normal.You'll also be pressured into buying fancy watches, club memberships and all sorts of other horse shit so you'll be chained to your job for decades.
This guy gets it.
Welcome to my life
Are there any biglaw places on the west coast?
Specifically Oregon or Washington?
Finance is good, financial services is a growing industry.Finance is going to get annihilated by automationt.
business major
If you like life long student loan debt bondage, no middle class that can pay for your work, a perception that you are rich because you are required to wear a suit but in reality you are poorer than many of your indigent clients, shit pay, no reliable retirement... A legal education is one of my top 5 all time life mistakes.
-20 year veteran attorney with a shit ton of things I've done as a lawyer.
So is Comp Sci a good degree for someone who doesn't really know what the fuck to do with their life but has some vague inkling in that direction and doesn't want to be stressed out the rest of their life.
I'm okay being poor I just don't want stress.
Life long debt bondage that saps your soul like you can't imagine
Do something you like, or else you will be miserable.
The grass is always greener.
code monkey studiesNo, not meming Math if you have the balls
LOL Oregon??
Washington??
Lol lolololol.
What baby shitstain states.You might have a teeny tiny presence in Seattle.
I went to a top 10 school.
Nearly EVERYONE went to NY or DC for biglaw.
Couple went to Boston, Chicago, a few went to Dallas, some to LA/Silicon Valley.
But fucking Oregon?
Lol, biglaw exists where there's money.
Real money.
People who walk in and shell out $500-$1000+/hour for this shit.
Go to a real city for real work.
4289813Mah (sad) niggas.
Been in practice 3 years and have a firm quit date on my calendar for February 20, 2018.
Never coming back and student loans can zzzzzzuck my balls.
How bad are the hours?
Elaborate please.
this is wrong and retarded.i work in seattle and I can tell you amazon literally has a fucking ARMY of in house lawyers here, who all make retarded amounts of money (compared to a developer like me)
Are you in Manhattan too?
Gender studies.
The market for that degree is growing daily, and savvy businessmen can make a killing selling outrage and controversy, or validation and normalization if that's more your speed.
Cash in on the decline of western civilization.
Keked hard actually
Unfortunately everything I'm truly interested in has no real job prospects unless you're some kind of genius savant or very lucky.
I wish I was truly in love with math or something so I could do a respectable degree, get a good job and love it.
4290017SeeThis is me, on a different device.
Yes, I'm in New York.
FinanceGo into Corporate Law, and make the same amount as Investment Banking fags with while working on the same shit with less hours.
Fellow Manhattan biglaw lawyer who went to a t-14 checking in.
If you want to pay off debt fast, go to Texas (something I regret not doing sometimes).
Houston and Dallas pay the same starting salary (180k now for first years) and taxes and cost of living are a fraction of what they are in NY.There have been some days that I really enjoyed my work and some days I hated.
Overall I don't regret going to law school, but I fucking hate how much student debt I have.
It really is a cloud over your whole life.
It's this constant weight.
feelsbadman.jpg.
Honestly, I like practicing law when I get interesting cases (Steam is one of our clients and their cases tend to be interesting, but some cases are boring as fuck.)
Holy fuck.
Everything about this statement is wrong.You work same if not longer hours.IBankers made truckloads more money than any attorney of a similar experience level.I'm gonna go ahead and say you're not a corporate lawyer, nor are you even a lawyer, and you are talking completely out of your ass.
Can confirm that anon has no idea what he's talking about.
I do litigation, but have a lot of friends in corporate.
They work longer hours and make less money than the I-Bankers.
And when you do corporate, you are always the client's bitch--whether they have some completely unrealistic deadline for their merger or just need someone to take their frustrations out on.
In litigation clients don't bitch at you because the court or arbitration panel sets the deadlines, not the client.
+1.
If I hadn't come to the conclusion I'm leaving the field entirely, I would be working towards 5 years + waive in by motion to Texas.
Good for you, anon.
I may go back to AZ, where I'm from originally.
Of course, firms there don't pay the same rate as big markets, but cost of living more than makes up for that.
I hate how archaic the legal industry is.
If it wasn't run by a bunch of Luddite boomers we'd have a truly national bar exam by now.
Suck that it's so hard to move markets.
whats the girls name?
It'd be dope to be a doctor tho
You should laugh, it's pretty funny.
But not too hard.
In a few years you'll find yourself at a conference or something listening to a guy a talk about how he made $10M litigating tranny public school bathroom access in Oklahoma, and you'll remember this thread.