VTSMX has a rate of growth after taxes of 6.43% over 10 yearsMy student debt has an interest rate after taxes of 4.25% over 10 yearsTherefore, it would be entirely rational to invest money instead of paying off my student debt early.
A total market mutual index is fairly low risk.
In addition, it provides dividends which increase the value of the money.Right?
4353799This is a commonly debated question.
The answer for a robot is yes.
However, there is value in being debt free to a human.
Saves you the stress of thinking about it, and the time of dealing with it.
Same thing when you hold multiple debts.
It might be better to consolidate or pay off the smallest ones first even if those have the highest rates of interest.
In addition, your point is inductive reasoning.
You are very wise to believe the growth rate will be roughly 6.43%, but Kim Jong Un could nuke us tomorrow and it would plummet.
There is no guarantee.
Why do people care about dividends?
They're such a tiny return on investment.
recession hits right as your loans matureStop rationalizing something you know is unwise
low risk isn't the same as low volatility.
we could be in the middle of a market crash when the time comes to pay back the loan.otherwise 4.25% guaranteed is an extremely good deal looking for stability.
US bonds don't even hit 3%.
Putting together your post holistically, I still feel like I want to take on the risk and the burden of keeping debt.
If we got nuked, all bets are off, anyway.It's like the match of a 401k.
It's a small ROI, but it's not 0 and it might tip the scales in terms of ROI vs dissolution of debtKeep the loan longer>Market finds itself where it has after two world wars, the great depression, the modern recession, and every dip it's had inbetween>Fucking UPWARDStop trying to promote a lower level of public discourseThe loan is monthly and it's getting paid off at the same time as I invest.
This is a question of the cost of debt vs ROI on investment in paying off the debt early or using that disposable income to invest.
BTW, don't buy in now.
Unless you believe in buying high and selling low.
What I meant in that last post is that the money I would use to invest is not the same as the liquid I have available to pay off the debt.
They go up to 10% for things like REIT.
practically they're mostly for retirement, and tax shenanigans.
I'll keep that in mind.
Thank you, friendiendo
still unclear on what you mean, but that 4.25% is guaranteed when the 6% isn't.how much value you put on that risk is subjective but it's not the full 6.43%