What coins are still going to be around in 5 years and have real world, market functionality?
eth
Stellar Lumens
link
Not omgProbably zrx if eth hits btc levels
Monero will be #3 market cap screencap this
OMG / LISK / NEO / ETH / LINK
Maybe bitcoin, maybe ethereum, maybe monero, but quite possibly none of them.
Four years is an eternity in crypto.
Bitcoin is only eight years old.
NEO / ETH / XRP

BCH, ETH, DOGE
Why no link?
eth?????
?literally maybe just eth
Sure LINK could be too but first, the previously mentioned ones have to be the ones to stick around to make LINK work!
correct me if I'm wrong
BAT
BitBay will come out on top.
IOTA, XMR, ETH, BAT, LINK, LTC
Ethereum, Monero, Stellar Lumens
bitbean
ETP, IOTA, XLM, REQ, BTC
I'll never get over how this nigga saw some real shit and continued to function in the capacity he did.mittelwork was some ghastly business
None of them.
The banks have taken the block chain, and will use their own systems.
People like to keep their assets backed by something (my crypto can be hacked and never recovered, but if my bank gets hacked they have to indemnify the hacked withdrawal from account).
If people actually wanted decentralization, society would have never been formed.
The fact that 99.99% of people would choose to live in a society versus not living in one tells you just how little people value decentralized currency
435978743599154360335Can someone legitimately explain Ethereum to me in terms of it being viable in the future.I have very serious problems with comprehending how any CFO/CSO who doesn't have brain damage or is otherwise willfully trying to have the board fire him is going to ever to trust millions of dollars of company money onto a platform that has already had massive security problems resulting in $150,000,000 loses and the entire forking of the blockchain over it.
Like how can the coin ever function as a real world platform/currency if big corporations or anyone who does best practices/due diligence won't touch it with a 10 foot pole?I don't think the fact that it has a huge market share while we're in this bubble means anything long term as you aren't going to be able to build a viable currency off of white college students gambling with their beer money and Chinese speculative miners.
I'd claim the opposite has happened in the last few years, society is moving towards cutting out the middle man and reducing government influence for the benefit of the consumer.
Amazon cucked retail stores by allowing customers to get products direct from factory, Netflix cucked cable by cutting out the cable companies and allowing people more choice for less, Uber cucked taxis by providing the same service for cheaper, and so the big coins that will be around in 5 years will be ones aiming to do the same thing, such as Power Ledger cucking energy companies by allowing customers to trade excess solar power between each other
When talking about Nazis, they always use the term "slave labour" because it is extra cinematical.
In reality it was just forced labour.
Similarily, many German POWs had to do forced labour in the US and also in West Germany.
In Russia, millions and millions of people had to do forced labour, and millions died, but we never call that slave labour.
About 8 times as much people died in the Gulags then did in Germany under forced labour.
Yet allied forces had no trouble allying with Stalin.
Yet allied forces had no trouble allying with Stalin.Patton said, after the war, that "we fought with the wrong side" or something to that effect
4360996As we've said 1000 fucking times, ETH has never had any security problems.
People who program on ETH have created shitty smart contracts with security problems programmed into them and naive users have used these contracts on en masse.
ETH itself has no security issues and works exactly as intended.The problem is that developers using Ethereum are idiots, no different from any other coding language.
The language itself, Solidity, is not the problem.
Without a shadow of a doubt, Substratum.Substratum will have quite a few components.
The main one is decentralized web-hosting, which means instead of mining for the coin, you're letting people use your computer as a website host by using a one-click app that you can download to your phone/desktop/notebook.>Why is this big?
It means it will be impossible for your site to be taken down by anyone (bye bye DMCAs).
It means it will be impossible for your site to be censored by China, Iran or any other shithole.
It means that if you build an app using the Substratum network it won't be able to be banned by countries like Brazil did with WhatsApp a few times.
It also means net neutrality will NOT be a problem for sites hosted on the SUB Network.>How does this bring value to the SUB coin?People who lend their computers as webhosts will be paid in SUB and people who want to have their content hosted on the network must pay in SUB.
The Substratum website will also have an option to buy SUB for you from exchanges automatically (so normies don't have to go to exchanges), which will drive volume for the token up because normies will be buying SUB without even knowing what crypto is.>That's all?No, there's also a second component called CryptoPay, which will allow ANY site that runs on the Substratum Network to process cryptocurrency transactions using any publicly-traded coin.>Why is this huge?Basically PayPal for crypto where you can use any cryptocurrency.
Also easy to implement for people who want to use it.>That's all?No, they're also planning a video component, something akin to YouTube but not much details on that yet.>Wew.
That seems pretty ambitious.
Can they handle it?Yes.
Team is very experienced, with vets that have worked with Apple, American Express, Kodak, Disney, hp, Cardinal Health, NBA and more.>Why hasn't it mooned yet?Beta starts in December.
v1 is out in January.
y-yeah goyims b-buy sub pls
nice argument
You can't expect normies to understand that though.
Unless you have a very trusting board you are going to get absolutely fucking crucified if you ever brought Ethereum as a platform for trusting hundreds of millions of company dollars on.>So you're saying if there's a mistake we can't get our money back?>Wait, so ONE poorly written line of code and we could potentially have our funds drained out by a thief?>So this "blockchain" already has had "issues" with past projects used on it?>So the owner of this...
company?...
is a twiggy Russian Twitter junkie with HIV?
What are his credentials?I don't say this to be mean, but most of the people here are on some level autistic and research this stuff personally and might "get" that it's all fine now or how it could be used safely, but you can't project your own peculiarities with this kind of stuff onto others.
It's easy to talk about these smat contract platforms when none of your money is on the line and you've spent hundreds of hours on forums delving through all this stuff, but to every normal person if you asked them to trust staggering amounts of company money onto your magical digital bean platform you're going to be fired for being a reckless idiot.
I have a very serious problems with comprehending how any company would use trust using Windows when so much shitty software has been developed for it and so many viruses have been found.
Windows is a broken platform, the other day my grandmother downloaded Star.Wars.Episode.15.1080p.exe and her computer broke!This is how you sound.
Bad goy!
Goy = singularGoyim = plural
Another shitcoin ready to bump & dump.
I have very serious problems with comprehendingyes, this is obvious.
you also have a very serious problem with not realizing you're out of your league.
Perhaps you should look into paper assets.
newsflash: coins arent shitcoins because you say so or because you're holding heavy bags from a competitor.i will laugh at the pink wojaks in december & january
Well for starters most big corporations use Linux distros for servers and other resource consuming functions, not grandma's Windows 98 desktop computer.And even in that comparison the technology that was used in the early days of business-related computing was made by fucking International Business Machine (IBM) and AT&T's Bell Laboratories, both of which have existed since the late 1800's and were universally recognized as being trustworthy companies.>This is how you sound.Yeah I wouldn't expect a lot of intelligence out of an anime poster.
But hey maybe you and the Pets.comMarines can have fun and claim it's all going to rebound one day and that the whales are just accumulating after you lose everything.