Are there any bags heavier than Verge?
LINK
NMR
confido
powr
You should've dropped XVG ages ago.
It's a confirmed shitcoinThe fuck are you on about?
Pump was a day ago and it's stabilising perfectly
Confido
...Just doubled down on LINK today
Waiting for it to bleed down before buying powr.
Its very near ATH still
Sia coin.
Lost half of what I put there.
I honestly don't really know anything about Verge.
I were just swinging random coins and were slow on cutting losses.
In at 105
Mine, currently sat in a disabled bittrex account.Went all in on wraith protocol...
Looks like XVG is about to break the lesser downtrend.
You can expect to see a jump from ~60 to ~90.
If it's able to break the greater downtrend, expect the 150 range.
in case you're slow it these types of posts you will see when it's a good time to buy.heavy bags = buy now
i have two of the ultimate bags, Siacoin and Numeraire
Thanks for the chart my dude.
How do I these myself?
dgb
My 3k in confido is now worth 15 bucksfuck everyone
Ouch lulz
I got over 9K in Confido, I threw away the key to the bag and then KuCoin threw away the thrown away bag after that as well....
fucking wtc
did you buy .0001 or something?
comfy af with powr atm
I use Tradingview
tfw have both xvg and nmr bags
You newfags don't know bags until you've bought shit like DGB, POSW, and SIA
XVG is the shittiest of the shit coins on planet earth.
Wraithhidden IPCountdownHurricane Mad devs at marketing guySoon
Good Man
.5 million sia hereCan confirm that my hands are raw from all thes bags
You will never see Sia at those prices again.
It's dead anon.
Time to move on.
Not letting go until the next pump Sure, I bought in at 650 sats...but that was when btc was like 2kIf SIA pumps to 125 sats I'll still make a profit
sigts
ctrl-f digibyte resultsChrist, did digibyte crash so bad that it erased itself from everyone's memory?
WE
Oof I was going to say Tierion.
I lost over half my shit in that shitty node software launch and held for over a month (from 0.112 cents until .05cents) before finally selling at a loss.
But I just checked its value now and apparently it fucking mooned literally 2 days ago.
So fuck me I guess