what did he mean by this
Nothing token ICO when?
Niggers
Influential because you're a leader not because you have assets backing your mouth.
Well firstly remember he probably didn't maintain his fortune by interpreting glib quotes.Secondly, that same quote has variously been attributed to him and J.D.
Rockefeller.
So it's probably spuriousIt's commonly used to give cachet to complicated tax, trusts, and off-shore arrangements where you "control" over companies and properties but don't "own" them.
Think of Donald Trump in the 80's when a few of his companies went Bankrupt, he owned next to nothing - it was all on credit - but he controlled the properties and companies, it was his name and cachet that gave them value.Another example was Bernie Ecclestone's tenure as CEO of FOM (Formula One Management), which last year was sold (actually a stock swap) for somewhere around 8 BILLION to John Malone's Liberty Media.
FOM simply had a contract with the sporting body, the FIA, who actually made the rules and ran the races for the TV rights for 99 years and separately have a deal to negotiate collectively on the competitor's behalf deals with the racetrack promoters.
In other words, he owned nothing, but for something like 20 years he ran the show.
Even after he sold off something like 90% of FOM to CVC Capital Partners, his "Executive Report" the first year to CVC consisted of nothing more than a single page fax that read>Nothing unusual to reportFor a further 10 years, he continued to negotiate such things as Putin's prized race in Sochi, and television Territory rights contracts with Rupert Murdoch that ran into the hundreds of millions each.
what coin is this


Allright fine, since it seems like an interesting topic and I'd like some discussion from people other than ADHD goldfish brains like yourselfTL;DR - Tax Avoidance and "Use Other People's Money"
So it’s like what we’re doing with crypto, first invest with their foot in the door wins the race
Investor*
No, what?
No.
Not at all.
Because you still own that crypto, that's your own money, you're still liable for the Capital Gains Tax should you cash it out.Where the hell did you glean it's about being "first"?
Link....?
first to buy Link wins!!
!