Request or Chainlink?
Who wins out of these two meme cryptos?
matter of months : REQ 3monthsLink 6 months That's how I see it
REQ hasn't mooned yet, so i say REQ
they aren't competition they are symbiotic
REQ in December, LINK early-mid 2018
it went from 400 to 1000 sats, not moon?
kek, it hit a little over 40 million marketcap as well which is usually the wall new tokens hit at
sure thing anon
thisright?
4328841What is REQ?
I've been trying to get into all of this shit
Moonshot coin.
High risk, high reward.Only invest what you actually willingly to lose.
High risk, high rewardEveryone on this board investing all their life savings and house into it when there's safer coins out there.
-.-*THINKING*
Pump n long hold about to happen , less than 15 minutes away.
Get into the discord to get the signals https://discord.gg/DSd77v
Isn't y combinator on this?
yessir.
30m mcap is criminal
What's your pet coin?
YC business tactics are EXTREMELY aggressive.
YC doesnt fuck around with their startups.
They will push Request down the throats of the normies in Silicon Valley and they will use it like addicts.
They made Airbnb, Dropbox, Twitch etc mainstream and they will make Request into Venmo/PayPal 2.0
beta is out soonhopefully it'll move us to the 50m-100m tier
this copy pasta again
I have none...But bitcoin if I had to choose.
I hold biz beloved coins in the past then flipped them back to btc everytime, I then watched them go down ahahaha.
In truth I don't care about any coin but bitcoin.
nonymous (ID: 3co/E5wD) 11/13/17(Mon)00:57:46 No.4329572▶4329513>YC business tactics are EXTREMELY aggressive.
YC doesnt fuck around with their startups.
They will push Request down the throats of the normies in Silicon Valley and they will use it like addicts.
They made Airbnb, Dropbox, Twitch etc mainstream and they will make Request into Venmo/PayPal 2.0YC business tactics are EXTREMELY aggressive.
YC doesnt fuck around with their startups.
They will push Request down the throats of the normies in Silicon Valley and they will use it like addicts.
They made Airbnb, Dropbox, Twitch etc mainstream and they will make Request into Venmo/PayPal 2.0YC business tactics are EXTREMELY aggressive.
YC doesnt fuck around with their startups.
They will push Request down the throats of the normies in Silicon Valley and they will use it like addicts.
They made Airbnb, Dropbox, Twitch etc mainstream and they will make Request into Venmo/PayPal 2.0
Request hasnt mooned yet.Chainlink has pnd'd frequently, with non-emotionally attached people taking clear advantage of the people whoare emotionally attached to their coin.
It'll stay stay this way for another 6 months.
Most probabaly got caught bag holding, then realised theyll look into the tech, andnow shill relentlessly.REQ has great update communication (for hype and price specualtion) and hasnt mooned above ICO yet.I hold neither, I traded LINK 3 times during pumps, and REQ once like a day ago from 760 to 840.Theres an oopurtunity cost waiting for shitcoins to moon though, so dont go all in.>Inb4 Linkies come tear my head off
can confir,.m was raped by YC five minutes ago
No contest, REQ winsLINK is a memecoin
It only just hit above ICO.
Compare it to Chainlinks history dumbass..
Neither of these icos are close to delivering a product while you idiots miss moon after moon
Request simply won't succeed without chainlink.
How else will they get desired real world inputs and outputs to the blockchain?
Request is just a business model of many to come built on chainlink technology and the abilities it brings to the blockchain space.
Personally I don't see request succeeding when an existing off-chain payments provider can simply integrate LINK and be a more established, experienced competitor to REQ
How about stop comparing request to other coins?I don't give a shit about chainlink or any other, I'm talking about request in general.
Its marketcap hit over 40 million, thats where generally released ico hit or maybe 60 million if it gets hyped a bit.
Request is now at 30 million which is where these new coins usually settle, look at MOD, SUB and many other new tokens on the market, they moon then settle down.
It doesn't matter if request haesn't gone above ICO a lot like chainlink did, request initially had a marketcap in their ico of $33,600,000, that medium sized for an ICO.
>from the futurethis is the request chart for the next 6 months
% of YC start ups don't go over 40Mhttps://twitter.com/paulg/status/338805881972080641
Pet coin?If you criticize share your choice.
thats massivly outdated
i see you like to compare apple with oranges
ok but in this case youre combining YC with a space (crypto) that is filled with overinflated market caps.
I'd say thats a pretty good recipe
comparing actual real world market caps with bullshit funny money market caps
I'd go with chinklink if I were you, anon.
https://docs.google.com/document/d/168GRr4WmmTCAMMkyE-3UfoWWOXj2Ccr0n5S0jfYdiLU/editThe REQ research paper that gets shilled on 4chan/reddit
REQ runs off of LINK.
Your Fud contradicts itself.
this is CNN-grade fake news
I have half a btc on both.
Just hope I can hodl long enough this time
Have they set a specific date?
Did you actually read the request update on Friday?
Reqqies can't read, silly