Okay but guys honestly, the one that that /actually/ needs to change is the whole lambo meme.
Seriously, unlike constant shitcoins, the stats for this kind of thing are very easy to compare....
Tesla is bankrupt in 10-15years, why the fck would i buy car from them
Lol
are you literally fucking retarded?
>statsbugman detectedneck yourself or we will squash you
 Hackable car which constantly monitors you.Nah, you're just a simpleton.
If you like electric cars you could at least give the new Jaguar its due.
the new jag is sweet, though.
and all new gasoline cars are hackable too, senpai.
they also track you.
not sure what youre getting at.
4510639You have no idea about their financial situation, do you?
This shit is more overvalued than shitcoins in crypto.
holy shit hes actually retarded
Well for starters it knows when you had a potential accident and contacts you straight away.
They can also deactivate your car remotely which is starting to become John deere kind of jewery.Also fuck them for artificially limiting the mileage of their cars unless you'll pay 10k more.
what?
overvalued?
theyre bringing important products to people that have more money than you.
stay salty boy.
https://www.google.at/url?sa=t&source=web&rct=j&url=https://www.theverge.com/platform/amp/2017/11/1/16593582/tesla-model-3-production-q3-largest-quarterly-loss&ved=0ahUKEwir09Obn9PXAhWIWBoKHYfZDisQFghEMAg&usg=AOvVaw3RfDeKpVKkZ-IMOfp-diUU&ampcf=1Just a little teaser for fanboys like you.
>Omg he is actually retarded
I can't wait for the new Tesla big thing...
But it sucks to be poor.
fucking idiot doesn't know how giant businesses workIt's called accrue debt to launch a product into the stratosphere against all odds you fucking retard
Terzo is an electric Lambo
Directed by Michael Bay
"Important" products?
Electro Cars?
How is the energy produced?
Check out Konstantinos Boulouchous, he is Professor in Zürich and explains why electro cars are a joke, when you understand how energy is produced right now.And what else is Tesla doing?
Oh yeah getting millions of subsidies and wasting it like shit.
Im an engineer faggotWho gives a shit that every powerhouse is a big boiler.
Electric cars need to maintenance.
They already have industrial uses.
In Syberia trucks have electric motors.
Tesla's dragged us into electric cars, and SpaceX is dragging us back to the stars.
I'm okay with thisAlso the Model X is super comfy to drive
soyboys unironically want a 4000 lbs spyware-ridden toy
being nissanscum
and how fast can the soiboi machine go around the ring in?
Less than the 10 year old GTR you say?
motoring as a hobby>electric carsPick one idiots.
Not everything needs to be changed now that the financial system is revolutionized.
Slower than my mazda
my dream is a toyota corolla, fuck lambos i'm not a poser
Stop posting this nerd car.
It's Lambo or nothing.
It's the definition of wealth and excess.
It burns ancient dinosaur blood, is draped in baby cow skins, and produces a glorious noise.
Got myself a 98 this year.
I feel so damn good about it.
It's comfy as a blanket.
not understanding that nissan is the best of all ricers.
Even if there were in 15 years (which they won't be) then that Roadster 2 is going to be worth even more and would make an incredible investment.
As a poorfag, I'd be ok with a GT86 or a cute MX-5.
Haha...ha...ha250 top speed, 0-60 in 1.9
Biz wants a lambo because its badge is literally a bull
"Important" products?
Electro Cars?
How is the energy produced?Primarily from domestic coal and natural gas instead of oil from a bunch of sandniggers.
Going fast in a straight line means nothing.
The Ring is the only metric for car performance that matters.
Cosworth GT86, all I'm saying
Why supercharger over turbo?