OK biz before i start I'm going to assure you guys that I am not LARPing and I'm really confused right now whether i'm deluded and I need an honest opinion.So basically back in July I met a really hot hooker, we hit it off and the topic went to what I do for work.
I told her i trade Bitcoin and we went our separate ways.
A few days after she kept texting me which is normal for a hooker but I was really busy.
She saw the digits in my blockfolio so i think she saw my power level.After the july dip, BTC pumped to a new all time high and she started texting me again out of the blue even after a month of no contact.
I was totally sketched out because maybe she's trying to rob me because there is no way she texted right after news outlets were reporting about the new ATH.
So i was really paranoid that she is trying to rob me.
I gave out an excuse that I was busy even though I was no longer busy then.
We didnt text for at least 2 months after.
Now suddenly just a few minutes ago she texted me out of the blue.
I understand that Bitcoin isnt at its ATH anymore but it is still higher compared to the last time we texted.
I really want to fuck this girl again because shes so hot and the forbidden fruit tastes better.
So give it to me straight biz, is she fucking trying to rob me or am I deluded and too paranoid about this?
This isnt a street hooker btw, I met her in one of those gentlemen clubs in my country where prostitution is illegal.
cum inside and marry her
gold diggin' here
if she was just a gold digger sure thats fine i'll pump and dump her but im worried that someone is trying to fucking torture and rob me of my coins.
how likely is this?
because i want to tap her so bad again.
How is she gonna steal your crypto?
Do you shout out the passphrase to your Trezor when you cum?
dude buy XBC and your problems are solved
find another hooker anon, dont risk it
No dude, i might get kidnapped, tortured, and forced to send my bitcoin.
I met her in one of those gentlemen club and prostitution is illegal in my country.
So its possible that the big boss or somethin will try to rob me of my coins which is large but not "made it" large.
ThisDo it faggot
why do people keep 'seeing blockfolio' of anons who are neither larping or retarded?
Tell me, is she going to bruteforce your wallet password while you take a shit?
"How likely" that is depends on what country you're in.
In burgerland it is not likely.
I showed off ok..... i showed off happy now biz?
Its not large that time, probably 150k to 200k usd
look at XBC it will solve all your problems
uhhh how bout if its the Philippines...... is it bad?
im a local btw and i think the girl is half chinese or something
4336913well fuck that amount sounds large to me.
Yes I would steer clear based on that.I would do bad things for $150k, I'm sure others would too.
Take it as a lesson learned.
half chinesefound the golddigger
Well you met her so you’re the only possible judge of her character.Most likely a gold digger because how can she even take your btc when you can say it’s online (like the dumb bitch knows what it’s like)She probably saw the news and remembered you so want some honey from that jar.Now friend treat me a bit so i can pay a hooker.
I’ll enter raw i swear to god.
1KKcFeLdUA49gsacV1iZxWBjzjomR4Gb4W
why would you show off winning the lotto to a woman who literally fell for the kneepad meme?
delet blockfolio if you can't help yourself, nothing good can ever come from this with anyone.
highly possible she is just trying to recruit a repeat client, this would not be standard procedure, also she may try to steal your internet money which may be standard in your country i dont know.
i would sever contact and not fuck up like this again.
Either she wants your business, hookers like rich customers, or she's planning on robbing you.
Get another hooker and don't show off again
Philippinesjesus fucking christ anon.
Dont take the chance.
Whores swiping and emptying credit cards while dudes are on the toilet is considered normal business.
Go find some other broads.
She was pretty friendly overall which is why I'm asking if im deluded and am too paranoid about everything.
But the fucking topic in her random texts always ended up about Bitcoin, even though it also goes to other topics.
Its understandable though since we only talked about what I do, whats my age, etc.
Bring a cyanide cap with you and laugh maniacally as you take it if they try to kidnap you.
IT'S
this has nothing to do with bitcoin.
she just needs more money.
Yeah dude get the fuck out of the country thenThose filthy rats will kill for 20k let alone 200k
stop thinking with your dick, fucking idiot.
If she is that smart too even know what crypto is, think about what she can do with your wealth, she might suggest a condom and get herself pregnant and refuse to abort.
And all your BTC, BCH and LINK bags will go to her
Is it really that bad here?
I never have been to the wrong parts of the country my whole life so i cant tell.
THE
It's like this  anon says.
You fucked up by showing her your net worth.
You shouldn't do that, even to your girlfriend.
And i bet there are 10 better looking hookers out there.
So, lesson learned, ditch her.
You're 100% going to get robbed.
43369724336973NUTSHACK
You're overcomplicating this anon.
Just call the police and either ask for advice or ask for them to be present next time you meet her.
Have them set up a van outside with surveillance inside the room.
Also make sure you explain to the police you're trying to protect your bitcoin profits so they understand the importance.
It's the phillipines he gets shot when he calls the cops
Buy a gun, or some form of protection.
Don’t let anyone kidnap you.
And make it known you see her patterns and question it.
If you want .
She works at the gentlemen's club though with a lot of fucking hot girls.
The other hooker places in my country are full of women that are ugly as fuck.
This gentlemen's club has all the top tier bitches aside from the ones hanging out in the casinos.
So i have to avoid going to that club in certain times when I guess she'll be there during her shift.
I've been avoiding that gentlemen's club for quite a while but goddamn the bitches there are top tier.Not sure if she still works there but if we meet while im hanging out in that place it will be so fucking awkward.
it sounds like an ideal place for being captured and extorted so i've never visited
its the philippines not america anon
>shows off to hookerdon't fall for it faggot
Also this may help, I'm actually quite young compared to the other customers in that place.
And most of the people there are foreigners from different countries, some of them wear luxury watches and shit and they dont get robbed.
They normally spend like $300 to $500 and upwards per visit.Does this change anything in my situation?
In the country the police will kill you on the suspicion that you use drugs?
Btc and crypto still have the connotation of internet drug money, so stay away from police AND hookers
Philippines?
You'll get murdered son.
Serves you right for bragging.
No that makes it worse.
You've established to her you are a naive nouveau riche type, the ideal person to get scammed or killed.
Be careful dude
SeeDeliver pics and timestampOr GTFO
always fucking stay away from police
I'm not LARPing dude I'm 100% serious about this.
I'm not LARPing either faggot I'm 100% now deliver creampie and marriage certificate with timestamp or you're a pussy
Chinese people are scammers.
I've lived in China for a year.
Scamming in various way is extremely common.
stay outwhy would you even want to fuck a chinese person.
thats the last thing i want to after living there.
they're disgusting
I've also swiped my debit and credit cards in that place and I didnt get robbed or had my ATM funds stolen even after a long time.... uhhh does this make it any better?
Tell her that ur busy trying to make ur money back since u lost all on bch pump&dump.
If she is still interested >Cum inside
See
dude it's your life, if you want to take unnessesary risks, that for you to decide.
But head my advice, stay away from that club, never show off your wealth, stay away from criminal types, especially if you live in a place where police will kill you without thinking twice.good luck with whatever you decide to do
WrongFuckI bet you bought BCC at .5Chads do this 
chad =/= moron
Should I even reply and tell her Im busy?
I cant change my SIM card that easily since its tied to my 2 factor authentication for several accounts.
The virgin run v. the Chad cum n' marriageWhich will you choose OP?
nigga it's only a woman, there's 4 billion more where she came from.
don't risk your future for a roasty
using memes to potentially get this guy tortured and robbednice
Sorry snowflake but not everyone is a beta who gets caught some of us cum inside and get marriages in the Nutshack but I wouldn't expect a beta boy like you to get it
well the OP arguably came to the wrong place for honest and mature advice
Dude im a risk taker i dont use condoms whenever i have sex and i t-tr-trade crypto but this shit is freaking me out.
wifing a chinese whore>alphachoose one
This gentlemens club has all the top tier girls so its not just one girl im ditching, its all the hot girls in that place.
It would be an easy decision if it meant ditching only one hot girl, but this place probably has most of the hottie supply here aside from the casinos.
san banda yang lugar?
hindi ako pamilyar sa gentleman's club o ano dito satin eh pero kung nasa Makati naman yan banda mas safe kesa sa probinsya o kung saang shithole dito.
Nakakatakot na puros bitcoin kamo ung bukambibig nung babae tho.
Kung medyo dalaga lang siguro gusto ka lang patulan, gold digger nga.
hindi naman mga big time dinadali/kinikidnap/torture dito e :) tanga tanga mo na nagyabang ka tho lmfao
4337202
you just keep justifying this stupid risk you want to take for yourself, no one is going to talk it out of your mind anymore it seems like.
Have fun getting robbed and shot my man
kamusta pare, dun sya sa may airforce one.
dun lang ako comfortable eh ung ibang lugar medyo sketchy.
Deliver pics OP when you go or you're a faggetif you get caught up in something play it cool you'll learn from it and it will build character
Dude, just stop worrying and stop texting her back.
tangina parang pamilyar ung pagpost mo, ikaw nanaman ung papatayin dapat magulang noh?
si boy 50k LINK 100k REQ?
hindi ko na maseryoso mga post mo parang puros larp HAHAHA.
anyway kung hindi man ikaw un, feel ko talaga gusto ka lang pakaperahan, oa ng kidnap shit mo pre.
hindi naman yun normal dito satin.
greedy lang yun kung pamilyar sya sa bitcoin, pinakita mo pa lalo pera mo.
hindi normal sa mga may pera at least.
ingat nalang tho since baka may ganyang raket pala sa mga high end na prostihan :)) pero yun nga, malabo.
ewan ko kung sheltered ka o ano pero kadalasan sa mga mahihirap lang yang ganyan e mukhang may pera ka naman
Not me pare hahaha baka ibang siraulong pinoy un
Tell her you traded in all your BTC for BCC.Not even robbers will want those bags.
>lanai masterrace
Whats a lanai?
kek
girl
OP , if you want to fuck her so bad , meet up in a crowded hotel room so you cant get kidnapped,dont meet where she says
The place is crowded with a lot of customers.
Does that count?
Or should i not trust everyone in that place?
I'm actually probably a poorfag compared to most of the people in that place.
thats a good plan, if u say those people are richer than you ,just dont give her time of preparation like text her to meet in like 4 hours at the hotel
cry on text that you dont have money anymore to pay her cause you lost everything on LINKshe will believe you
I guess the best option is to still visit that place but not contact the girl anymore.
If ever she sees me I'll just say i changed my number.
That way she doesnt have the prep time to plan on robbing me just in case she actually does plan to rob me.
Then i'll nut and go home quickly.
>I cant change my SIM card that easily since its tied to my 2 factor authentication for several accounts.So you got money to spend on whores who want to rob/kill/extort you, but buying a second cell phone is just out of reach?
Lol i never hold altcoins, im actually emotionally attached to BTC because its whats caused me to amass the money i have now.
Which why i was so triggered by the whole BTC / BCash flippening mess thats going on.
>visit that placeWhat's so special about that particular whorehouse that a different one wouldn't have?
Its too much of a burden to change my 2 factor authentication SIM for every single account: bank accounts, social media accounts, etc.
kek
you are not paranoid at alldon't tell anyoneoneit was a mistake
Its the cleanest and tightest place around aside from the casinos that I know of.
The place is actually the only prostitution place that is registered as a corporation in my country.
I believe they registered it as a corporation so that when businessmen swipe their cards their wives wont get sketched out that its a shady place.
>Its too much of a burden to change my 2 factor authentication SIM for every single account: bank accounts, social media accounts, etc.So get a different phone just for whoring around.
Also that whore definitely has dollar signs in her eyes.
There is no way that this will end well for you.
The only question is the degree to which you'll be getting screwed.
My phone has a dual sim so i normally use one sim for whoring and one sim for personal stuff.
We met before I started using the system so she knows my personal sim.I dont normally use this system with discipline because its such a burden to buy prepaid load for both sim cards.
half chinese"She" is going to rob you mate, be careful
Ok thanks my fellow anons.
I will just chill in my room today.
This is way too risky and I will not FOMO into pussy.
I might go back to the place after a few months, hopefully she is no longer working there by that time because they rarely do.
I wonder if he will post pink wojaks in two weeks when he got robbed kek
I wont text her back or go to back to that place for a while.
I'll only check it out after a few months.
By that time i think she will no longer be working there.
good luck, i'm happy you're being smart about this.
It's not worth risking your future and money for a whore
Thanks anon lol im glad majority of the people who replied were rational, aside from the guy that wanted me to creampie her.
If i was drinking and deciding on this alone, i would probably have met with her tonight.
If you are in the Philippines and have that much money you are pretty much God tier status.
You are the 1% so you can go to any bar or club and pick up any slutty brownie chick you want and bang her senseless!
And never show off your money, people get robbed and killed all the fucking time there, you should already know this.
Fuck man, find a nice azn qt and let her service you at home everyday and cook and clean for you.
I think they call that dating, idk... but it's been working for me and I'm just middle class.
this op 
what kind of faggot post is this.how about you use your unlimited neetbux to stop being a manlet so if you get robbed you can btfo robbers and btfo hooker
Where do you live btw?
That club sounds comfy and I'd love to find one in France, altough I'm sure it exists
well by then your blockfolio wallet will reflect you lost everything in the BCH scam ok anon.
stay safe /biz
honestly you're about to lose everything with such mindset
bahahahahah you da man
ABORT ABORTShe wants to transfer your btc to bchDon't do it op, don't fall for chink tricks