
Doesn't make too much sense desu
it's called profitability, read a book for once
Who the fuck sells this low ???
Now it's 4%, who cares about fluctuations like this desu?
Miners can switch to BCH, the difficulty will switch quicker, so they won't be mining at a loss.
you do realize miners are manipulating the fuck out of this, right?
whether you're in BCH or BTC, you're along for the ride, goyim.
It's basically a hack.
HmmWasn't this the difficulty change that was gonna murder BTC?
Reversing trend in Korea now.
Might be pumping.
Used bithumb to swing trade on bittrex last night and it correlated well.
If many miners switch to it, then difficulty is too high and not profitable any moreIn the end a small percentage will mine BCH constantly, but it will probably just be bitmain holding the coin together
How does the new DAA adjust difficulty down?
Is it faster or slower?
chinks are pumping this tonight beware
Yep pump confirmed.
Guess I'll be swing trading again tonight!
gg
Look at the hashrate
every single block.right now it's 1.03x more profitable to mine BTC.every block it will change, but both chains will get a block each 10 minute probably.
This is a good way to test if price follows hashrate.
hashrate follows price.Price is only affected by hashrate when blocks aren't found at the right time
So miners can attack Bitcoin by switching hashrate to BCH, BTC can't find blocks, price relative to BTC rises, so they can switch more hashrate.......I hope not but that's what I'm guessing.
Both are 1.00 profitbable, wtf now?
RIP BTC
Well if it works they'll just have to come up with something.
To fuck with triggering people.
Will to Hashrate is the rule of the game now.
This organised larping is getting out of control
Average blocks per hour - should be 6.
BCH averaging 8 per hour over 3 hours, 4.5 per hour over 6, which means it's overshooting, which means despite equal profitability they're getting the hashrate.
Hashrate pre and post-fork.
fork.lol isn't hugely accurate for this supposedly
forgot image
Granted I'm a schizo and i'm off my meds so my analysis might be bad, but I see this as a potential for miners to fuck over BTC without costing them too much in terms of opportunity.