confido moon mission has startedget in or stay poor
I'm already in.
Lets go.
This is my favourite buy of the year.
So glad I took the day off work so I could partake in the ICO.
I thought I didn't get in the ICO, turns out I did and it got buried in my emails.
Forever hate myself.
I still don';t think it's too late to get on this moon mission, I can see this reaching $10+ easy.
If confido blows the fuck up, were looking at possible 50x gains still here.
I'm an idiot for not maxing out my entry funds
Marketcap is still only $7.4mil.
I think another x5-x10 from here is reasonable short term
i fucked up the ico too but managed to buy on ED at 37 cents and then bought some more when it dip'd at 50 cents.
we are gonna make it anways anon this still has a lot of room to grow imo
I forgot about it because my gf broke up with me the day before and I got fucked up drunk.
Woke up hangover and saw that the ico was over 2 hours ago.I feel dead inside, had all the details prepared on my deskstop when I checked the clock on my pc.
My life is over this was my chance.
Can someone explain This to me?
were going to be richmy 2 eth investment is now worth around 40 eth soon to be 100 eth
Do you have a target to sell at or are you holding longer for those dividends?
WTF!!!!!
stronger hands than me, only 3800 left of my ico stack.
Holding these till jupiter
Did you not read any of the confido threads here over the past month?
This was a guaranteed moon.
buy this now if ur a dumb bitch.
salty af
This coin is single handidly saving me from the Bitcoin apocalypse
Am I interpreting this right in taking it literally?
When you say x5, you mean 500% increase right?
If so, I'm not convinced.
I'm in CFD right now, but I think this is a pretty shit product.
If it doesn't get pumped by FOMO to hell and back then it is only reaching x2.
Volume is high on delta, but relatively uniform across the rise.
Looks like the same people who have been shuffling for the dip are buying the rise, it seems like to go to x5 or x10 it would need a big volume increase.
Or am I just a newb that knows nothing about analyzing prices?
Yeah you're dumb.
Modum reached a 30-40 million market cap with just 2 million volume, 7 million is nothing.
Most of the trade volume is still on EtherDelta.
That should tell you everything.
More volume will come with bigger exchanges.>I think this is a pretty shit product.I disagree.
Its a good idea with first mover and had a very good and fair ICO that nobody can say a bad word about, and it will pay dividends.
have you checked the volumes recently?surprise waiting for you from the kucshed
Just checked, kucoin now has 57% of the volume.
HitBTC - you heard it here first.
One of many exchanges to come