For those of you saying to HODL BTC.
Why?
Whats to prevent whales pulling a drain plug on BTC once they see it reach a number they see as being high enough?
Then you wake up and see that while you were asleep it crashed from $7k to $4k, $3, $2k, or even lower.
It could crash even below $1000.
All it would take is one huge crash to trigger a chain reaction of mass selling.>but X time ago BTC was X and people said it wouldn't go upPlease avoid using this argument.
Every $1K bitcoin goes up, it struggles harder and harder to do so.
There is not infinite wealth in the world.
I don't know if this means there is a bubble----but there is a limited amount of wealth in the world, so its only possible for BTC to reach a certain point before it will struggle very, very hard to go up at all.
i hold it for the political statement as much as anything else.
fiat is shit.
crypto is the future.
etc.
Man be careful with the imgs you use lol
Stop trolling and fuding.
You faggots lost.
Deal with it.
I'm a BTC holder.
I made this thread to play the devil's advocate and hope that someone will give me a sense of sanity to stop worrying about BTC dropping dead randomly one night.
Yeah, we all agreed to raid biz tonight to fud bitcoin.
That image you used there sure looks like you are insinuating Bitcoin is going up.
Fucking Scam trolls IQ.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAH!!!!!!!
* breathes in * AHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAH!!!!!!!!!
There is a limited amount of wealth in the world, but there's still so much of it that the amount currently in bitcoins is insignificant.
You are all missing the point of my post.
What's there to ensure that bitcoin will NOT suddenly drop thousands one night?
This is something that worries me as a BTC holder.
I have spent 0 cents on shitcoins (AKA altcoins)
Read " to play Strawman".
Kek.
Straw man fud is old, moldy, and tiresome.
Please be creative.
wow u better sell
Uh.... how long have you been in crypto exactly?
Limited wealth in the world?
No shit, but do you realize how much of that is in crypto, vs how much money there is in the world?
This is barely a drop in the bucket.
And have you not looked at the chart for btc this year?
Where is this struggle you speak of?
There's still a lot of room for growth in my opinion, 25k a coin by this time next year isn't that far out of reach.
Just look at today, it bounced off of 7000 and is holding steady in the mid 7000's.
Could it drop lower?
Of course but we'll have to wait overnight to see.
That's what stop losses are for.
I just know that with today's swings, I increased my btc stack by .15, so I'm pretty happy.
I know in the loop get run it'll continue to go up.
I'm not trying to get people to avoid buying bitcoin.
If you can answer the question I am asking with a positive answer, the answer will build confidence in bitcoin and attract more buyers.
How is that FUD?
You are literally a brainlet.
It's going to crash eventually.
Last time it crashed to it's previous ATH so this crash should get near ~$1200.
Before you say it's not possible because Bitcoin is da revolution 4 realz this time, just remember whales don't care.
They're in it to only make money from the krill who make up these markets.
Here's the chart.
This.
Bitcoin is going to be worth triple what its worth right now in a few years.
some of us want to keep the price suppressed for as long as possible please :^)
OK.
Here is your answer, Fucktard.
You think I just fell off the turnip wagon?
Gaslighting sack of shit.
Off yourself.
Also it's NOT struggling to go up harder with each 1000 milestone.
Did you even look at a long term chart?
The rise has been speeding up.
It took a week to go from 6000 to 7000.
It took months to go up a thousand when it was around 1000-3000.
For those of you saying to HODL gold.
Why?
Whats to prevent whales pulling a drain plug on gold once they see it reach a number they see as being high enough?
Then you wake up and see that while you were asleep it crashed from $7k to $4k, $3, $2k, or even lower.
It could crash even below $1000.
All it would take is one huge crash to trigger a chain reaction of mass selling.
Whats to prevent whales pulling a drain plug on BTC once they see it reach a number they see as being high enough?
Are you really so stupid to think there is something called "high enough"?
Thinking too small anon.
what does this chart show?