http://rmbtheory.com/china-allowing-icos-neo/
HOLY SHIT, BUY NEO GOGOGOGOGOGOGO!!!!!!
"NEO is China's chosen one."
glad i hodledjust hope the infinite tether printer doesn't ruin our moon mission.
If it truly becomes a Chinese state sponsored blockchain, you will want to buy GAS!
August PBC newsletter predicted that because GAS has a current supply of only 14 million, if NEO becomes a state sponsored blockchain, GAS could be worth $300 in the near future.
you cannot honestly think btc is manipulated upwards and at the same time think alt rallies are completely natural
This article is way too optimistic.
The idea the Chinese government monopolising ICOs in China spells huge profits for current holders but ponder on this:>We have barely touched the surface of blockchain technology>Allowing only Neo to host ICOs in China would be betting that Neo is never going to be surpassed by other potential projects>China isn't stupidNeo will be the MySpace (when it was popular) of open source Chinese platforms, but what's to say that the Facebook of open source Chinese platforms doesn't happen?
Dump soonhttps://trends.google.com/trends/explore?q=NEO%20blockchain%20explorer
Most alts aren't traded in USDT trading pairs.
are you fucking stupidthey are traded in BTC.
and you think btc is manipulated.
Think just ONE step further.
calling NEO myspacekys
ARE YOU KIDDING ME FAGGOT?
NEO IS THE ONLY TRUE CONTENDER IN CHINA
China is like 90 percent of crypto market bahhaha.
If this news is true..........fughetaboutit.
1000 dollars each easy.
It doesn't matter if the rest of the world uses a superior blockchain to NEO as China is heavily regulated and forces users to use China based platforms, just look at Alibaba the china version of Amazon, chinese facebook, etc.
The only thing you are right about is the article being too optimistic.
The website seems like propaganda desu
Yes, because MySpace was actually popular and welcomed at one stage?
Read what I wrote, I made it clear for emotional investors who get piss mad over their lunch money investments.
Don't be angry, do some research.
There are actually a lot of blockchain projects in China which are more talked about amongst the Chinese.Yes, and given China's sheer population and the increasing number of blockchain projects being started over there, how can you say for sure that a domestic project won't exceed Neo?
You can't.
I wish I could read chink so I could find actual news and information instead of waiting on some shitty western journalist to 'translate' and take stuff out of context
What other Chinese blockchain platforms are there?I can only think of Asch.Was Walton moving away from being an ERC20?