linKies getting justed so hard.
I have got insider information and would advise u to sell.
link will go down to 0.01. sergey has got 300 million links and will start steadily dumping them.
he already made enough money.
screencap this.
I have got insider informationNice LARP
screencapped.Bye bye linkies :3It was fun!
Someone who worked for 8 years with this shit isnt gonna settle now, LINK is his vision.
We're going to the moonAlso, >insider information is always a clear sign of retarded fud
Huge if true
I have got insider information that your a cuck.also, all alts are down atm u faggot.
True if big
just wait and see.
we are still in the mania phase it will go down a Lot lower.sergey is a fraud and currently on vacation in thailand.
He doesnt care about this project anymore.
why should he?
He is loaded.
i mean, he already cashed out millions on ICO, and will cash out even more millions when he sells the other 400million link he has.
all he has to do is keep up the illusion of development for a few more months before dumping on u idiots, that will be the final nail in the coffin for linkies.
one bump.
I care about biz a lot.
Why are people fudding when the price is low?
I get that you wanna scoop up some more LINK before the moon but a few weak handed bizzies isnt gonna dump the price lower....
man dont bother anymore with Linkies.
They've been repeatedly told their shittoken is a scam.
I personally was warning them at 11k.
Told them to sell at 10k, 9k, 8k, 7k etc etc.They've been memed too damn hard, and the fud just adds to the fire.
Let them experience what digimarines did, they will know true pain
you can't put a price on tasting those sweet tears
It’s not fud at this point.
Folks lost 80% on this shitcoin
cause we want your btc doing something useful instead of slowly bleeding out on LINK.
If you're making $ off the swings then good for ya, but it wont last long
this same thing happened with DGB, SGT, ZRX, DNT, so many coins.
we aren't fudding, when will you realize you made a mistake and move on?
this guy gets it.
this is no fud.
there will be no working product.
do u think an honest person who cares about his project would reserve !!!!
300 !!!!
million links for himself.
deluded
who's ass is that
Steph Claire Smith.
#4CHNallday..
Newfags who a) don't understand LINK, b) never heard of devs reserving tokens (look at ans) c) never experienced a dip befor, d) are playing with so little money that they need to constantly try to flip shit coins to get out of poor tier status.
LINK will recover with the rest of the top tier alts soon.
I read so much fud written by anons who don’t even understand what chainlink is.
So now stop shilling or fudding this unless you really understand it.
Biz is not the same since this sommer let us make it grait again
And you fucking street shiter go outside make something with your pathetic life.
Like building toilets you actually use
poo coloured eyes2/10 would not bang.
you can live rent free in your head
I actually continue buying more LINK.
Already surpassed 30k and plan to buy more today.People flip their shit because of a dip and they don't realize this is one of the important tokens to hold.
Actually every LINK you buy under a dollar is already as good as worth a fortune.
There already is a working product you pajeet and the links not in circulation are reserved for node operators
I feel sorry for you guys.. oh wait, I dont.