Buy more or sell all?
quit shilling this on biz trust me you dont want these autists to buy this.
buy hold sage
Unless an exchange announcement comes up, it's going to trickle bleed until the next project update.
Also, bitcoin is going down right now which could lead to a bear market if things get bad.
That's not really what Req has been doing for the past few weeks.
It hit its bottom and has since recovered above ico a few times.
Req,rcn are the best new coins.
Don't compare them with some pnd bullshit ico spammed on biz.
These are real deal but they don't x50 in two days.
Look at ark chart, it has been sleeping for a few months before the breakout.
Wait for a few days, but definitely buy more.
2018 will be crazy for REQ
Buy, wait.
Doesn't matter if it goes up and down 25% now.Do you think it'll be less than or hovering around ICO price a year from now?
Of course not.
True.
It will be worth nothing in a year like 90% of altcoins.
Look back 1 year and tell me how many survived.
I hold a significant amount of REQ and everytime it hit ICO or above for a brief period it slowly trickled back down, same happened with the most recent project update too.
It's a good project but its still dictated by how bitcoin moves.
im holding for at least 3 months
REQ is most unlucky coin out there.
It has huge potential, but it's constantly being dumped because of btc drama.
It should have did 50% yesterday due to update, but bch chinks ruined the party.
Selling now is a big mistake imo (unless you're perfectly sure what are you doing) as it can skyrocket any second (and bittrex listing too).
I'm holding like a madman
Classic Ico hodler.
I will never sell!!!
!11>What is fcking opportunity costs???
implying you can't focus on other short-term plays while waiting for inevitable REQ moon
Implying you have infinite money to invest otherwise opportunity is always a thing.
t. Pajeet who sells as soon as it goes -2%.
Every single coin is dictated by how BTC moves anon
Redpill me on this coin, /biz/.
What kind of market cap could this thing get if it takes off?
If it takes off like they want it to?
Higher than current BTC mcap.
speculation is pointless.
depends on crypto getting mass adopted, pos, token burn and so on.
try to think 0.5*omg as the moon shot imo.
Sell all.
Im looking for this to reach my target price before I buy.
DON'T STOP SHILLING LINK JUST BECAUSE IT IS SHITTING THE BED NOWSHOW YOURSELF FUCKING SHITSTAINSPOST SMUG LINK FACES
K keep me updated