Hello everyone.Here is the deal, I lost my job and I have been selling my Bitcoin through this month to be able to eat.
I have not paid rent for 2 months now and I need to pay it until the 25th of this month or I will be homeless.I NEED to make this turn into 200$ in 2 days or I am legit fucked.Help me, I know some of you have insider info and shit like that.
Tell me what is the next moon.Thanks.
BUY NEO.
PivX
https://www.meetup.com/pl-PL/NEO-New-York-Meetup/events/245134204/?eventId=245134204https://www.meetup.com/de-DE/Onchains-Blockchain-Project-Launch-NEO-Ecosystem-Sharing/events/245101761/
27I have until november 25th maximum
There's no guarantee you can make this happen.
What are your skills?
buy bch, dont be a cuck and fud out, hold it for a day or so, win.
Then go get a job
Impossible.
Huge unemployment where I live and I wouldnt get paid in 2 days, it would still take 1 month until I get my salary.None.
I worked at Burger King.Its already dipping
Bullshit.
Unemployment is just a meme.
There's always ways to make money legally and illegally.Go mow some lawns.
Scrub some toilets.
Check our craigslist or whatever odd-job aggregate you have in your area to maybe even help someone move.If you want the money, then hustle your ass off or accept the consequences.Sell your shit or offer your belongings as equity to your landlord even.
But whatever you do, get the fuck off your computer before someone convinces you to gamble your money away on shitcoin x, y or z.But you're larping to get sympathy and investment advice so you're going to stay here.
I dont think you get it.I NEED 200$.
This is a month salary where I live(3rd world country).
I wont get 200$ by mowing lawns and shit like that.
You speak proper English.
Why not freelance online?
Fiverr jobs, shit like that.As a last resort, if you're still fucked by the time the deadline approaches, I'd take that 0.008 BTC and gamble it in some provably fair dice game.
You "only" need to triple it to win.
The odds are against you, but if it's between no chance at all and 1 chance in 4, I know which one I'd pick.
Just put it into Bitcoin (Cash aka Bitcoin) it couldn't be easier for you
Suck 4 dicks for 50$ each.20 mins each dick, make your rent in 80 mins>huge demand, little skill neededAm I an oldfag yet?
This OP
neo getting listed on polo today and cind on trex.
but btg has a huge potential as of now
No one would pay 50$ for a blowjob manHookers charge like 5$ a blowjob here
I'm thinkin NEO and ETH
have you even tried to get a job?When I was laid off I knew I would have to compete with the 200 others they just let go to find a job so instead I got a job at McD's while I went on interviews.
The one that hired me eventually told me they hired me because I showed I was willing to actually work even a shitty job in order to get by... plus instead of just up and quitting McD's I got to have a little fun and purposefully screw up a ton of orders for 2 days and spill a drink all over this one cranky bitch before I finally told them I was gone.
I have not paid rent for 2 monthsNice

Of course I have tried dude, there is a huge work crisis in my areaEven if I got a job, payment here is once a month, I need to pay my rent in 2 days or I will be homeless
Buy DOGE for 26 sat and sell at 100
Kek
BUY BCH ON 10X MARGINNOT MEMEING
Better get out those kneepads, OP.
Even if you aren't exaggerating: 5x 40 =200 at minimum10 dicks a day, do a good job and you'll get tips
my best advice is OMG, I know hear me out it's supposed to have big news coming anytime (4th QTR 2017) but it's a huge gamble if it drops before or after your set date.Other than that I can't help you, all the coins I've studied aren't set to take off for at least 3/4 months and are going sideways.
OMG is the closest one, there's XMR, ETH, LTC that are always up and down but they could be sideways for weeks or even months.
i guess the nice thing about being homeless is that you'll be rent free
Yeah, this.
Sounds like the institution or person who are renting the apartment from is full of shit.
your english is good.
look for some place where you can teach or give private lessonsthe most important thing is to market yourself as a (((professional)))won't solve your immediate problem, you basically have to gamble.
I think using etheroll will give you better chances than investing in a random shitcoin
where to do this?
Buy BCH right now
Short bitcoin at 5-10x leverage to be safe.
25x if you have balls.You can make that 68 in 200 easy.
Ambrosus AMB
Buy BCH.
It's mooning rn.
the picture is every 12 year old's wet dream
Imagine how small cocks people with such cars have