>mfw I see Core supporters getting desperate and FUDding anything that threatens themBCH is undoubtedly a better chain has already taken a lot of BTCs market cap.
Core supporters don't have any good arguments left, so they attack Roger and Wu.ETH is superior to BTC and BCH in almost every way.
Core supporters again don't have any good arguments left, so they take a Vitalik's tweet out of context and again make a personal attack.
This time flooding the board more than Linkmarines.Personal attack FUD is a buy signal.
Slowly, but surely, Core has lost.
I give it until Jan 2018 until BTC is gone.
> Personal attack FUD is a buy signalPretty sure biz is telling me to buy ETH.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5bHimOJb-Xw
unironically this, but the read I get of the skelly cp fudding is to put him on the bch side (congrats guys) and group him with the rest of character assassination attemptsI am basically all in bch but considering putting half into eth
BCH and ETH are both good options at this point.
I think ETH has a little more gain potential though percentage wise.
give it until Jan 2018 until BTC is gone.This is when coinbase is going to give BCH to its users lol
Can’t exchange them until august
Lol, yes.
Coinbase's CEO already hinted they will probably have a buy option along with the withdrawals.
It is going to moon, once stated officially.
ahah do you really believe this shit?
t. nervous corecawke
I am having so much fun seeing them frantically trying to defend BTC.
You know, I think they actually do believe it.
They're the truest cultists around, BCHs.
truest cultists aroundinb4 more personal attacksthis is pure gold
Ha, you are right.
This is pure gold.
Guys, this is just sad now.
Everyone knows that this was just a glorified pnd.
Take your losses and move on.
It is the much healthier option.
Don't drive yourself insane with trying to catch a falling knife.
glorified PNDSits at ATH from two days ago
BCH might really have been a PnD, it is just as BTC, almost useless.But implying that ETH is a PnD...I am having difficulty to write this post through my laughter.
4354158What, I'm going to waste mental energy arguing with you?
Naw haha.
Sits at ATH from two days agoYou have to know that's a similar mindset to the last time BCH pumped up.
Followed by a very slow bleed as people claimed it's definitely coming back.
The difficulty change 'happening' for BCH also hasn't significantly affected BTC hashrate, so I'm not sure where to momentum is going to be any more outside of huge whales attempting to pump interest back in by making more interest appear to be there.
Volume's also been dropping overall
thats the definition of a PnD, it goes back to where it was

Was only talking about BCH.
Eth is great except for the latest comment from eths autistic leader.
it was at 300 USD before it started pumping retard
and there is still some dumping to go
They're the truest cultists around, BCHs.What, I'm going to waste mental energy arguing with you?
Naw haha.No technical statements against BCH.
You just insulted me of being a true cultist.
That is what you call arguing.
If there is extra FUD on /biz/ it often leads to a price rise.
I have noticed this as well.
Why do you think that is?
I think it's just the way /biz/ works.
They are invested in the same coins that they FUD, but if jokes can be made, then they will get made.
It's not like anyone actually takes investing advice based on these posts.
Because we're having fun lad, you actually believe the pink wojaks?
in your fantasies corecuck, the price is stable as fuck
More likely for the next pump to start
Soon.
Wait some hours.
BTC and BCH holders are all faggots
BTC going down the drain soon