We're ready to let it loose.. get in now.
I'm in.Let's do it.
I'm in already but c'mon
delete
I don't believe it.
wheres the pump?
I see only red dildos
why am I not rich from this already
we're waiting...
Pumping down you fucking retard
wellwerewaiting.gif
abort abort abort
So this is the power of 4chan?
Bwhahahah op is a fag
Why you lie to us OPBeen waiting on the inevitable moon mission for weeks now ahhhhh
This is hilarious, sold everything only to accumulate more on this retarded "coordinated" pump
Yes.
Pump rescheduled to 9pm ET.
Accumulate what you can now.
It is coming, I promise.
lol sure.
I'm already all in from weeks ago so who cares

they rescheduled, oh damn... only on 4chan this type of crap happens ahah
Whats the target bro?
I didn't sell at 2.20 because I was keeping this pump in mind
Minimum $4.
Cheers manThat would be amazing

So it changed from $7 to $4?
LOL
Did it start?
I'm seeing two huge green candles
OOOH, the pain of seeing this kind of gullible people
It's going up.
Pumping alread?
Of course it started.
LOL ppl are accumulating
Hopeful
he called vechain which pumped>it already went u from 1.6 to 2.20 todaydo you hate money?
MOD IS MOONING
44365217pm to 9pm to "of course it started".
The "pump" will be /biz thinking a "pump" will happen
Just pulled the gains I got from NEO into this
Didn't start yet, money still going to binance people just accumulating
Yep, go ahead, shoot yourself on the foot.
"Of course it started" ahahah.
I see the pain in your replies.
Sucks to miss out on profit, huh.
I have a healthy stack.
I'll go along on the ride.
But just calling it for what it is.
Surprise me.
immodiumkek
Man, I'm all in on MOD, I know it will do well, we don't need this desperate get rich fast schemes, but this is just fun to watch.
Nice try OP; next time you should try harder
Bots are gonna suppress the price till they pump.
Buy in now!
Seriously MOD is a legit coin why tf is there a pnd group trying to get quick gains?
Who cares, sell high and rebuy even more at the dip
TL;DR: No pump, people trying to get a FOMO reaction to this, and are actually hurting the coin short term.
Congrats
oh shit something's actually happening
keep trying normie
Where is this coin being traded?
LOL the madman actually did it!https://www.binance.com/tradeDetail.html?symbol=MOD_BTC
weakest pump I've seen in my life
Can't even call it a pump
He tried his best, we should cheer for him :D
is this about to start then?
I've stayed up past my bedtime for this.
you just got pranked my dude
Not done yet
of course not xD
Just ride the pumps and sell peaks.
I am doing what I can with my resources.
just made so much money on this pump.
fuck you faggots I'm buying a lambo on the moon
So, you are trading, not pumping, good job, you kinda advertised a 8$ pump ahah with a 4$ minimum, you already made it to 2,20$.
You can do it :D you can still try to bullshit everyone that this is a pump
And instead of capitalizing on an opportunity you are here bitching and complaining because you're missing out.
Stfu.
you are lying and deceiving people, and what capitalization?..
Delusion of self importance
You’re a bold dude.
where is the pump faggots

hahahaha, that is hilarious.
anyone else catch that insider's thread yesterday?
anon gave pretty solid evidence that MOD is collaborating with NEO to enter chinese market tracking shipments.
a MOD board of directors guy is presenting with Da Hongfei in Shanghei.
Partnership to be announced around the 21st.
sauce?
i just posted a thread hoping an anon will come forward with the link i can't find it