AMA
where can i find more info on the team & project?I got in at 0.30, sold at 1.10, currently deciding if I'll reenter or not but cant find any info & so much shadiness around this project.What makes you go all in?
-source code to be released on github on Monday, currently in local repos-inchain team-chink whales supporing it-early listing on binance, they must know something
how much
The early listing on binance really gives me hope.Binance doesn't list random coins.
4265827I'm with you both.
Wait till the whitepaper comes out in engrish.
a beta of the whitepaper is already out
It's out that's why it went down as it did.
Still wish I could've sold high last night and rebought but fuck it
I started with $270 invested in NULS late last afternoon, went to bed slept for like 14 hours... Now see my total at $407.
I look in the history of the chart and see it peaked at like close to $600 at one point.
So really I am still holding, haven't cashed anything out.
Think I should hold through to next week or sell now?
Newfag here
Literally same inveztement as me.
Shouldve cashed out last night at 1.12 and bought back in in the morning but for now HODL until all the normies and Reddit fags read the whitepaper and then boom mini mooning here we go!!!
I'll go all in after a big correction.
Already did an all in and made 2x.
Awaiting reentry because my hunch says there will be a massive dump.
I'm pretty sure the big correction already happened a couple hours ago check the chart
Similar investment here.I'm just holding, this might get to 1 dollar / 1.50 soon I feel.
That doesn't seem like enough of a correction to me, but BNB was the no trade fees promotion on the BNB market so it could just keep climbing
good choicethey have a whitepaper and their github is amazinglooks like its really going placeswould not be surprised if by Q1 2018 it's x800%
If you could be in LOVE with a coin this would be my love
https://nuls.io/pdf/Nuls_whitepaper_en_V1.0.pdfI'm honestly curious about the whole project.
The WP seems decent enough.
The real question for me comes from the crypto market and china's ban.
I'm a complete and total rookie when it comes to anything crypto, but should this be an indicator that NULS is promising?
As if it's not just a scamCoin, like it's purposeful and worth more than a PnD?
Java Based shitcoinnu-/biz/ falling for this obvious scaminvesting in a chink coin with closed source which is planning to go open source after adoptionyou probably download more ram too
lol the white paper is a joke, 9 pages (6 of contents, removing abstract, index and social media logos) of pure vaporwave and upgrades dated "1-2 years" - "3-5 years" "next 5 years".I don't know how you magician pumped this thing to over $1 last night but thanks and goodbye.
Like I said, I'm an absolute rookie.
Thanks for the tip though.
I'll be sure to study more so I can sift through the bullshit.
Cheers, my friend.
This coin will make us rich
finna be RICH my niggas!!!
Will it pump another 100%?