where my comfy neobros at?
comfy nulsbros
Just pre-ordered my Lambo, wbu bro?
Etcg
kms today thanks NEO for pushing me over the line
if you want to kill yourself, might as well wait another day, maybe you are in for a surprise party
Im so close to selling, I bought in at ATH yesterday.
But its only 9 NEO, so im not gonna kms
not very comfy anymore desu senpai
there's NOTHING comfy about holding neo
Disappointed
take a step back, relax, and get comfy
feels baggy man
this is the only coin i will ever hold long term.
I feel bad for you son
Feeling pretty good right now.
We should blow through 1.2M sat later this week.
Don't think I have ever felt comfier than now.
I bought the dip twice and have now 5000 NEO.
NEXT STATION IS LAMBOLAND
Its fucking up pretty hard at the moment eh :S?
Stop looking
never sell da nuls nawt for nuffin
Neo looks to be tanking.
YOU GUYS MUST BE SO COMFY IN HERE
I mean that was some epic drop eh oO?
Maybe this is the first to just go to 1 sat in 1 red candle
bought at .0036 sold half at top and been riding it out with the reststop loss at .0041 .0042 is the new floorenjoy the ride comfy
When the JUSTing ends we'll see another pump and dump on this
yeah, haha
Don't worry, I'll buy your bags at .004
FUCK BOUGHT AT 5100 AHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
My hand does not shake.
Weak handers please sell now.
You don't deserve this.
ok I take everything back, this is not comfy, I sold
Bye
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bUFWXpYJKaIIt's okay anon.
Just buy back in when it settles and you'll have more once it pumps again
good, sell it for nuls
WHY DOES THIS ALWAYS HAPPEN TO MEWHYWHYYYYYYYYYYY
kekholding since $5 and will hodl until it's more than $5000
Good lord fuck off NUL is going into a panic sell at the moment.
Watch and wait.
Bought at the top of yesterdays pump.
Im done.
Same... bought 4 for the Lulz... eating shit right now but I could have spent that money at a casino last night so I figure I’m ahead... and there’s a chance it turns around
$5000Nigga, I spend this much on condoms at least every day.
Step up your game if you want to succeed in the crypto game.
I'm holding 21, most of which I bought near ATHjust checking 
My only regret is not having more money ready to buy these heavy bags off you weak handers.
RIP noNEOs
Anyone with intelligence that didn't buy in early has sold.
Only retards are hodling now.
Your words hurt
We're all hurting here.
I lost about 150 dollars since I went away from the keyboard and got dumped on.
My hand isn't shaking Pajeet
Don't worry I'll buy your bags soon for the next PnD tonight
$ .. fml.. for that money i wouldn't even fucking bother looking at the chart wtf.
:s just go outside,play some viday wtf man.
4446164You seem awful smug for a weak handsWe're on the uptick now, even if it's just a bounce
How can you buy my bags when I'm not fucking selling?