>tfw at the time you wrote your college graduation thesis BTC was at 600$>you didn't invest>you only started investing one month agoLife is hard.
I made 100% in a relatively short time, but still life is suffering.Anyhow, here's my thesis, it's from 2014.
It's quite interesting to be reading it now, with a whole new appreciation and view of the subject.https://gromperekichelcher.wordpress.com/2017/11/22/cryptocurrencies-economics-and-regulation/
This garbage is college level writing.
I was younger and Italian, I still am Italian tho.
Forgive me for my sins father
Is this the level of your average american college thesis?
This looks like 10-15h work tops.
The referencing is literally just link to websites.
The conclusion is 5 pages long.
A shitton is just the writer's opinion on the subject rather then a list of semi-original findings.
And just look at this sentence.>This very simple model tells us a very simple, yet of extreme importance, thing.
what did you study?
op so italiano pure io ahaha io ci ho fatto un tema alle superiori tipo quando 1 bitcoin stava a 100 euro e ho iniziato 1 settimana fa, ti feelo troppo
You should write an essay about missing the world cup too
Ouch
you already made this thread like a week ago you fag
It's your average Italian person writing in english bachelor college thesis, yes.
I've always put a lot of value in my opinion, better than killing myself.SomewhereMi sento uno stronzo compare.
Il peggio è che lavoro nella industria dei fondi di investimento, quindi pensare a ciò che sarebbe potuto essere e a ciò che invece è... è pesante :3I'm happy we lost, so I don't have to pretend to be happy or angry according to football matches results
Damn
SHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIEEEEEEEET
I feel bad for you OP.
College is a huge scam and is just there to brainwash you into believing making money with your money by taking a small risk is only what gamblers and evil greedy rich people do.
When, in fact, that is exactly what they want you to believe so they ((they)) have less competition.
I used to believe this too, up until I sold my first item on ebay for a profit because I bought it for less money.
This opened my eyes.
I saw for the first time in my life it was possible to make money off of my own money and not have to work for someone else, despite this being grinded into me my entire life growing up that the only way to get rich was to work hard and do what others do.
il bello è che ho scelto pure io economics all'uni e sono al secondo anno adesso.
proprio adatta a noi dopo aver perso la ridistribuzione di ricchezza del secolo
Mah, io inizio a pensare alla strada istituzionale.
Ormai una nave la ho persa, fortunamente altre navi possono sempre attraccare al porto.
A breve giungerà l'ora delle case di investimento istituzionali nel mercato cryptoDio ti benedica fratello
se entrano big player allora un giorno 1 satoshi sarà come 1 dollaro oggi sempre se non rendono illegale il tutto con la pressione delle banche.Che Dio benedica pure te