So who here has reserved their Mona.co metal, platinum visa crypto cards?
Black card up in dis
Aren't these only for Singaporean residents?
Sorry m8, getting my CAG card in a couple of months.
for now, Europe will be announced in a few days (maybe the 14th), and then US/CA will follow, and russia soon.
Rest of Asia is in a few days too
They are officially partners with Visa now too.>Singapore users will soon have their very own pre-paid cryptocurrency card to use for payments, thanks to VISA and Monaco’s latest joint venture.https://www.cryptocoin.news/news/altcoin/visa-and-monaco-announce-first-ever-pre-paid-cryptocurrency-card-for-singapore-users-3238/
those look sleak afshame the cheapest metal one is 50 MCOwill opt for the cheap one and maybe catch on a metal one in the future if they ever return
shame the cheapest metal one is 50 MCOYou dont have to pay 50 MCO, you only have to lock them in for 6 months, then they will be returned to your wallet.They have a free one too, the blue one.
But that is not metal
oh right i see, thats neatbut i cant afford that many either way, bought 10ill get the free one once its announced for europe
Sexy as fuk might have to look into this.
You have 50k MCO?
cards for the first 500 to invest and 499 for topcontributors.
I was number 340 to investI dont have 50k MCO, but i do hold quite a stack, went up 4000% from ico in may to august
you earn MCO for every purchase too, so there might be a possibility to earn your way up to a steel card.Can't wait for EU release
Damn.
Good job, anon.
now im just hoping i didnt got bamboozled and bought a false dip
shit, looks like there is no cashback for the blue card...
The 50MCO one has 1% cashback
guess we'll see the 14th...
I think we will moon hard af
Monaco is absolutely on fire now.
NOT PARTNERfucking idiot... Visa is very acceptant compared to mastercard about crypto cards.If they approve processing for a company it does NOT mean its partnership.
It's a simple green button, not fucking partnership idiot
VISA and Monaco’s latest joint venture>joint ventureMona.co had to wait for weeks to get the green light to post this PR post...Who's the real idiot here?
I have made tens of thousands on this company
You're not wrong you're just an asshole.
VISA Program Manager approval is still a big deal.Why are you so emotional right now?
where is this from?
It's still not a join venture.
You think VISA have a join venture with over 50,000 companies?
No.
They just approved Monaco to process the payments which they do with several companies daily
You are acting like it's a huge thing to be accepted by VISA but it's not.If they get a Unique iban for each account I'm gonna be impressed because that's harder to get.
They need to find a good intermediary bank accepting bitcoin business.
Now thats hard.
space grey here4268705they got program manager approval thothey could do unique iban in theory
4268693Monaco has their own BIN number, two in factAlso, they are the first VISA program manager that deals in crypto>Now, the globally recognised credit card network, Visa, has stepped in to serve a role in the digital economy.
They will begin with Singapore.
The tiny nation of Singapore has been a forward thinking and receptive country when it comes to cryptocurrency acceptance and adoption, so this seems like a logical step.https://cointelegraph.com/news/singapore-residents-clamor-for-bitcoin-backed-visa-cards
4268739IBAN is a bank account to intergrate with the SWIFT system.
That means you can get an SWIFT transmit to your own name approved by the routes.BIN is not even close to be the same.On a side note, do you have the BIN?
First 4 digits on the card.
4268705>Monaco has said Singapore is only a starting point for its prepaid card program.
The firm recently hired Brent Diehl, a former Visa executive, to lead its international expansion into Europe, North America and the rest of Asiahttps://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-11-01/visa-approves-monaco-cryptocurrency-card-for-singapore-residentsJust stop the FUD, this is gonna be huge
I made it.It's a big deal because normies see VISA and get hard.
It's a big deal because it means Monaco will function as a crypto card when basically everyone in the cryptosphere was yelling SCAM after the announcement was delayed.Even the CEO said the importance people were putting on the Program Manager approval was excessive.
They have news coming down the pipeline that is way bigger than this.
The BIN numbers are not released yet, probably will be released in a few days
Yeah like they are the only one.XapoUquidADvcashCryptopayCoinizySpectrocoinBitPayBitnovoWordcoreShiftMoneyPoloWirexANXRock TradingDSX.ukBitStampXapoWagecanGetonebitBitnationSatoshiTangoCryptobuyerCapitalist.net*Uuuh, eeeeeh, they are... they are the first to.... to get approved"https://steemit.com/bitcoin/@bitcoinshirtz/a-full-list-of-bitcoin-debit-cards-for-2017
You can have a VISA Prepaid card without being a Program Manager yourself.
I don't care enough to research this list and see if they are or aren't.
A crypto card is nothing new and have existed for years.However, what makes Monaco unique is the token based participation program where token holders gets a benefit for the network payment processing.
Monaco is however not the only one here EITHER but the reputation got MCO a long way.
Thats why people are acting all clueless.
I really don't think people know this,
They are the only one who has been compliant enough to be able to roll out globally really fast, unlike the failiure that is TenX
"Monaco’s prepaid card has been approved for issuance to Singaporean residents, Visa spokeswoman Lea Cademenos said in an email.
Visa approved the program through Monaco’s issuer, Wirecard AG.
"Here confirmed again, they don't act as issuer this time either.
And here we can see which BIN number Monaco card will have since these are issued by Wirecard AG:https://www.freebinchecker.com/wirecard-bank-ag-issuer-bin-list
so how is this better than wirex/xapo/tenx?
what makes Monaco uniqueNot to mention the $500,000 travel insurance, perfect interbank exchange rates, and whatever else they have planned.>Monaco’s issuer, Wirecard AGNew program managers always have to go through an existing program manager for some period of time (5 years?)
before they can operate independently.
It isn't.Last time I chcked (was a year ago tho) You needed to manually exchange bitcoin using Wirex to usd or eur or gbp.
Hopefully they have fixed this.Xapo have been here for several years and real time convert and time on purchase so it's an already working product.TenX is just like Monaco and Xapo also.
Nothing new here, no difference.
Go with whoever u feel most comfortable with.
How many on this list are program managers themselves?
Dude I'm not gonna spend time researching this for your confirmation bias.
So far what Monaco is doing is nothing over the top.
It's nothing new, nothing unique, nothing spectacular.I like Monaco because it have a reputation by normies and reward program for token holders based on Ethereum.
That means it's profitable to invest in Monaco.To call it revolutionary is out of this world stupid.
Nothing new with Monaco.
4269095Dude, why dont yu just shut the fuck up, you clearly dont know shit.They are a program manager, the ONLY one in crypto.
This means they will get FAR better rates than the rest of the crypto cards, which have really hight fees.There are more bonus stuff too, but i dont have the time to do research for you
you can also link your bank account to mona.co app and transfer money directly, and also purchase cryptos directly
Where is the word revolutionary in this thread?Xapo and TenX charge fees for1) Issuing the card2) Depositing funds on the card3) Withdrawing funds from ATMMonaco charges for none of these.But whatever they're all the same.I think you're just emotionally unable to handle other people being happy about something.
You got me Freud.
now go outside and play
wtf I need to get some MCO now
its just a prepaid card like how target has them or any other company lmfao
Nigga have you even read this thread?
?prepaid = debit, it's just semantics
you need to load up money on a debit card too, does that make it a prepaid card?
If it really is just semantics why not just call it a debit card?Also : https://www.consumerfinance.gov/ask-cfpb/what-is-the-difference-between-a-prepaid-card-a-credit-card-and-a-debit-card-en-433/What I don't understand perhaps is how everyone can still be encouraging everyone to buy monaco even after kris has repeatedly screwed over token holders, thank fuck i sold this at 192k.
Even as someone who has sold off my PAY position and now soley hold tkn, i will say that PAY is way better than MCO, and I say that as someone who can get an mco P R E P A I D card.
Even many people in singapore from the crypto telegram say that they will not be getting the card, so good luck with sales
so what's the dealio with the asset contract?Last I checked, Monaco was doing great while rendering their token worthless.
I also want to add that MCO copied TKN's whitepaper which is fucking hilarious
It's not just semantic.
VISA is very specific about what their clients call their cards.
Debit is linked to a bank account.
Everything else is prepaid.Functionally the difference is fairly negligible.
What makes PAY better than MCO?
Their "totally not a security" security coin?
Isn't tenx already available in europe which is bigger than singapore....
they are ONLY available in europe, and every card outside was disabled in october or something.Just goes to show the tenx team is incompetant
PAY will get delisted everywhere because it's a security, wait and see
TKN's whitepaper is hilarious.>Sonja is a European E-sports Gamer and market prediction savant.
She earns her entire living beatingplebes at Counterstrike using FirstBlood’s e-sports betting network, and beating plebes pretending tobe experts on the Augur and Gnosis prediction markets.And they don't even try to hide the fact that they are a security with pages of "we are not a security" heading the whitepaper.
I would much rather have a card linked to my bank account for convenience sake, isn't then tenx considered a debit card?I would say that for one PAY has a larger issuing base - europe compared to singapore.Don't get me wrong.
It's great that I can access MCO's visa card, but there are some severe flaws with it and its use in singapore according to those who have bought it in the telegram group - to the point it has become a laughing stock.
Nigger, read the links i posted.
They are rolling out to the EU, US/CA and Asia and Australia ++
This is particularly ironic, because MCO got delisted on a Hong Kong exchange because it was considered a security xDWe'll have to see, but I don't want to speculate on something which the SEC has never even took a stance on, and probably never will.
That's the thing though, PAY has the first mover's advantage in europe...
I'm not saying they won't - maybe they will and that's great, but whether they will be first is a completely different matter.Just to make it clear - monaco as a company is good, monaco as a token is extremely lackluster.
There are some serious flaws as well, including the lack of communication and constant delays - which makes me question when MCO will go to these other regions, considering they took so long to just enter a state which is so open to new technology, other countries may not be so welcoming to monaco and may cause unexpected delays
Singapore is the very first stage of the global rollout.
Asia, EU, NA to follow.Monaco is taking this slowly with emphasis on multi-jurisdictional compliance.
Not particularly funny to me.Monaco did not "get delisted" by Gatecoin.
It was Monaco's decision.
And for better or worse, MCO abandoned the asset contract which could have compromised exchange listing in the future.
Got my silver card reserved.
Would go for black, but just can't afford it.. position 600ish..
I've invested in this since july and thank fuck i sold in august.
I rebought in october thinking this would go somewhere and sold once again when they removed the asset contract.
We'll have to see, but I don't want to speculate on something which the SEC has never even took a stance on, and probably never will.
>implying the SEC is the world governmentthere are more juristictions than US, lol
lack of communication....... they just hired 2 full time people to do social networks, also kris is on Slack multiple times a week
Yeah that fall was brutal.
Glad you made the best of it.It was pretty bad in the months before they hired Ally and Yvonne
which meant that only the patient remained to swallow up the gainz
Also has anyone heard about some of the issues of MCO card in singapore, apparently someone in our telegram group got a mco card and it was denied at multiple restaurants and bars in singapore which accepted visa, anyone knows anything about this?
i think they are seen as beta testers, good thing they discover kinks when it's not global
its a real issue imo, if the monaco card is not accepted at multiple restaraunts, bars, shops which would otherwise accept visa cards.
im sure they will get it fixed asap
Dude Monaco hasn't shipped any cards yet.
Anyone that says otherwise is lying.
The card will be accepted anywhere that accepts VISA as long as your balance is sufficient.
hey opMCO is close to hitting 0.001 btcthanksthis is the best deal i've done in a month
Huge, just put 50% in this.
Fuckkk me I dont have enough money to buy more!!!
Could only buy 300.
Am i going to make it guys?
talk for yourself, whalei could only afford 7.24095484
no problem ;^) enjoy the gainzthat should equate to some nice $$ in a few months