Forget your flippening shit, this is the real moon mission waiting to happen.
So far, I hold 10,000 COSS, worth about $750, and I've right now cashed in my 5 Bitcoin Cash which I've held since the fork to buy more.
I actually almost bought into Kucoin, but after crunching the numbers, I realised there's really no contest.
At COSS' current trading volume, I'd only be earning about $12 per year, it's true, but the exchange is still in beta, with a new UI and fiat trading just round the corner, so it's perfectly reasonable to assume it's going to grow.
If it hits current EtherDelta volume levels, I'll be earning $250 a year.
If it hits Kucoin levels, $400 a year.
If it hits Binance levels, that comes out at $12,000 a year.
That's without even taking into account the compounding interest, the exclusive airdrops for COSS holders and of course the likelihood that the COSS token itself and all of the other coins that make up the fee split, BTC, ETH, ARK, ZEN, etc.
will themselves be increasing in value over time.
The current low volume is a godsend because non-whales can still afford to get in.
If you can't afford to go all in, I'd advise grabbing 1000 COSS for $75 just to play it safe.
People are going to be kicking themselves for ever if this takes off.
I have done my research.
COSS is literally the best investment.
how late will the dividend be payed out?
When is todays snapshot?
I want to believe in this coin, and I think its a really good idea, but people keep talking about that one scammer man involved.
What is going on here?
Why do you keep copypasting this?
I found the Coss opportunity a little while back.
I went in deep because I see it as the exact same things as owning shares in one of the other large exchanges.
The main reason I bought coss is the upcoming fiat gateways and products they will be offering.
This is such an under the radar project here in cryptospace.
Why does it go down for maintenance the second the snapshot is taken?
I want to dump my coss reeeeeeeeeeeee
biz rather buys bitcoin cash for high prices from koreans than making some bucks on undervalued projects, as usual
Coss is a blatant scam.
They will never finish the beta and the exchange will mysteriously go offline once the team is finished unloading their bags.
Please elaborate on why/how it's a scambecause you "feel" it?
pic of the cousin of the cleaner of the CEO's brother
Scam team.
Dyor.If 4chan people can't google they deserve to be fucked.
4319095FUD with no supporting facts or arguments or links.
Why bother responding if it has zero substance?You can literally copy paste those replies into any thread and they make just as much/little sense
nice ponzi
In what way is it a ponzi you fucking potato
I would love to hear something substantive either for or against this coin and exchange, but all we've seen so far is generic bullshit copy pastaThe paid shills and FUDders are so lazy and obvious sometimes.
They take one or two vague pot shots at every coin they're not working to pump and keep anything they are paid to pump on the front page indefinitely
For me the positives:Fiat in development, USD, EUR, and Singapore dollars, would be a big deal.The fact that even if this exchange doesn’t get massive, the potential rewards are well worth investment at the current priceICOs run through COSS are already lined up, airdrops etc.
are a great way to accumulate and passively diversifyThe risks:It could just fizzle out to nothing.Singapore government could just JUST this exchange (though there is potential to move in the future)Honestly I think it’s worth it, just running the numbers even with modest growth makes me quite happy I invested in this.
thanks anon for writing something longer and more thoughtful than bullshit auto responses like:"exit/pajeet/chink scam""DYOR""invest now or stay poor forever"