Am I going to make it?
Everyone with half a brain has BCH-BTC with at least 4 - 1 ratio (quantity)..
why do all you fags use the percentagesespecially on a blockfolio thread
I mean, it's not hard math to figure out the values, is it?
Yes.
Are you?
I'll make it if China finally acknowledges le chink coin or if refugee coin's tangle overtakes blockchain.
It feels bad because I'm young and didn't have the money to invest, still made 400% profits so far mostly because of ANS
its not hard but why make life harder if you can have it the simple way im not gonna waste my time to calculate some guys shitcoin holdings


Pt 1
Pt 2Too many different coins?
Real fuckers just use the goddamn API's of all exchanges and just look at the last price.
I know what price I fucking bought at and I know what price I'm selling.I don't know why all u fucks need something to show to other people how "smart" you are with your memecoin distribution.
wtf man
more than 1 BTCYou've already made it, dude.
Don't fuck it up!
Send help
The fuck am I looking at?
4521558comfiest hold.This time next year there will be no wagecucking for me
Not seen on pic - Monero and REX.I could probably daytrade but I don't have time so I'm keeping a holder's portfolio.Any suggestions?
Good lord.
Is there going to be a dip I can get in?
I Wana make it in Canada too
Lots of fiat.
I would increase you XMR stack and maybe BTC as a hedge to BCH.If you're a holder XMR is perfect.
This time next year it will be 10x what it is now.
It's a start.
Well, is there an app for that?
Thread needs more ark my niggaz
Looks good dude.
Shitcoinfolios makes me fucking REEEE.All you have to do is do what I do to make it.
BTC, BCH (also got BTG I haven't added, I'll probably do that whenever it gets pumped next time), ETH, XMR, OMG and ZRX.
Not pictured is some small amounts of NEO/GAS and LTC.Get rid of the link meme and whatever the fuck taas is.
Shitcoins are only worth to daytrade holding them is a meme.
I dunno, its consolidating right now...
I see SUB being worth more than 1USD by end of January, maybe even more.They're wrapping up Alpha, Beta starts in December and v1 is out in January.
Should only rise from here.
If you're looking for a long term hold I'd see no problem getting in at 21 cents to be honest.
Richfags should be forced to send .5btc to every anon that replies to them.
If you ever make it to half a mil you'll realise it's not a lot of money.
Got a 50K inheritance.
I had nothing before.
Now I realize that it is still nothing.
I hope I will make it out on the other side...
What are your expenses?
Chances are you've got them all covered and still have $500k.
You could NEET for 20 years with $500k.
You are financially stable and then some.What constitutes "something" to you?
Yeah, I invested 10k into crypto a year ago and by doing some good trades and also the huge fucking mooning of the whole crypto market it turned out pretty well for me.
Honestly after the first 100k I stopped caring up until that point I was euphoric as fuck but once you reach 100-200k you start to realise "well I don't have to worry about money for a while, but I can't really buy anything special.
"Not even joking but I still live with my parents.
I just don't know what to do with my life.
I have a decent chunk of money but honestly I don't really care about the money I just wanna see it grow now.
I pay my parents nothing (they are pretty wealthy)I pay for the internet and my phone that's literally all my expenses.
They buy and make me food, wash my clothes etc.
Fuck off peasant.
The only place you will make it is into the fucking gutter where you belong.
Utter degenerate.
Good job you magnificent bastard.
im kind of in the same boat desu.
i wont be satisfied untill i have at list 1mil, which when i do ill probably cash out 80% and buy treasury bonds and just live off swing tradin crypto until the end of 2018. then ill cash out everything and wait for the bubble to pop and then buy back in.
at least*, fuck.
I buy a little every week.
Am I gonna make it /biz/?
i think i should have just done 100% eth
Hope
Can I ask you how you learned to trade?
For now I'm only lurking here and on some subreddit a like r/investing.
I want to learn but I'm not sure where.
Or did you just learn it by doing it?
he started a year ago.
everything mooned since then
Eth 100%
you're gonna make itanyone with about 100 will