Sup /biz/ I want to be a homeowner but I'm shitty at running numbers.
Please help me figure out what I can spend on a house.
I'm nervous about getting myself into a bad situation but I think my financials are in the right place at this point.I'm 26 years old.105k in S&P 500 brokerage account (prefer not to touch this)44k cash (I know, this is too much but it's because I'm expecting to make a down payment on a house soon)~41k crypto (prefer not to draw from this)80k annual salary take home about 4k a month after getting assraped on taxes, benefits, and retirement contributions.1.5k 401k (just started making contributions recently.Live at home so $0 rent.
Pay about $250/mo in bills between cellphone/car insurance/miscHouses in my area start at about $300k for something reasonable (cities suck).
Tack on another 10-15k for furnishing means I need about $75K liquid to move in.
My parents have offered to loan me some money towards this as well, I haven't discussed specifically what the terms of that would look like but I assume it would be extremely low/no interest.-is a 300K home purchase realistic with my finances within the next year?-How much should I consider borrowing from my parents so that I can make a 20% down payment and avoid getting raped by the mortgage insurance jew?Thanks anons.
I can answer any more questions about my financial situation if that helps you make a better recommendation.
I have no idea what a 300k house would be in monthly payments where you live, but... in miami you are looking at around 1.8k/month for a house like that.
If your portfolio allows, you are looking at round 5-10k/year in dividends from your stock holdings meaning that a good chunk of your rent can be covered.
Ideally though, if it is your first property and you don't a wife/daughter/etc.
You might want to look at a more modest property that you can pay off with your dividends alone.
That way you will live practically rent free and comfy.But that is what would do.
Unfortunately that is almost as modest as it gets in my area.
Maybe something for $250k.
But lower than that is in the bad parts of town.Zillow estimates show a $300k house with $60k down as about $1200 a month.
I have excellent credit at 800+ so I'm sure that I can get the best rate possible.
pls halp biz
That's not bad specially if insurance is included.Lower than that is the bad parts of town.I understand this, and maybe I am insane, but my family has made so much money from buying houses in bad neighborhoods is not funny.Even in bad parts of town, people have to live somewhere.
On top of that, if you have a keen eye, you will find bad parts of town undergoing gentrification and thus positioned to be very hot property in 5-10 years.By total accident when we got to this country my family bought in a bad part of town.
Since we made good money we paid it off relatively fast, and before we knew it, we started renting that property and repeating the process.Not only have all these properties raised in value today but we make great money renting them out to poor people (mostly immigrants and blacks).Not saying to go live in a bad part of town but is not all downsides.
since you're single maybe consider buying a multi unit property and paying the mortgage with the rent they pay or at least a chunk of it.another benefit from multi unit is that you can include rent on the other units as income on loan applications.
when you get a wife you can either sell it (hopefully for a profit), stay , or move away and keep it
I like the idea of this but I'm not sure if I could make the down payment - I think my parents would be skeptical about loaning me money in this situation.Thanks for everyone's advice so far.
It's been helpful.
Keep it coming!