ETH IS GOING TO MOON HARD (0.25)YOU'VE BEEN WARNED https://www.tradingview.com/chart/ETHBTC/xwfdqmfq-ETHBTC-New-Long-Move/
it will moon, but it will take too longI dont like to hold since I miss better opportunities
Eth is the eunuch coin
More moons than my favorite shitting street in downtown Mumbai
just bought some more desu senpai
eth is going to CRASH
Keep them out of our decentralized censorship-free systemHow can he not realize how much of a hypocrite retard he is being.
ETH soon back to 300.
As always.
how much hard is for you
4392097fat, overindulgent, poor hygiene commie crashing his own coin
"keep nazis off decentralize uncensorable platforms!
"how much of a fucking moron do you have to be to type that
tfw Kraken executed my buy order TWICE @340 USDF U G G
nice, im going to buy a lot of this coin
WARNINGBUY THE DIP OR GET REKT
r u bot mane?
pedocoin
this can't be real..
should I sell now then buy back later?
I hate the fact that BTC is rekking everything again
Get off kraken dude.
Shit exchange, shit technical team, low volume.
You know this is a sign.
he is 10x uglier than that photo make him look
JUST
his indian side must have been a really low caste
saganesque"Making life interplanetary, and then interstellar, enables creation to generate untold wonders over potentially trillions of years.
We have no idea how long human life could last, if we can get it off this one fragile, risk-filled, tiny sphere into the ocean of darkness and light above our heads, and into every nook and cranny of the observable sphere.
We owe all the potential futures that could emerge from our present the possibility of existence, and to accomplish this, we must go not only into space, but eventually, by any means found necessary, into the stars.Creatures we cannot even imagine, evolved from us, our passengers on that trip, will thank us – their nameless ancestors who carried the fire of life away from one sun, and into the potential bay of eternity.
This is actually within our reach.
I'm sure we could, say, launch Orion-class starships (designed, what, 50 years ago?)
from the moon or from Mars, and really get our striding boots on.Without space, humanity is meaningless.
A billion years from now, beings will theorise about how life came to spread across the cosmos.
They might even remember us, their humble ancestors.
We owe it to them in exactly the same way the fish clambering up the muddy beach owed it to us: we have a duty to life.
Our duty is to go!
"https://www.vice.com/sv/article/qbxej5/global-resilience-guru
bullshit