Less than $10k in bank account>No friends>No family>No gf>Job pay less than average for my ageAnyone else in the same boat?
How should I kms?
If you have money in the bank you’re doing ok. Don’t do it.
Change your life, don’t end it.
All in on Link, buddy.
I was in a similar situation in 2014 and then I stumbled upon the Ethereum ICO.
Never give up bro, things can change so quickly.
Go to vegas and have a good week fucking hookers.
Become homeless and die of the AIDS you contracted.
Stop being a depressed faggot.Jack Ma, the richest man in China got rejected from a KFC to work at your age.You may be down now, but your only 26/27.
Get off your ass and do somthing if you are despressed don't just ask a board of random niggers if you should kill yourself or not.
It looks like you are begging for attention.
You'll make it, I was like you a while ago.
be me3k in crpyto>joblocking tattoos from my punk days>gf but shes fat and ugly compared to the chicks i banged when i was 19>been in and out psychiatry since 17>zero education or degree>never learnt a skill >jobless and living at my moms atm, still having psychiatric treatment>go back end of november>go on deepweb on and buy lsd and hope i will get struck by some revelation and everything will change>lsd has no effect on me, must be just bunk tabs>go into moms liqour cabin, start drinking the hard shit
Should have used that 10k on the pump and dump on bch, missed out bro, may as well kys, that was your only chance out of your shitty life.Nar bro just jokes, everything will be ok, you got 10k in the bank, better then nothing and alot more then most faggots working a shitty job
This is a terrible place to get help for depression.
Also faggot, use some of that 10k now and go get yourself a nice escort, not some shit of the street though, something decent, pussy always makes you feel better bro.
Also fucking stop crying about not having a gf, you dont fucking need one faggot, look at the time we live in, why the fuck would you want a gf when you can get pussy with a simple swipe of your phone.