tfw missed out on crypto gains
Look at the charts senpaiThere are moons every dayYou'll make it (maybe)
who wants to help me with small gains until I get comfortable?
do you use line?
For charts ?
Most common one to use is candles.AMA senpai, I'm new myself but have been getting gains
Aw poor baby.
:(( I guess you better give up and never ever try.
Not op, but need some help.
Where do you get your information from, and what do you have your investments in right now?
Plz help a brother out
https://cryptopanic.comNews aggregator for crypto.
If you want to get into a moon caused by news, this is good.I'm a part of a couple telegram groups and we all speculate good signals.
I've joined 3 channels on telegram, that are all bots for signaling (sniping, buy walls, unusual behavior) bot is called xypherian or something ?/biz/ of course has great content, but it's filled up with trash.
It's worth going dumpster diving occasionally.NOT FINANCIAL ADVICE ~I'm all in on GRS.
It fell down to almost 7100 before/after the roadmap release, expecting it to retrace as it should.There is currently a TA fag on /biz/, he has a thread with 80+ replies on it somewhere.
I suggest you go through all of that as well.I'm not much more than an intermediate trader (knowledgable on that TECH though), but feel free to AMA.
inv me to the discords?
T O K Y OOKYO
Thanks for the answers, really helping a pleb out.Do you do pump & dump?
What wallet, and trading sites do you use?
I never mentioned discord :^)Sorry anon, most of the discords are meant to PnD on gaymer kids that have bought crypto with parents wallet.No worries !I try to make my trades as short as possible so PnDs sometimes fall into my trades.
Success rate had been 80%, until I tried my luck with the PBC chaos the other day.
Trading can always become consistent, because it's not fully luck based.
PnDs have a lot more luck involved.Anyways, wallet depends on crypto.I have my official neo wallet on my desktopI use Jaxx on my mobile for long term holdsI would use a ledget but I don't have the capital to see it as worth it.I use only bittrex, until a good decentralized exchange comes out so I won't get rekt during moonsAlso because I'm currently creating my own /g/ command line portfolio, based on cryptop, only for bittrex.
>its over!!
I meant telegram
Appreciate the answers.
What i find the most difficult is just the massive amount of coins excisting, and every source telling me different thing.
But definitely checking out cryptopanic!
Is this your only source of information?
Would really appreciate if you told me what telegram groups you´re in!
4492486Ah, telegram / XypherianBotHere's the bot, in it's description it should link to another 3 botstelegram / @foxcryptotelegram / pumpandtrumpTelegram groups up there too !
Give BM a shout when you join the pump and trump channel/groups :)Way too many coins, but you don't need to focus on all of them.
If you start hearing news about one, or a general rise on the charts, etc, do some more research on that coin, decide if you think it's worth trading, do some trades, then move onto the next coin.
Don't get too emotional like all these linkies in here.