Is crypto market scam or is it just too small?BCH currently showing us how fragile everything truly is
It just reminded us of the unstoppable force of asiansThe only thing stronger than that is the original Bitcoinremember those two rules and you'll be fine
It's just a wonderful place full of tears and joy and fantastic emotions!
Come, join us brother in the jolly dance!
Crypto market is a meme
its mostly a heavy manipulated ponzi.
if u havent made any gains i would advise u to not invest ur hard earned cash.
good chance u will lose it .
Crypto was always a scam.
Fiat will continue to reign supreme.
The Chad fiat vs the Virgin crypto.
4315765This
XD yeahlet them
it's not a scam.
this is what a 100-billion-dollar international unregulated anonymous marketplace looks like.
it's a shitfest.
crypto is to money what 4chan used to be to the internet.
It must be really painful to live with the thought that you can get justed literally any waking second.
Crypto life must be very sad
anyone with a brain got in before all this fork drama i.e.
sub 5k and is very far from getting justed.t.
the unjusted majority
We're already seeing people in their early twenties with grey hair or no hair at all.
Thanks cryptocoins!
because core and blockstream have limited the real world adoption of bitcoin through slow transactions and high fees bitcoin has remained a speculative asset, speculation on exponential growth trends causes the price action.now that we have bitcoin per the whitepaper again in bch the value of bitcoin will increasingly be tied to real economy activity and resourcesImagine how stable the price of bitcoin will be when everything from childrens pocket money to international oil deals are transacted in bitcoin
We need to remove the miners from the equation IMO.If they are not willing to not kills off their source of money for short term gains they should be disposed of completely.
No.
Miners are useful for proof of work.
What we need is a hybrid system where miners can signal but so can users like us.
Decred is pretty close to having that, I just don't think there's enough attention on it since everyone is watching the pump
Decred looks good imo, are there any hidden problems with it?