i've spent months with the desperate hope of making enough to not wagecuck anymore.
i've dreamed about it, fantasized, spent every fiber of my being trying to make it a reality.
if these dreams are dashed, it would be like coming off a 72-hr heroin high.
the withdrawal back to irl would be so nasty i'll have to kill myself.anyone else feel the same way?
Nope.
Just gonna try again.
I want to make one million with 100bucks.
That’s the magic of crypto.
Did you make any money?
Cut your losses and get out while you can
I know that feel anon.
Before crypto, I'd traced out a retirement plan where I stash every spare penny in index funds and I might be able to 'retire' by 40, on a very meager draw of like $20k-$30k a year.
It wasn't perfect but it was still vastly better than cucking til 60, so I was gritting my teeth and sticking to the plan.Then August came along and uncaged the fucking tiger.
Suddenly I thought I could make retirement happen in just a year or two.
And not a pauper's retirement, but a really nice (not lavish, but nice) quality of living.
It was so close I could taste it.
Now I have no fucking idea anymore.
I can't accept 7% annual returns anymore in a safe index anymore.
It's too fucking slow.
i can't put the tiger back.
I can't accept cucking for another decade and a half.
I have no idea what I'll do if crypto falls though.
This.
I'm a NEET and I rather kill myself than wagecucking
i did make some.
but i honeslty don't even care about it unless i make enough to change my life.money is irrelevant to me, only BIG money matters
Just one more 4x coin, that's all I need and I'll be free from this.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OeLxUVACQF0
This.
Give me lambo or give me death.
There is no in between.
I don't even want a lambo.
I just want enough fuck you money so I can check out of the wagecuck game for good.
I'll just hang out, exercise, watch anime, and cook myself nice food.
I'll buy some onaholes to mess around with.
Real low-key shit.
i actually dont want a lambo either.
I just want to fuck 10/10 hookers on a daily basis.
Yep, its the worst fucking addiction.
Really nothing compares.
The high you get from a moon landing...its better than any drug.
But ultimately, even more is the fantasy and dream that one day, LINK will moon, and you'll make it.
I think I'll make it, don't want to think of the alternative desu, can't think of going back to being a normal worker pleb.
you were sold a dream that was never going to come to pass anonyou fell for it hook line and sinkeraccept it and move on
No.
When crypto crashes, you buy more and hold.
That's the only way to get rich.
Same
doesn't want to wagecuck>instead of learning and acquiring employable skills to earn a high paying job, spends all free time playing the cryptocasino
Same