In a few years, say there is a massive transfer of wealth from the world of conventional finance to that of crypto-currencies, and we all become rich.
What is the first thing you'll do to reward yourself?
And what will you do to reward a friend or family member close to you?
one last vacation together with my parents.
I'll buy kneepads for all the nocoiners on the world so they can at least make some gains.
say there is a massive transfer of wealth from the world of conventional finance to that of crypto-currencieswhere have you been in the past year?
No dude, u got it wrong.
There is massive transfer from the world of conventional finance.THEY will get rich, the rest will be broke when the bubbles burst, the scammers are done scamming and the fools have parted with their cash.
kek, spreading the goodwill.
It's gonna really be a sucky time for all those nocoiners.
They will kneed the help.I'm gonna make movies and travel to places with interesting contemporary art.
Hopefully get pity sex on the way.Should be good.
Probably fuck a lot of 10/10 prostitutes until i get bored and lose meaning in life.
After a certain amount of self-reflection I will run for office in attempt to start a political dynasty.
After i gain popularity as a candidate the 10/10 hookers i fucked will start creating scandals and shit.
I will then proceed to use some of my crypto gains to bribe them to shut the fuck up.
I still end up losing the elections and end up bankrupt because of using my money in campaign funds and bribery.
I go back to my old room where i first started trading and an hero myself after realizing that i was always meant to be a loser and that the only way i can break free is to be one with the universe.
Start a fucking expensive watch collection and take a 5 year long holiday
get somewhere nice to live in the caribbeanwrite books, live alone, simply, happily on the beachoccasionally fly girls in to fuck me
oh and first of all QUIT MY FUCKING WAGEKEK JOB, can't wait.
I could live like a king on just $40k/yr if I didn't have to work for a living
In your dreams, NEET.
Fiat will always be king.
In the next few years, crypto market will implode afte rmost countries ban it.
They have bigger problems to deal with, like the emergence of tech monopolies Shitcoins are going to be around for a while