So either we increase the block size and blow the chain up to 100 terabyte, making it totally unusable.
Or the network DDOS itself with the 7 transaction per second limit.This can only end in total disaster.
You didn't expect first generation cryptocurrency to be flawlessly designed did you?
Give it another couple of generations and a few decades.
b-but bitcoin isn't meant to be used as currency it's just a speculative commodity bromuh lambo
>he fell for the decentralization meme Lmao the very foundations of Buttcoin are flawed and based on shit memes like decentralization.
Sometimes centralization is more efficient and effective, sorry ancaps.
or we use off-chain solutions and be smart about it.
lets throw everything that makes crypto great out the window and turn it into another paypal
you don't seem to understand how crypto works my friend.You should think about this graph for a little bit.
And ponder how much you really know about off-chain solutions.Wonder how much of it you know from reading here, and how much you know from doing research yourself.And then, unless you're a paid shill, or stupid, you will realize that you were wrong.
And you will grow up as a person
What if different currencies served different purposes?
You forget to make an argument.
Wow, 144 gb, that sure is alot.
in 2005.scale blocksize with moore's law.
problem solved.
nice try NSA
a post consisting entirely of ad hominem and intellectual posturing with nothing actually said about the subjectsasuga bitcoin core shill.
chain size>transaction per second limitPffff.. who cares about that?Currency?
Haha!
The only thing you have to do with Bitcoin is HODL!
It is a lot even in 2017, when you consider that the average computer still is sold with a 250GB HDD, the average phone (soon to be the average computer) has about 64GB and most internet connections are sub 1MB/s and often capped to single to double digit GB per month (mobile connections) and you would want to see/use BTC as a decentralized currency.Sure, for some huge ass mining farm in China this is not an issue, but for me, who just would want to use BTC and have them on my own machine instead of a scammy exchange, this is a big issue.And yeah, electron exists, but if everyone uses only electron, the blockchain will be centralized in a dozen farms in China.tl;dr:Bitcoin is crapBut moon, lambo, and so on, so whatever, I'm in.
Make off chain solutions that put anons on equal footing with banksProfit!
the average computer still is sold with a 250GB HDDThe wise words of Mbele M’Chungawungu come to us LIVE from Lagos, Nigeria
Have you visited a BestBuy or Mediamarkt, if you are an euro, recently?
If you wanna have more than 250GB, you either have to get some gaming behemoth, or something really premium.
Most mid-price laptops have some cheap, small SSD.
My premium ultrabook here only has 250GB
 the average computer still is sold with a 250GB HDDHi 2013, long time no see!
Dude, you can get 3tb externad hdd for about 100€.
How heavy are your ripple bags exactly?
I’ve got a shitty acer i5 and it came with 2tbAbout half the price of a Lenovo ideapad
TB HDD cost 40€ bro