SUB on binance.
DYOR.
New website launches next week and working beta shortly after.
you will get 2x gains.
Check out their cuckbook updates, they are active and legit.
Also support decentralized censorship free internet, so that's nice too I guess.
It's about as cheap as it will ever be right now, you have been warned.
just got 1000, wish I could buy more
4535464
it will 2x with website release, even if the beta sucks, im just going to love it and leave it.
that said, i think it's an actual working product
Shilling is fine until you get the "this is the lowest it'll ever be!"
"Get the fuck in" "do you like being poor".
It fucking reeks of pajeet.
Fuck off shills, the last thread didn't work out did it?
POO IN LOO.
4536476Everyone is a pajeet according to you faggots.
This coin will blow the fuck up.
Man, even Skype has been banned on China now.
You're not fooling anybody.
Obviously the web needs to become decentralized.
Subshartum is not the company that is going to do it though... it's a scam.
I-it's a scam!!
!Sad the increasingly nervous man one more time.Proof or GTFO with your FUD.
Substratum has the most communications any ICO ever had in the history of crypto.
Given plenty interviews and are pretty open.
Donated to charities, sponsored codemash, created a blockchain conference.
They raised 15mil in funding already, if this was a scam they would be long gone.Stop being such a jealous cuck and stop shitting our threads you poor ass jelly pajeet.
Said*Ree
You seem really emotional.
I wonder why... hmmm
Accumulating on COSS
only problem i have with this great invention is cp and pedos.
I wish for a day we can just kill all pedos and wipe their sickness from the genepool.
because you act like one, retard
I'm tired of shitposting and baseless FUD on every fucking SUB thread.Ya, but man, the first person to open a non-pedo porn website on the Sub network will be fucking rich.
No country will be able to ban them.I'm not the one slinging shit at others, Mr. Poo in the Loo.