Why do you hate babyboomers so much /biz/?
I'm gen x and they abused my generation.
Now they are using the media to completely erase us.
gen what?
Gen Z here.
Fuck millenials fuck baby boomers.
Z will do away with you all very soon.
/o/ hates them as well.
They are just assholes.
Because they tell me I’m lazy and poor from a house that cost $30k
nobody cares about /o/
GenerationZ thinks Harry Potter is real life and that if you think really hard about some shit you will get it.
You're fucking fairies.
shhhhh.
Don't let them know about the secret
Shut up boomer
They're willing to for peanuts and little faggots >get job for city >fuck yea should be cozy>paired with boomer >one day i park truck and tell him lets chill for a bit >HUR DUR THERE IS NO CHILL WE HAVE TO WORK HARD EVERY SECOND Got fired a couple months later when he called in and tattled i was nappin
They lost all of our wealth in Jewish scams, flooded our country with shit skins, fostered the growth of feminism and look at younger people to bail out their lack of retirement fund by buying their 3 bedroom 2 bath at $750K.
It isn't because they are cunning and slick but stupid, lazy and entitled which they then assign to younger generations.They do not need to "be wiped out" the Jews do.
They need to apologize and work through retirement to pay for the bonds they staked with their grandchildrens future GDP.
They sold us into slavery.
you sound lazy and entitled.how much melanin is in your skin?
be honest
because they took the world's greatest economy and flushed it down the drain, and are as dumb as pigeons so they don't even realize the extent of the the damage they've done.
they still think in the current situation you can just pull up your bootstraps and become successful, and that's why none of them have retirement savings and are forced to continue working.we don't actually need to hate them, they've fucked themselves so bad they will be committing suicide in the back room of their retail jobs at the age of 70 because they pulled out their whole 401k to prop up a business they tried to start but ending up failing miserably.
Fuck off bruce
please hurry
in the current situation you can't just pull up your bootstraps and become successfulyou have to tie your bootstraps to a shitcoin though rather than pull them up
It's easier to hate grandpa than your father, who really is responsible for all this shit.
Your grandpa is a baby boomer?
Because they're spoiled entitled pieces of shit.
They literally pushed all their problems to the next generation.
they sold us into slavery This.
And trying to get them to even admit one of their wrongdoings is as hard as getting a jew to admit he's in the wrong.
Because they're entitled, spoilt cunts who were never told no.
They fucked the economy and now they just spend their time vacationing and talking shit.
And the men are complete cucks
A boomer yelled at me and threw a fucking tantrum because there was a wrong sign for a fucking jar of nuts.
Go drop dead you fat faggot fuck.
becasue they're the reason we have to keep wagecucking nutill late 30s to afford a fucking house, the basic needfuck emThey will soon start dying, all the gold they keep, the houses, properties will drop in value, FUCK EM, I hate stupid millenials believe me, but boomers are 10x worse, stupid fucks, had it easy from the beginning till the endFuck em
answer me.
genx, confirm
atleast those millenials will be inheriting those pieces of property worth xMillions of dollars.
Consider yourselves lucky.
>tfw millenial but raised by single mother>tfw she never owned a home, we bounced from apartment to apartment>tfw I'm now a millionaire but still harbor latent jealousy towards people my age who I know will inherit tons of wealth just for breathing>many of you in this thread consider yourselves 'poor/middle class' but still will be inheriting real estate that will have appreciated massively from now wew
A) They wrecked America with financial mismanagement (the mortgage crisis), living beyond their means, and outsourcing laborB) They left a more difficult environment for their offspring, and yet expect them to be the same or more successful than them.C) They lived during the easiest era in American history to become rich, and yet still complain.
Exactly this.
could not have been put better.
No we won't inherit shit because they keep taking out more loans backed by their house in order to fund their lavish lifestyles.It's fucked.
They are ultraconsumerists to the core.
It's not even normal for boomers to cosign loans for a first house for their child, let alone have a fund set aside to help them get started in life when they move out, or not have to take on debt to study.Boomer parents would rather take 2 super expensive vacations a year and buy 2 thousand dollar vacuum cleaners and a bunch of other useless crap.
I fucking hate them and their "you have to make your own way in life that's what's best for you my son" while eating up their mortgage on imported expensive caviar, expensive restaurant visits and going to the goddamn spa and getting massaged by chad.Meanwhile housing prices are skyhigh because of the massive loans they are able to make and we can't enter the housing market.Banks, the government and boomers.
The unholy trinity that fucked millenials in the ass with a spiky mace.
thisI just want all of them to fucking die in pain
Bow down to your millennial overlords or be erased.
If you have less than 21 BTC you will be a slave.
Until late 30's?Im from spain and current wages wouldn't allow me to ever paid a decent propery.Luckily I got 21 BTC so I will rule all over them in the next 5 to 10 years.
Will buy a lambo and a nice house with a pool and go back to my highschool on my laptop while I tell everyone to kill themselves.
one day i park truck and tell him lets chill for a biI guarantee you weren't riding around in some truck with a Boomer, kid.
The term "Baby Boomer" refers to a specific generation, not to EVERY PERSON older than your dumb should-have-been-aborted ass.That you got fired from a city job tells us everything we need to know about you, snowflake.
Get used to the view from your mom's basement ... it's gonna be yours for a long time.
Yeah I'm very lucky with my Boomer parents (62 and 67).
They've got typically cuck Boomer attitudes to politics but in terms of family life they're old school and have supported me and siblings whenever we've needed it if we fell on hard times in adulthood.
We also know we'll be getting a similar inheritance to what they themselves received from our (Greatest generation) grandparents.
I'm a lot luckier than many who've been cursed with worthless selfish cunt Boomers for parents who are doing their best to piss away any inheritance and doing nothing to help their kids as they struggle with far tougher economic/social/family situation than they ever faced.
tfw I'm now a millionaireFuck off retard.
You can put it all on BTC right now and be richer than everyone you know.
JOOZ DID ITKnow how I know you're dumb and poor?
They wrecked AmericaYeah, the American economy is terrible despite have years of growing GDP, far above-average wages, and robust equity markets.
ITS WRECKED!>They left a more difficult environment for their offspringMore difficult, or perhaps, you're just a lazy cunt unwilling to handle the same degree of difficulty as every other generation before you?
When Boomers wanted to find a job, they walked from business to business, resume in hand.
You cunts find jobs by pushing internet buttons while eating tendies cooked by your upstairs parents.>They lived during the easiest era in American history to become richRight, it's not like they had to deal with war, runway inflation, industrialization, urbanization, unionization, global instability, market inefficiencies, xenophopbia, and multiple energy crises.
The Millennials have had it much ROUGHER!For fucks sake...
4344083Grandpa you forgot your medicine, and you arent supposed to be on the internet at this hour.
how do you not know what gen x is?
at this hourOh god, and you're a eurofag too.
Literally garbage human.
He was a filthy boomer so old he couldn't even really see thats why i would always drive and laugh at his child like tantrums, i made 60k last year at 22
Gen Z is full of faggots who pay to watch other people play video games.
You all should be shot.
The caddy at the country club lose one of your clubs?
that ineffectual boomer ragedon't have a heart attack
Fucking brainlet missed the joke
going on the internet and lyingIs your life really that sad?Tissue?Not really a rebuttal, kid.
Thanks for playing.implying I'm a boomerYou really are a dumb fuck, huh?
>huur all boomers are evil The fuck is up with this literal sjw faggot mentality Get the fuck out of here you sooky little bitches.
The real reason you can't get a job is because you're a lazy neet fuck and smell like stale dick cheese
They had a hand in everything from destroying marriage with the Sexual Revolution, to Feminism, to allowing and even helping Marxism take root in academia, media, and politics.
The Marxism and Bolshevism we see coming to fruition now.If they had devoted that energy to ending the Federal Reserve (the privately owned bank that we're somehow in debt to because they tell us to print currency and then pay it back to them with interest one day even though the government can do that itself) we would not be in this mire.
But they were busy getting high and fucking strangers in the mud at Woodstock.
They were the original #YOLO generation.This "debt" is mostly their debt, and many of them will live long enough to reap what they've sown.
The recovery since '08 has been entirely superficial, smoke and mirrors of the Federal Reserve.
The next crash will be all of that and far more.Every new generation is a steward, whose foremost task is to preserve the integrity and sustainability of the Nation.
If one generation shirks their duty, the next will be handicapped in their ability to fulfill theirs, until finally there is nothing left to conserve, nothing to uphold, no sense of ancestral and cultural heritage and pride, no fundamental purpose and meaning.
Only a glib, sneering submission to the temporal and carnal.This is such a precarious continuity and vital struggle, that if only one generation forgets both the past and the future, all is lost.The United States is already dead, and has been for decades.
Everything we see now is only the bloating, the rot, and the parasites.
Now we have our own struggle, our own burden on the horizon, which is to create something new, yet still built on the foundation upon which the old structure was, before it was set ablaze in worship of hedonism and base mammalian indulgence.
It falls upon our shoulders to create a New Byzantium.
Bro, a 16 year old can become a millionaire within a year just from buying fake Internet money A 16 year old boomer would have been busting his ass 12 hours a day 6 days a week just to earn a standard wageThese people are so fucking deluded.
We indeed have it better than anyone other time in human history but these subhuman pieces of shit are too stupid to take advantage of the countless opportunities presented to them.
Everyone who cries about muh boomers ruined the country is a burden on society and should just kill themselves
Hating boomers is sjw mentality>Even though boomers are the cause of extreme feminism???
Yes.
Hating boomers started with the permanently unemployed Tumblr crowd.
They vote for unlimited immigration of third worlders so they can sell their houses for 10x gains.
Jews are doing their usual Jew thing, the Boomers are outright traitors.
>oh no we're gonna run out of money for our huge Ponzi scheme>I know!
Let's import the 3rd world to bolster the tax base even though it will destroy social cohesion and cause a rise in crime which we don't have to deal with because we live in gated enclaves
What will you do when you run out of excuses for why your life is so shitty?
Kill yourself?Do us all a favor, and remember its down the road, not across the street.
Yeah, the American economy is terrible despite have years of growing GDP, far above-average wages, and robust equity markets.
ITS WRECKED!The U.S is precariously perched.
The recovery since 2008 is entirely superficial, the result of Federal Reserve mischief.>using xenophobia unironically
Boomer wrongdoing denierFull defense mode
You're whiny, therefore all systemic exploitation of your generation is trivial and you should kill yourself for talking about itOK
Bro, a 16 year old can become a millionaire within a year just from buying fake Internet money Crypto has shittier odds than gambling.>A 16 year old boomer would have been busting his ass 12 hours a day 6 days a week just to earn a standard wageLie.
Motherfuckers paid for college (back when it was worth it) working part time and had money to spare.
$1 in 1970 was worth $6.50 today.
holding greedy old faggots accountable is whiningClassic Boomerposting.
Boomers are the quintessential "I fucked everything up and that's ok, but mentioning it is wrong, now shut the fuck up and support Israel because I'm older than you or something" generation.
Crypto has shittier odds than gambling.That's actually not true because on average all coins are increasing in value due to total crypto marketcap increasing from more people buying in from the outside.
Average crypto hodler got 10x gains over the last year.
And then it was manipulated by random fucks on Discord and hardcore Chinamen.
>Average crypto hodler got 10x gains over the last year.source
the result of Federal Reserve mischiefYou mean QE?
The policy that stopped in 2014?You morons make it so easy to mock you.
You really should stay in your safe spaces.buzzwork non-responseEurocuck shill modeThere's always been an exploitive quality to capitalism, and no one denies it.
And yes, the young bear it disproportionately.
And still, the economic, social, and societal benefits MASSIVELY outweigh the harms, especially for the young -- who are abused far more in other societies.I'm perfectly capable of debating this rationally.
It's only because of the ubiquitous proliferation of whining that the kys responses become necessary.
Your world view is wrong because it lacks a factual basis, not because I'm rude to some trolls on the internet.
Use your brain.greedy old faggotsJesus, could you be more transparent, cuck?
"Gimme money" is not a political philosophy ... it's your rationalization for your failed life.
Middle class:>have fewer kids because its cheaper>wait the economy might slow down...>imports loads of third world immigrants to inflate their housing value because burned savings on gadgets lol>now can retire at 65 with 30 years on ssi and house equity to pay for African migrant nurse>low IQ violent monkeys inherit their grandparents societyPoor class:>come from a family of drug abusers/sociopath>become addict and don't have kids>"OD" (suicide) between 35-50
You mean QE?
The policy that stopped in 2014?>he thinks the effects of monetary policy stop when the policy stops>he thinks this gargantuan motherfuck of a system is not propped up by printing, borrowing, theft, and assorted other bullshit
Says the cuck who relies on "muh fed manipulation" conspiracy theories.
Fucking hilarious....
Time for bed gramps ill put on some Gilmore girls for you
https://coinmarketcap.com/charts/Entire marketcap went up more than 10x.You're right that many people got jewed into getting much less than 10x by schemers.
Time for bedYou eurofags really need to stop all the squatting.
It's draining the blood from your already feeble brains.>doesn't even know the difference between Gilmore Girls and Golden Girlskek

Go back to facebook.
Millenial here, I want to agree with your hate so much because most boomers are both in positions of power and ignorance.Your whole "mememe they fucked us and the environment" is bull though; this is not something they decided or knew about collectively.
Also: What are you doing for the environment and future generations besides wasting energy by gambling ponzicoins?
Yeah, Golden Girls is actually entertaining to watch.As for the OP, because they are a generation of hypocrites.
They ushered in Rock and Roll and the Beatles and all that(parents just don't get it man!
), but are among the first to complain about any music from outside their generation.
(I don't know what kids see in this rap/techno/whatever).
They grew up in an era of the government throwing money at people, and the era where minimum wage was at it's most worth, and all that wealth wasn't enough so they encouraged a destruction of US factories so they could hire less workers and get cheaper products.
And after a long life of enjoying the highest level of wealth the US has ever experienced, they demand nice and comfy retirements and pensions that are bankrupting entire state governments, financially ruining future generations just so their last 10-20 years of life will be just as cushy as the rest were.
sheeeeit that's pretty fuckin cool, thanks.
Saved.
are among the first to complain about any music from outside their generationJesus, you're a moron.
This is what the Boomers' parents were saying back in 1904:"Never has youth been exposed to such dangers of both perversion and arrest as in our own land and day.
Increasing urban life with its temptations, prematurities, sedentary occupations, and passive stimuli just when an active life is most needed, early emancipation and a lessening sense for both duty and discipline...."How about what the Boomer's great, great, great, grandparents were saying back in 1695:"...
I find by sad Experience how the Towns and Streets are filled with lewd wicked Children, and many Children as they have played about the Streets have been heard to curse and swear and call one another Nick-names, and it would grieve ones Heart to hear what bawdy and filthy Communications proceeds from the Mouths of such..."Or how about back in the 11th century:“The young people of today think of nothing but themselves.
They have no respect for their parents or old age.
They are impatient of all restraint.
They talk as if they alone know everything and what passes for wisdom in us foolishness in them.
As for the girls, they are foolish and immodest and unwomanly in speech, behavior, and dress.”Or all the way back to the birth of jesus:“Our young men have grown slothful.
There is not a single honorable occupation for which they will toil night and day.
They sing and dance and grow effeminate and curl their hair and learn womanish tricks of speech; they are as languid as women and deck themselves out with unbecoming ornaments.
Without strength, without energy, they add nothing during life to the gifts with which they were born — then they complain of their lot.”EVERY older generation shits on their kid's tastes in everything.
THROUGHOUT ALL OF FUCKING HISTORY.
Crack a book sometime, snowflake.
They lived through the most prosperous time in American history and still didn't save up enough for retirement, essentially gang raping future generations and guaranteeing the USA loses its status as the only world super power.
didn't save up enough for retirementIn many cases, it wasn't their fault that the companies who promised them pensions went bankrupt.
Unlike you and your parents, most Boomers didn't even have the option to use 401ks or IRAs.
relying on pensionsBoomers are weak.
You seem desperate for a Gotcha.
The whole hippy movement, the entire push for understanding and tolerance of things you don't understand or agree with, that is what the entire boomer generation built their identity around.
If you can't see the hypocrisy in defining yourself as being more open-minded than your parents and then behaving exactly as they did, then you just might be a boomer yourself.
Or retarded.
No, instead they had pensions offered, and wouldn't work for a company that didn't promise one.
And now they are being asked to contribute as much as the younger generations and are outraged by it.If boomers are so innocent, can you explain why they fight so hard to protect social security when it's proven to give less benefits per money contributed the later you are born?
I mean, they couldn't be trying to protect a government program that is mostly benefiting them and will do nothing for younger generations out of greed, right?
You just sound stupid when you post stuff like that.
Pensions were the predominant form of retirement savings/financing for hundreds of years.
They predate modern bankruptcy laws.Blaming Boomers for having pensions is like blaming you faggots for buying iphones.
I KNOW WHAT I GOT
hippy movementHippies were about 1% of boomers, dumbass.
Stop painting with a broad brush when you don't even know the basic facts.>hypocrisy Your reading comprehension (or intelligence) is literally garbage.
I made an entire post proving the historical hypocrisy of older generations.
Fuck, man, I don't even....>now they are being asked to contributeYou do know that most Boomers are well past the age of retirement savings, right?
Do you even know what age Boomers are?>can you explain why they fight so hard to protect social securityPeople fighting to protect something that benefits them.
I'm shocked, SHOCKED!I'm just going to have to ignore you.
You're too stupid for 4chan, and that's a first.
blaming you faggots for buying iphones.And anyone who buys an iphone DESERVES to be blamed and shamed.
I have no argument, so I'll just throw insults.I knew that back when you were throwing buzzwords around, I thought that was part of the joke?
Meanwhile housing prices are skyhigh because of the massive loans they are able to make and we can't enter the housing market.just rent and save until they all die and real estate comes crashing down
Gen Z reporting in!
Death to millenials, boomers, and gen X!
if you've actually been in cryptos for a full year, then only making 10x is child's play.
All you stupid baby boomers millenials need to die.
Working do hard for Mr shekelstein and wagecucking when all you had to do was buy bitcoin in 2013.
Gen Z here with millions in the bank and a McMansion and fucking hoes day and night.
And I was born to middle class parents with literally a silver spoon in my mouth.
All you fucks.
Hope you all die in debt while I live off my investments and celebrate never having to work a day in my life.
My dad watches 2 episodes of The Big Bang theory every night.
He watches it so much he’s seen every episode multiple times but I don’t think he even remembers it when an episode airs that he’s already seen.
I’m really at a loss why he likes it so much.
4346994Social security is a pension plan I hope you know.When was social security established?1935Baby boomers were the first generation that grew up paying into social security their whole lives and many people made that their only source of retirement income.401ks were made to combat this reliance on social security.
unionizationYeah, it was really hard to be a worker when your job was actually secure, amirite
Gimme money" is not a political philosophy ... it's your rationalization for your failed lifeBoomer economics was literally entirely social democratic gibs.
That's your system, not ours
mommy mommy give me tendies be they crispy or from wendies
Gen Z pretending they aren't huge faggots
I'm just reading the thread for laughs but if you think the recovery in 08 was legit and everything is OK now then you are in for a nasty shock within the next two years.
Harry potter is a millennial thing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JCeOf2q6_TAGET OUT GET OUT GET OUT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
implying that's not how i earned my millionswew lad
You're too good for this world.
I hope you make it in crypto.
You literally grew up slave to all the social media shit that millenials made.
assorted other bullshitPsst, like TDA accounts?
It's just to escape the extensional pain.
It's why most normalfags watch TV - to escape from themselves.
pajeet detected.
Social security is a pension planNo it's not.
A pension plan is a contractual arrangement, while social security is a benefit program passed by Congress.
Also, you don't pay into a pension plan, at least not the type that the Boomers relied upon.
The original pension plan was a defined benefit plan, not a defined contribution plan or other type of more modern variation.
The pension was simply a benefit for working at the company.ks were made to combat this reliance on social securityDebatable, and certainly more false than true.
401k's had as much, if not more, to do with pension abuse and defaults than anything related to social security.
Why do you think 401k's are ONLY offered by employers but the employer is not permitted to be the custodian of the account?
I'll give you a 5/10 for effort, but your facts are just wrong.Yeah, it was really hard to be a worker when your job was actually secure, amiriteUnless you didn't get into the union, in which case you didn't get the job.
Period.Cuts both ways, and Boomers had to navigate those rocks.
Not to mention all the labor strife that accompanied unions in the first place.
Shitty times, and you're an idiot for glamorizing them.A.
I already said I'm not a Boomer, dipshit.
Lrn2read.B.
You literally made the dumbest statement in this entire retarded thread.
Congrats.f you think the recovery in 08 was legit and everything is OK now then you are in for a nasty shock within the next two years.Yeah, you faggots have been saying that every six months since 2009.
How about you give it a rest, moron?
You just sound like a putz, and everyone laughs at you.
I like how you completely ignore this post  and only carry on about economics.
Typical boomer asshole that could care less that his country has degraded into being unrecognizable to what the founders and vast majority of American leaders intended.
Millennial here with BTC in 5 years i will be rich
B) They left a more difficult environment for their offspring, and yet expect them to be the same or more successful than them.This is what I don't get.
They don't understand that their success was due to the economy THEIR parents left for them.
So they leave a fucked up economy for their children and wonder why their children aren't as successful.
Boomers are so detached from reality that they believe they can do whatever the fuck they want without it having any negative (or positive) effect on future generations.
They believe that each successive generation naturally has it better than the previous generation, as though each generation exists in some sort of cultural and economic vacuum.
And they won't admit otherwise as doing so would completely undermine their own opinion of themselves as hardworking and of millennials as lazy.
my tax dollars go towards interest paid to the fed for printing moneythe zeitgeist movies aren't a real source dude
Spain Lucky you don't live here in Venezuela with these fucking socialists.
only carry on about economicsYeah, fucking CRAZY that I would talk about economics on /biz/.
What nutty thing will I do next?Go back to /pol/ faggot.
the policy that stopped in 2014Let me know when interest rates go above 0.00001% so we actually know how much a house is worthOh wait it will be 0.00001% foreverBecause "robust equity markets" must be maintained, and corrections should be mitigated using tax dollarsBoomer economics everyone