I tried to withdraw a small amount of btc as a test of transfer time.Its been an hour, still haven't got 1 confirmation.How long is this going to take me?
i need to get withdrawals done in the next couple of hours so i can get funds to my account before the weekend.I fucking hate bittrex, but i should of fucking used bittrex
they jewed me didn;t they..
seriously i should get a block confirmation after an hour right?
goys?
How long does a btc confirmation take?Why the fuck is it taking more than an hour?Is there anywhere i can check status of withdrawal on hitbtc?
it hasn;t disappeared from my balance, even after clicking the confirm withdrawal linkguys im fucking stressed here i have to get funds into my account by the weekend.
Its a life and death situation.
Dude, if you have a txid, it's because of the bitcoin network, post txid
Using BTC as a currencyLOL come on goy, BTC is a 'store of value', not a currency.
You have to wait up to 2 weeks to move your BTC and pay a hefty amount of shekels to do so.But remember to keep buying at the top of this ponzi and dump on the next goy as soon as you can make a nice profit.
same here, waiting for withdraw of my ETH for 2 hours, other currencies like XMR or DASH got out pretty quickly
i waited more than 8 hours to get coin withdrawed.
they send coin only when pump ended into spiraling dump.they started ((("upgrading"))) having server ((("problems"))) when bittrex opened trading (0.06 on bittrex 0.012 on hitbtc)but now when you can't sell your coins at high price and pump is over.... we finished ((("upgrading"))).
people say that its not the first time they do this.
so beware.... scam exchange robbed me out of profits
* 8 hours of seening how amazing price is on rexwhile they crashed withdraws right when i got my withdraw confirmation letter.
No, i have no idea where to find it.
HitBTC might actually have employees manually approve pending withdrawals, and if so you may have to wait until business hours in whatever country it's based in.
I don't know anything about HitBTC but Binance was like this in the beginning.
You mongoloid twat, i had to swap my ETH for BTC to cash out to my bank account to pay my rent.
I'm going to be homeless i can't get this sorted out.Deposited eth no problem
4484189I am not trading/withdrawing BTG.I dont give a fuck about any coin except BTC.i want to withdraw my btc not btg.
well they turned off all withdrawals and deposits for long time....whole deposits/withdrawals page was getting errors / main balance was showing zeroes.
Even if its processed manually, the amount i withdrew should still immediately disappear from my account and it hasn;t.or else i could just go buy more coins..
so you are telling me all withdrawals are down?
and how long have they been down?someone else said they moved XMR / DASH with no issues
looks like they did not wanted us to buy more cheap btg or move it out.i'm sure they just arbitraged the fuck out of our funds.... cause exchange part was working
they was down for at least 8 hours (conveniently robbed me out of my profit) ... maybe now they working again.
but i don't really care at this point.
by down i mean withdrawals/deposits page was basically disabled.
works for me, but as i said.... i submitted a withdrawal and funds weren't taken from mount account but i did receive a verification email.Does this mean it failed?
look at latest transactions at the bottom of account tab
Thanks.
Theres a RED X on it.
Means it's failed and you need to make withdraw again
why the fuck have i got 500 tron / TRX ?
where did this come from i didn't buy it.. did bitcoin fork again?
Now its saying invalid token when i click on the withdrawal link.
FUCK.can i try again or do i need to wait 1 hour for the other link to expire
tried a fresh transaction and it said 'an error occurred, try again later'aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaafear of mtgox is real
i got same error actually.... invalid token onefor me they eventually withdrawed without me even receiving new email... or making new withdrawal.maybe cause i was asking in chat to let me withdraw my coins..... maybe not....they banned many people from chat permanently for just naming other exchange or some minor things like that today.