.
No.
red ID and BTC $17K by 12/31/17screencap for the lulz at nocoiners
well, shit
vtc $30 eoycheck these digits and ID colour
No.
Green ID and NEO $100 EOY
well, shiti will save you my friend!red ID and BTC $17K by 12/31/17screencap for the lulz at nocoiners
4270156JUST
fuck, i tried bro
but i don't care about USD or BTC value.
Notice how everyone is euphoric on alts atm.
For christ sake mate, trading isnt that hard.The people who bought btc to get b2x already sold.
BTC is still above 7k.
This is the last chance to sell your bags and minimize your altcoin losses and get on the train because we are heading to 10k.
this.
i only want to accumulate more of my alts.
i only use btc and usd price swings because that's all the exchanges offer.
personally, I wish all trading pairs would be with digibyte, dogecoin or xvg.
much faster transactions would allow me to transfer funds form one exchange to another to take advantage of trading opportunities.
the way it is right now sucks.
I hipe the shitty investment funds take over bitcoin and regulate it, so it will stop being traded on exchanges and they have to find a new pair.
fuck this shitty shitcoin that is btc.
show and crappy.
poopcoin.
pee pee poo poo coin.
just get outta the way already.
why are exchanges so shitty and don't offer any to any trading pairs?
cryptopia at least offers many trading pairs with dogecoin.
implying whales aren't about eat the krill
deluded bitcoiners, this shit will dump gradually in the following days.
its only bouncing up a little because of buy orders that havent been pulled because people are still expecting the fork to end in Nov 16.check the charts since the segwit2x announcement and you'll see that its true.
4270423gonna be hilarious when buttcoin dumps and all of the pink wojaks cry out in unison
ehmr-green id and BTC is 11k by EOTY
this guy gets itthanks braj.
i think we're still good
either way alts will dump....
no they wont, stop coping.
cant you see what is happening right now kek.
I can see what your advice is irrelevant.
better look towards a promising coins such as Diamond (DMD) diamond info.github.io
all inhttps://discord.gg/K6Y3njR
4270192>>well, shit>i will save you my friend!>red ID and BTC $17K by 12/31/17>screencap for the lulz at nocoinersi got you guys!red ID and BTC $17K by 12/31/17screencap for the lulz at nocoiners
lol the magic isn't on our side
1 rupee has been deposited in your wallet
Nope.jpeg
FUCKING PUKE COLOR....BTC IS SICK AND DYING
Literally the opposite is happening.
Whales are selling, but there's so many buyers that the value stays the same.
Lower highs and lower lows since the cancellation announcement faggot.
Like i said, buyers that have left their sell orders until Nov 16 and whales keeping the price from dumping until they cash out.
Did you even check the chart?
>the been riding the BTC pump all the way>yesterday put it all back into altsFor those of you holding your BTC, don't worry I'll write to you from the moon
I've been saying it for months now.... for you people new here listen to me.
It's all about accumulating btc.
Stop chasing alts hoping for x1000.
Could it happen, yes but the odds are against you.
Take your 25 to 50 percent gains, rinse and repeat, and grow your btc stack.
Also, btc will hit 10k by end of year.
Check my id for red or number for dubs I guess, it doesnt really matter.
no way, vtc $20 eoy checked
finna make some ez gainsred ID and BTC $17K by 12/31/17screencap for the lulz at nocoiners
42702624271692Stop before you cause a crash.
Its time for alts now.
Bitcoin is gonna dip further.Only reason op made this post is because he is missing out on crypto gains.
Well the gains will keep on coming you'll see.
ID GREEN BITCOIN 100K EOYENJOY (also screencap)
No black ID and bitcoin 500k by december
Are you the guy who said to buy Ark until the wallet release and then buy Salt?
Red ID and crypto is gay
dat compression of time>dat logarithmic growthwe 10k eoy, 100k eo2020
4270245pink ID and dubs says BTC under $2k by EOY
green id and I'll put a timestamp sharpie in my bum
Green ID and flippening
I AM WARNING YOU ALL TO GET THE FUCK OUT OF ALTS RIGHT NOW AND BACK INTO BTC
lower high and lower lows faggot, get out of BTC now.
ID purplekI1lBTC 600$ by 2018TKN 5$ by tonight
wowo you suck faggot
FUCK YO BITCOIN!
I know you fags hate money but if you don't sell BTC now you're legit retarded
Asians pumping Bitcoin.
I think alt's are in for a rude awakening when BTC actually starts moving upwards again
Are you retards too dumb to see that BTC short pumps are designed to give whales a higher sell price when they dump this shit on you.
That's why in a month it's gonna be $10k?
Fuck off idiot lol
Why deos this pepe looks like a dick?
It's not Asians, it's Bitfinexhttps://www.reddit.com/r/btc/comments/7bt5xb/tether_issued_another_20_million_usdt_tokens_as/
Link will save us all
I have never heard of this coin
I've screencapped to laugh at you when it's 5k.
Gl being poor faggot