How the fuck do we scale now?
Serious concern.
There is no plan, short of Bitcoin cash.
bitcoin doesn't need to scale.
Ethereum is solving that problem
This.Buy Ethereum and develop with alts.
That's the way it was supposed to be.
There's no reason to buy Bitcoin anymore except as the medium to get other coins and for slow growth over time (like gold), which is what it should be.
Off-chain.On chain scaling is a total waste of time and effort see satoshidice
You just have to pay higher fees, simple.
You can't fucking only scale "off-chain".
Even if people opened 2 LN channels a year with bitcoin as world currency you would still need 128mb+ blocks.
bitcoin doesn't need to be good at anythingbitcoin is the first, it's rare collectible.
The price will go up indefinitely even if it's shit compared to many alts.
bitcoin doesn't have to scale you mongwhat do you think, bitcoin is going to be used to buy coffee or something.
KEK.
bitcoin is for 1%er offshore purchases
shut up faggot nigger
You can separate the blockchain so you don't download the whole thing for people using computers.
But anyone with a server can easily download 128mb blocks.
Scaling On-Chain is very easy, its just not being done.
Ethereum :D overpriced shitcoin....The future are Side or Childchains!
And plasma doesnt even exist yet.Ardor is leading in scaling and solving blockchain bloat.
Real businesses are already adopting Child Chains on Ardor.
No meme coins like 99% of ERC20 tokens...Ethereum peaked and will be replaced.
Potentially by Ardor.
Read your comment wrong, ignore my reply.
On-Chain scaling is remarkably easy, see 
i dont have ardor bags btw
bitcoin is made to buy lambo's not coffee

schnorr signaturemimblewimblelightning network
This is nonsense.
ETH will now continue to take over market share.
It's already ahead by transaction volume lol
it;s already ahead in blockchain size and centralization.
we are here for the long term your 14 year old twat.
ETH will be gone in 5 years, as well as all the other ICO scams
second layer solutions (LN, etc.)
4252810its another "the first to a new sector surely will never die" episodehave you seen IBM recently?
(((hubs)))
Bitcoin is>digital gold>a store of value>crypto's reserve currencyIt doesn't need any improvement whatsoever.It just needs to go to the moooooon and make everybody filthy rich.That's all there is to it, really.
kek