Why is getting a gf harder than making a million dollars?
What kind of fucked up world is this.
I have 730k at 25 years old and no gf in sight.
My buddy has 3k to his name and is drowning in pussy.WE ARE THE PROBLEM.
4441022You guys are looking at the wrong place.
Did the money just suddenly jump out from behind a tree, sucked you off and after it was your faithful but sometimes dominant, virgin wife?
Because you can inherit money, but not gf.
4441022As a brainlet that is able to get a girlfriend, I wish I was in your position and could make big money instead.
Grass isn't greener on the other side.
4441022this.if you are drowning in pussy you arent productive.
when you are dry as fuck you do crazy shit, like gamble or something to make up for missing out.
especially for 10 years.
Fuck hookers man one will stuck wiht you ones she knows your loaded.they always look for a white knight beta milk cow
You're probably ugly and insufferably autistic.
I thought I could deal with negative qualities if I had a rich bf, but nope, money doesn't even matter enough to live with that shit.
Especially if you can live comfortably already.
Maybe go 3rd world?
Can you, give us an example of what autistic guys do that you dont like?
If you don't like autistic guys, maybe you should marry and breed young ?Ah no i forgot, autism is because vaccines :DDDDDDDDDDD
Especially if you can live comfortably already.Thats the key here, there are two kinds of women for rich "autists"- well of women without self respect who wan't the status/power/fame - not so much the money- broke women (Walmart cashier etc)
Okay in my case the guy I was with literally did not give a fuck if I was alive or not if I didn't initiate conversations / dates etc.
I actually tested to see how long he would go without contact, lasted like 3 weeks before I gave in.
I talk to him about it and he would continue to do the same thing.
Then when I broke up with him he became completely insane and wouldn't leave me alone.
that is weird; Im autistic myself, and honestly it was the complete opposite.
I would text girl everyday and send her anime girl pics, but as ssoon as i realized it was not going to work, i completely cut them off.guess my point is, i always thought autistic men would be clingy and dependent; not the other way around.
That guy was fucking other girls on the side.
The unsecure betas in this thread (me included ) would shower you in attention and would probably want to fuck like rabbits.
You seem pretty dense tho.
Plz, the loan sharks are about to cut my dick off :( any amount will help14zWua6cikY4JCDpNParGtorFW8G2Nro9M
For normal people it is easier to get a girlfriend, the problem is that most people here ain't normal.
>gf
http://bestcashjob.com/?refer=6459
the problem is that most people here ain't normal.Nah, the problem here is that a lot of people are too lazy to make any attempt to better themselves.
It is easier to wallow in self-pity and blame literally everything else but themselves.Self-improvement is hard, and acknowledging the need for self-improvement can be even harder.For all you guys complaining you can't get a gf: There are a number of reasons that prevent you from being attractive to women.
Make a list of those reasons, and identify which ones you can fix.
Work on fixing each of them in turn, and in a few months you will be wondering why you ever had any problem in this area.Shit, I'm a 6/10 at best, not rich, probably as partially autistic as some of you, and I never have a problem.
I should start a consultancy for you rich lonely virgins.
Pay me in BTC/ETH/REQ/LINK and I'll be your romance coach.
Then when your portfolio explodes you can have a real woman next to you in the lambo, instead of your anime body pillow.
ill give you 10 k LINK if you get me asian girlfriend
No, he would hardly leave his house.
He in no way had the capability to be seeing other girls as well.
Then when your portfolio explodes you can have a real woman next to you in the lambo, instead of your anime body pillow.Not having an anime pillow besides me in my lambo would make all this pointless though.
its not lolmoney is much more competitive than dating
you can just buy a gf anyway
Just sell me one of your gf's, do you accept NEO?
No but that would be pretty hot.
That's not autism, that's more like narcissism or sociopathy or some other form of antisocial personality disorder.
I know because I'm largely the same and I'm a diagnosed sociopath.
this is what i'm doing right now.
it took me a long time to acknowledge my faults, but i'm slowly coming around
You should invest in your personality
But if you're a cute little girl, getting both will be 100x much easier.
Harder for you.
There is literally 1 millonaire for every 25000 guys with a gf
>tfw very well off compared to other people around my age>tfw kissless hugless virgin literally only using crypto to kill time, but i sure as hell would prefer a qt gf than stare at dumb charts all day