https://omniexplorer.info/lookuptx.aspx?txid=1fb018be89426bd12a8360cc63b0fb97ab99fa91dc0c878a5b4a409590c7163e30 million tether issued 1 hour ago.Bitfinex is issuing now 20/30/50 million tether every single fucking day, sometimes 2 times in a row in the same day.BTC isnt winning boys, I dont know what will happen but they turned BTC in the biggest ponzi scheme/bubble ever made in crypto.Prove: https://omniexplorer.info/default.aspx?filter=grantIm not touching btc/tether with a fucking stick.
This will implode anytime, anyday.What a fucking disaster.
To know a single company like Bitfinex could ruin it all by themselves, also they are issuing x10 what they used to issue since the Bitcoin Cash surge and pump to 2800$, what the hell.How much time can they keep with this fraud?
I'm leaving everything in $BCH, to be honest I dont like it at all but whoever doesnt want to see the end of this scene is just blind, a fool, or a paid fudder/shill.Remember this post.
Fake money eleveating fake prices dont sustain for long .
how does bitfinex explain this
HE'S BACKSAGED
USD printed each day: 560millionhttps://www.treasury.gov/resource-center/faqs/Currency/Pages/edu_faq_currency_production.aspxMuh 30mil tether
They dont, nobody talks about it and they got the bank that is backing Tether in Thailand.
Fucking Thailand.This picture is the tether issued from 1 month ago, take in account they issued near 300 millions in the last month that doesnt appear in the picture.
They are issuing every time more.
WE'RE SO FUCKING DONE...
THIS MARKET WILL COLLAPSE AND CRUSH EVERY SINGLE ALT (with a few exceptions).
CAN WE EVEN RECOVER FROM THIS?
It does make sense, though...
I mean, why would a shitcoin like BTC ever pump, without fake fraudulent "tethered" tokens?
What kind of dump animal would buy such a waste of digital tulips?
What if was just someone that bought a lot of bitcoin?
This argument is retarded.USD have a value limit that was a deal north america had after second world war with the rest of europe.
It can't go under certain limit cause inflation, educate yourself.Also "IF ONE OF THE MOST USED COINS IN THE HISTORY CAN PRINT 560 MILLIONS, BITCOIN CAN TOO".
Roflmao.
Get ready to get ur ass broken,
It isnt, I'm gave you proves in the first post, you can check the issuing usdt wallet and check how the pumps ARE EVER fitting the tether issues.
fuxking brainlet.
value gets created out of thin air to magically pump bitcoin.
has zero to do with the usd.
investors into btc at this point can get seriously fucked and burnt
bump for awareness
I really dont agree, for example, i use bittrex.
and use tether.
So when i sell any coin (btc, bch or any other else) i receive tether.
for each USD on USDT.
So they replace USD for USDT, do you really think they are creating coin?
or they are selling tokens?
because it's diferent.
here.
4412010I think you don't get it.
It doesn't matter if USD or USDT value gets created out of thin air when the exchange rate is 1:1If the FED prints a shitload and then people go and buy bitcoin with that money is not much different from finex creating USDT and buying bitcoins with it.Your're blindly trusting that this shit has value.
Think about it like this: it's not bitcoin gaining value, it's USD losing value against bitcoin.
4412060 dude u are delusional.
Look at this picture.
if u dont get whats happening u are just a brainlet
Yap.. that's it.. in a lot of traders you cannot choose, they use USDT (tether), but they are replacing it for USD, so it's quite possible to 30000 USDT per day or even more.
Im genuinely curious to know why you think either of these situations are okay
It's wrong that they must have 1 USD for 1 Tether.
This is not how fractional reserve banking works:https://www.investopedia.com/terms/f/fractionalreservebanking.asp>Banks with assets of less than $110.2 million but more than $15.2 million have a 3% reserve requirement, and those banks with over $110.2 million in assets have a 10% reserve requirement.
Tethers are tainted with laundered funds from BTC-e.
It's only a matter of time before they get a taste of extraordinary rendition.
Should i gtfo btc
It's exclusive right for banks not for fuckin cuck company tether.
Tether will be closed and BTC will free fall because normies don't want to believe we are on bitfinex ponzi scheme
the problem with that is a dollar is legal tender.
You cannot redeem USDT for anything.
You can only sell it to some other chump.
Well, they have a bank in thailand that issues the money for them?
Man... calm down.. Everytrhing is gonna blow someday?
Yes of course..
It happened with stocks market, with banking... it will happen in here.. it's called a huge market correction!
It will happen.
but it happens in every place, so deal with it.
and get along.
im very scared of the tether thing but this graph doesnt look thqat much doom and gloom.....most issuance was done at tops and during dips, never at the actual dip.
so people sell at tops, we get more tether.....they wait it out, once the trend resumes they buy back in...What would be really worrisome would be if they were issuing more usdt at the dips..only dip where they were issuing tether was during the china panic, but i dont find it hard to believe that there were tons of people selling into usdt during that phase because it really was total panic.as more fiat enters crypto, and as crypto growws, it seems pretty "normal" there will be also more tether issued..... oh dont know.....i still dont like it
They did, but with fake money.
literally fudding tether to make btc crash.you know whats despicable about this?
if you fud tether we have nowhere to hedge when btc crashes.you will ruin the lives of countless people and probably cause suicides just so you can profit by fudding.tether is legit and you are actually legitimately evil.
every time we talk tether someone trys to shill this.
YOU DON"T HAVE TO SPEND TETHER THE SECOND YOU CREATE IT.
When Bitfinex says btc/usd pair they really mean usdt???
Wtf mate really?
cope
.05 tether has been deposited into your account
4412181you guys are fucking idiots you want to kill the market over a conspiracy panic that has no basis in reality seeing as tethers operations are 100% legit.
explain please, how is that a counter-argument to my argument (seriously, didnt understand your point?
tethers operations are 100% legit.
no basis in realityAlmost a billion tether has been createdNo audits have happened.
Nobody knows if Tether is legitimate or not.
Bitfinex doesn't even have a fucking bank servicing it anymore.If the market dies, it wont be our fault.
It will be Tethers.
not even true.there has been audits.
you must be seriously evil to want to crash btc and leave people no way to get out of it destroying their entire savings.what youre doing, this kind of fud is illegal in the united states too.
there has been auditssource me a third party audit and ill send you an eth
why would i want your eth if you're about to kill the whole crypto market because some old guy is paying you to do so.
https://tether.to/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/Final-Tether-Consulting-Report-9-15-17_Redacted.pdf0xfd6C71F8821894Da8c789Ac7cE92777ac9ca9828Thanks
no.https://medium.com/@bitfinexed/the-so-called-tether-audit-that-isnt-an-audit-at-all-5a40cfcc2a75
get rekt by 
Hey, I was asked for a third party audit in return for 1 eth.
That's what I provided.
Don't you realise it's all one retard that's making all these tether conspiracies?It's not an audit, it's more like a proof of reserves.
It shows they have the cash.If finex wanted to make free money they would just edit numbers in their database, why the fuck would they print it on the blockchain for all to see?
were looking at a possible mt.gox 2.0
Hey pajeet, learn how to spell
Are you literally insane?
You can edge in actual USD or EUR in most semi-respectable exchanges.
You can edge in BCH, ETH, XMR...
There's so many options.
FUDing anti-tether discoveries because you want Bitcoin to climb is one thing, but actually holding USDT is downright retarded.
And what if you're on a legit exchange like gdax that uses usd rather than usdt?
more like mt gox 10.0
OP is an absolute moron.