m tethers and counting
Sorry, looked at the wrong column.
I meant 644 million bitfinexbuxJesus christ.
meanwhile at bitfinex
explain to me how this tether works.
how is newly created currency issued?
why does the amount go up?
https://twitter.com/Bitfinexed
Not to worry they hold all the equivalent usd in a bank.
Ignore the part where no banks will work with them
yfw over 65% of crypto fags on twitter agreed that is was a fraud and the poll creator deleted the post.
they have all the moneyThey can't prove it though, and when they've been called out they provided a half ass excuse for an email.
In addition the "audit" carried out had an addendum saying that it proves nothing, is not really an aduit and is only accurate as a snapshot....it is all going to fucking burn
My personal fear is that someone in the US treasury department is going to see bitfinex printing these dollars-but-not-dollars and move to ban crypto outright for inflating the money supply.
>from around the period where they lost their banking: "we do not expect the supply of tethers to increase substantially...">months pass>over and over they do things like YESTERDAY WHEN THEY CREATED 60 MILLION NEW TETHERSready your anuses /biz/
They can't ban crypto.
However they can ban tether and put bitfinex employees in jail for money laundering since tether is centralized.Eventually bitfinex will print so many tethers that it will be greater than their marketcap supplies and at that point it'd be obvious to everyone that they can't be redeemed.
And then BCH will devour BTC.Or will bch inflate itself into being worthless first?
The race is on.
From the Tether TOS:"There is no contractual right or other right or legal claim against us to redeem or exchange your Tethers for money.
We do not guarantee any right of redemption or exchange of Tethers by us for money.
There is no guarantee against losses when you buy, trade, sell, or redeem Tethers."
Nah guys they get proffesionally audited there is a real note in a vault somewhere for every tether!At least thats what they say....Also lol they have a disclaimer for tethers saying that they are not at fault if you cannot redeem them for real dollarsHMMM RLY MAEKS U THINK
when fiat gets fiated>fractional reserve exchanges
What exactly is a tether and why is it bad?
i dont care about if its good or not as an investment.
just tell me how it works at a basic level
It's a coin linked to USD.
It's bad because some company keeps minting more and more and trading them for real crypto, eventually it's doing to drop to 0.Tether TOS:"There is no contractual right or other right or legal claim against us to redeem or exchange your Tethers for money.
We do not guarantee any right of redemption or exchange of Tethers by us for money.
There is no guarantee against losses when you buy, trade, sell, or redeem Tethers."
its just used to ride out volatility in the crypto market.
supply keeps going up because of ((expansionary)) money policy in countries.
4434120The problem is that its value can't be trusted.
One day it's going to be worth $0.
Make sure you're not holding it when that happens.
how is new tether issued?
do they just print it and sell it directly?
The press a few buttons and create as much as they want.
A single company has 100% control on mining new tether.
We know.This and bitconnect will cause the next bear market whatever
4434161yeah they prob do all sorts of bs.
it's FED/CIA/IDF subversion for sure.
4434178The best part is where they use the newly minted tether to wash trade on bitfinex and pump the values of the coins listed there.
Every cryptocurrency that's listed on bitfinex is going to experience a major crash when this scheme collapses.BTC, ETH, IOTA, OMG, NEO, all of them.
Why do you think it has anything to do with FED/CIA/IDF?It's going to be the next gox
If tether pops quite a few exchanges will fold, big pressure will be put on thoes responsible (including anyone who has dealt in teathers) from government (just look at pirateat40 and that was fucking ages ago) and the whole crypto market will crash.
well right so then how is it issued?
do you buy new tether from them or is it distributed to current holders?
ez cash grab.
fucking genius
They issue the tether to themselves then use it to buy crypto on exchanges.
well i still dont get it then.
how is buying tether an investment if the price doesnt go up, and you dont get any more
No one knows, and no one will know until after the eventual court case
It actually is an impressive crypto grab.
They made a new crypto, convinced people it was worth $1usd per coin, and they're trading it as fast as they can.
Since they can always mint more instantly they never run out, and people keep trading for it.
im speculating1.
crypto represents real danger to currencies (long run)2. ez money (short run)
Bitfinex has lost all it's banking contracts and can't move usd around, so they magiced up teather as a substitute
pump price of a coin with your fake dollars>the coins you acquired with your fake dollars is now worth more>issue more fake dollars because you have "the backing">repeat
It's definitely possible, totally the kinda they they would do.
However I think it's just as plausible it's a company trying to get as much easy money as they can.
4434285but people say you can "invest" in tether.how is it an investment for me?
the price does not go up.
why would anyone buy tether?
bitconnect doesn't matter, it's just stupid normies.
that coin isn't even tradeable
The idea is you trade between tether and a crypto, say btc, and use the fluctuating price to profit.For example BTC recently corrected from $7900 to $5500.
If you sold at $7900 and bought at $5500 you would have made a nice profit, and you could easily do that using tethers.
The risk is though tethers aren't backed by anything and they're centrally controlled/minted at will.
At least most cryptos have a limited supply and a public blockchain.
yea if occams razor is applied then its prob just a couple of neets.
fun to believe in conspiracy theories tho.when i talk to normies, they're all scared of entering crypto.
but crypto market keeps inflating.
really activates those almonds.
tether is at over half a billion dollars.
What impact will a crash have on BTC?
I can't see it falling more than 50%...
oh okay.
why do that over just fiat as an investor?
kek, no, tether is NOT an investment, it's literally a placeholder for real dollars, or at least, that's what they want you to think.
speed b/c real money is gained/lost in a matter of seconds
why is a placeholder for dollars better than just dollars as a quick way to exit a market before reentering?
taxes and legal regulations
oh, as in liquidity perhaps?
i could see that.
sorry, im not a trader, if its not obvious.
im just long holding an investment.
thanks for explaining thus far
alright cool.
thanks.
If I go USDT to USD am I not taxed?
The longer this goes on the worse the crash is going to be.Definitely the next Gox.
that's crypto to fiat so yes you're taxed everywhere.usdt to btc and vice versa is not for non-burgers.
it is a meme that crypto-crypto trading saves you from any tax obligation.
but if you enjoy being raped to death in prison by all means keep believing that