Did /biz/ lie to me?
Was Chainlink a scam after all?
No.
Just buy more to offset your losses.
No, it's just too early to buy.
I sold my 65k link and will buy back after the market settles.
The floor keeps getting lower and lower
lmao soo many retards on biz lmao
What I been doing.
Averaging down makes me feel comfy again.
This is what I’m doing too.
Stop making fun.
hi newfag
 Javascript> Parser
lmao
Oh linkies.
What would the world of cryptocurrencies be without you?
What do, we owe the honour.
The promise of Link seemed promising at first.
The premise of 'rent free' was surely innovative and ahead of its time.
But, as time showed us, this coin was nothing more than a pump and dump that inadvertently created the most deranged community of bag holders known to man.
A community that incessantly screeches "rent free" whenever they feel threatened, which is very common.
To be a linkie is to be deranged.
Having lost everything, whether it be your house, marriage, wife's sons college money or life-savings surely takes a toll on the mental serenity of a linkie's mind.
Slight threats critiquing the developers of Chainlink sets the common linkie into a state of neurosis that can only be cured by euthanasia or the eventual revaluing of this godforsaken currency.
However, once the price reaches 10 cents, the value will continue falling.
This crash will be catalyzed by the fact that thousands of wallets will be lost as a mass suicide of linkies, causing the price to dip even further.
Don't be deranged, don't be a linkie.
i keep seeing this anime bitch here.
what anime is she from?
I wanna fap to her.
It's not worth a damn cent.
Every Linux distrobution on the planet has the the tools to make ChainLink API parser built in.
Ask any programmer about Python's Jason module.python -c 'import json; json.loads(["toilet", "seat"])'Basic tools already have Jason built in.
ChainLink has innovated nothing.
refers to JSON as jason
kek
I told you Link Lunatics in every thread for weeks to get out and buy BQX, this is just this weekend with my spare change from what I made off the NEO pump.
It’s not to late this coin will be $10 by mid 2018