JUST A VERGEN GIRLLIVING IN A JUSTED WORLD

JUST A SHITTY GOYWHO THOUGHT VERGE WOULD BE SUGOI
I want to sell and move to BLOCKnet and XST, but that means I would have Bought high and sold low.Should I follow the /biz/ motto?
if its your main hodl you might as well an hero, or sell 70% i doubt its going above 130 again
Upon further research, it's a scam.
Just sell for a loss.
I just sold at a loss of 0.0001 BTC.
Could have been much worse.
Could be the final nail in the coffin of this shitcoin not delivering on another failed promise.
Get out.
lol people actually fell for this
I'm literally all in on blocknet
Yep.
Feelsbadman but at least I'm out with minimal damage.
bought at 96 sats>sold at 130 sats>mfw
bought at 128>can sell at 96
stay away from this shitcoin, the team is a joke (countdown page, didn't deliver at d day, interview on shittiest youtube channel, etc)
Ugh I feel bad leaving.
I'll hold a bag but I'm moving 90% out
Yep.
This.
And apparently they've done this with every milestone this year including their wallet and other shit.
And if you dig even deeper they literally copy code from Monero to keep their development going and seemingly up-to-date.It's a total scam shitcoin.
How did you find all this out?How do research coins so I don't get fucked again?
Not to mention Wraith isnt even finished at all
I mean if I knew I'd be doing way better.
Most of my gains have come from BTC.
10% of my altcoin picks have kept me even on the other 90% of shitcoins.
:/
Well it's ""finished"" in that the preliminary code copied from Monero has been successfully integrated but yeah they basically completely 180'd on their stance of>It'll be ready on day xto>It'll be rolled out in interations over the coming weekslikely to be>It'll be continuously integrated (as we steal Monero's code) over months/years
>buy @80 sat>sell @130 sat>repeatI love this shitcoin.
This is the real lead dev's twitter:https://mobile.twitter.com/justinvendetta
jesus christ, to be bamboozled by a fag like that
Ika-chan a cute.
A CUTE.
Glad to see you upheld your promise and posted again today.
You still in Verge bud?
yeahi'll try to make this thread every day until XVG moons
Lol just hold.
I bought at 130 kek.I tho for sure ir was going to 150 but nah.
Wait for the wraith meme and try to cut losses there, not now.
Let's hope so.
I wanna get off skellies wild ride.
Although I'm guessing I'll be seeing this thread a ton more.
Hodling since 36sat we are the vergens