The (((crash))) is clearly over.
lolololwhen will people not understand the difference between a crash and a pump and dump and a flippening.
What is this
just got rid of my BCH, fuck off Roger
I CAN tell the difference and that's why I didn't buy bch
this guy gets itbut you could have bought low and sold high and stacked up on some satoshis
implying its not all 3
somebody post the satoshi vision chart meme pls
No anon it has only just begun
pic related, cash is flowing out of BTC in BCH like wildfire.
Lol this is the Core shill meetup thread?What are we going to do with all these k bags, GENTLEMEN?Fucking Jihan, amirite lol
BTC always do that you retarded newcoiner.7500--- are the next steps of the fractal.
BTC goes down but bch hoes up?>huys i listend and im loosing money on THE KING"I believe in core but i>JUST
This.
Finally someone who isn't retarded on here.
Enjoy your yacht Anon
kek we actually got this brainlet to believe it
>mfw I bought BTC at 6770 and will resell at $7,000+ in a day or two
Fuck should I buy back into bitcoin now its so fucking hard to tell if it will keep crashing or not holy fuck my balls
I know it's tempting to be a poor fag.
I know BIZ retards love being dumb.
Wait until 6k for rebuy.
overKeep telling yourself that all the way to 5000 faggot
what the fuck it's realhow?!
It's over dipshit
if it get's back there
not waiting until it hits 5900 tomorrow to buyyou really are this stupid arent you
Yeah you are probably right.
I just got some more BTC and dumped in straight into alts because im a fucking retard for hodling more btc at this value.My orignal plan was level headed and rational like yours but when the volatility starts flying my hands are getting shaky this is my first time flipping coins.
I flipped some BCH and made some sweet gains for the first time ever im normally just a BTC hodler since june
Sorry, I'm not as marxist.
I don't listen in your retarded economic predictions.
>check btc price todayHURR IT'S NEVER GOING TO DIP.
>IT'S GOING STRAIGHT TO 10K, >IT CAN ONLY GO UP BRO.
>NEW PARADIGM.you fuckers don't get it.
there ALWAYS a dip
If ID green bitcoin one million
ONE MILLIONyenCONFIRMEDin 2020