So which one do we think it is, /biz/, SLC or POWR?
recommends bitcoin cash for short term holdFUCK YOU EGGHEAD
PowrIm on their super secret Tele, but dont tell anyone yet
said he is meeting with them in Lisbon, Portugal>slr confirmed not going to portugal>powr at web summit 2.0 in Lisbon, PortugalIt's all but confirmed at this point.
It's low now too.
Good time to buy
WHEN is the announcement
People claiming solar are just trying to pump and dump it, it’s 100% powr perfect timing with Bittrex listing because he shills his followers on Bittrex coins
Can someone tell me what is going on ?Also THIS
pbc releases their monthly issue every 3rd thursday of the month.
That was fake news
Only hiccup I have is that SLR has strong ties with MITI guess a 50/50 hedge with SLR and POWR would be a safe trade option
This picture alone shows you all you need to know, is it the coin with 50 million in volume today or the coin with 1.5 million lol I feel bad for whoever bought solar
Should i sell my Vert to buy that shit ?
It's POWR AMA also confirmed talks with Elon Musk.Can't wait until all these Tesla solar roofs run using power ledger.
It's gonna be huuuugge
Post screenshots of the AMA
Bump come on guys i need newsThis could be HUGE
If you hate money I wouldn’t sell
Last time it was between syscoin and xrp, I called xrp and you faggots laughed.This time it's syscoin because very big steps are taken in development.
You will see.
POWR to the moon
Right I'm in on POWR.Don't fuck me over Aussies.
It's real I got the email
We laughed because it was fucking zen and you were wrong, faggot.
http://palmbeachgroup.com/buy-alert-bitcoin-cash-bch/what were you saying Sandeep?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W6gUBrMCLPk
who gives a sheet what this pajeet is shilling?
go buy confido...they just said on twitter new exchange to be announced this week.
buying a scamcoin with 1 developer and a fake ass low market cap kekyes, it's going to $1 this week so you'll make a comfy 3x
just went all in .
HODL LMAO solid dev team and nice site
Just talked with Teeka, the Coin is TokenCard.
Moon confimed.
Pretty sure it was actually STORJ
Shit man actually hope it IS TKN I've had a bag of these for ages.
just some relevant information for you guys, pbc is issuing there next newsletter on Monday.
Not Thursday this month.
https://bittox.com/2017/11/13/leaked-palm-beach-confidential-november-edition/
its RCN.
100%
what is this palmbeachconfidential shit everybody is talking about ?
https://bittox.com/2017/11/13/leaked-palm-beach-confidential-november-edition/STORJ fucking Pajeets
You can still get in below 900
good job, bro.
i went all in the last time we figured out it was zencash too and i made 2x.
i'm going all in on powr this time as well and hoping for another 2x.
smart money is buying these coins BEFORE the issue is released.
that's the graph from last month.
It's now, and you missed 900
Trying to send BTC from Coinbase to Bittrex, fee is 11 fucking dollars.
What the fuck is going on?
send lite coin
its SOLAR, Their co-founder is giving a speech at Web Summit 2.0 on IOT devices and tech
FAKE
FAKE
these gains are real
How long will hold Powr for?
EGGGG
Based on a FAKE newsletter.
Storj was a pick in April.
No need to recommend a coin that was already recommended.
I'm happy if she moons, don't care whyPost predicts 16th, so atleast 2 days of mooning left
hold at least until thursday
I DON'T HAVE LITECOIN AND I CAN'T SWAP THE BTC FOR LITE ON COINBASE AAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
we need a movie were a guy learns indian from bollywood movies and travels to bollywood to become a famous star
Quite sure it will be STORJ, screenshot this ;-)
SNC is the only true solar coin.
The rest can suck my dick.
is that why the chart says the second of november?
It's POWR.
Last chance to get in below 1000
I must literally hate money, right?
In this case that would make me a masochist
Storj was the April pick.
A new coin is picked every month, so it won't be Storj again.
I don't care at all.
Just saying it is FAKE.
Use gdaxx
I'm all for pumping and dumping, but at least edit the dates in the shilling materials.
This is just lazy.