Pretty obvious where this is heading...
Deluded Arkie
firm downtrend, so yes it is very obvious
Yesh back to 40-45k range to sit there doing nothing again for another 3 weeks
rock solid at $3 for like ever?
shifting valuation inverse to BTC?
Here's a tip on ARK, buy every time it dips below $3, sell every time it goes above $3.20.
It happens like clockwork.
Its not, do you not see those 2 sharp down spikes?
Ark seems to be going 30k sats, not even joking
Zoom out morons
No the drop was one massive stop limit sell the second it breached under 39k it took out like 10btc of buys orders or something all the way down to 35k

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9k9FMGp7oGU
God I want that spike.
I'm being patient.
I-it's gonna happen cus the chart says so!!
im too retarded to use my brain
Sold all but 50,000 ARKs for this NEO pump holding all weekend and going back into ARK, expect ARK to jump back up Monday when us Whales move into it and BQX
AAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHGHHHHHH PLEASE MOMMY MAKE IT GO UP.
WHY DO THE BAD MEN SELL?
MOMMY PLEEEEEEEEASEEEEEEEEE
Let's say that in 2 weeks Bitcoin corrects downwards a grand or two and Ark's sat price rises, as seems to be the trend with Ark and alts generally.Pre-correction, I buy $500 of BTC but it's so much more expensive that I get way fewer sats.
Even though Ark's sat price is low, I have fewer sats to spend.Post-correction, I buy $500 of BTC and get more sats, since the BTC price is low.
Ark's sat price is higher, but I have more sats to spend.Wouldn't it more or less equal out?
bump
he doesnt remember the july bear marketI feel sorry for newcoiners
Correct, I only entered in September.
What bearing does July have on this?
Help please.
We came of the back of a massive Alt run and anyone who held through it got fucked.
It was around about that time that the Digimarines became a thing.
Ark did pretty well through the July bear market though.
Just looked at the graphs, didn't recover until August, which is practically a decade later in crypto-time.
My bad.