If anyone has the investment info it's fckin billionaire Gary Vee.
Also Roger Ver publicly stated he sold his bitcoin for Ethereum and BCH.video of Gary V quote: https://youtu.be/dgiGsSp_6n4
Also Roger Ver publicly stated he sold his bitcoin for Ethereum and BCH.In a Tweet entirely used to help promote BCH
correction he's a millionaire in the hundreds of millions.
How is Ethereum not doomed from scandals and mismanagement at this point?
whatever people are getting to excited about it it's just an alt and btc is btc because the core devs say it is - on this side note tho is btc centralized by the developers the way that bch is centralized by the miners?
my parents have been telling me to sell for 6 months because of Mark CubanTHE RICH ARE ALWAYS RIGHT
Gary is a smart guy who's always looking towards the future.
Surprised he only put in 25k in 2014.
If someone makes a website that gets hack because they failed to create it securely do you say down with the internet?
Ethereum is not someone's miswritten contract it is the bottom layer like the internet (HTTP) is the bottom layer for coding in html and other languages.
Yeah but isn't the main issue with that miswritten contract that no one could have written it better than they did and it STILL fucking sucked, therefore showing Eth to be fundamentally flawed?
gary vee is a gay jewboy
I don't think so.
However I heard the contract security sector will be big if there's a standout company providing a service that can make these probs a thing of the past.
It's still early, since look at the first iteration of the amazon website and what it looks like now for example.
http://cdn2.hubspot.net/hub/53/file-603265424-png/Amazon_Then_and_Now.png?t=1395770056000
people who are a little smarter are on the ethereum levelNigga pls
Gary Vee>Guy turns family business into large online wine shop and sells out at a huge premium to some suckers.
>With the media attention he gets, he creates a business of advocating self help and telling companies to get on Facebook.>Reddit thinks he's some sort of business genius when all he does it push trends & convinces people to overpay for shitI'm not saying he doesn't deserve his money, but his target audience is not too bright.
He offers no new insight besides showing the how powerful marketing can be & that you should follow trends because you can cash out even if they don't materialize, and just dump your bags on others.