Why arent you copping this shit up?Actual listing on the 15th but the team listed it earlier, to trade it you need to do it under a contract address.Once its actually listed this will blow tf up.
If you always ask yourself "why do I never get in early?"
now's your chance faggots.ASTRO is a dividend earning token run by Picolo Research, who will invest the funds raised in the ico in new icos and crypto ventures.
Token holders will share a quarterly dividend of 50% of profits, with 40% being reinvested to increase Astronaut's earning capacity.
Picolo has a proven track record of making high return picks throughout the ico boom so far: ZRX, EVX, LINK, DNT.The best part is, there's only 4 million tokens in circulation, as 46 million were burned after not being sold during ico.
That means more shares earned per coin.
Each coin is currently valued at $1 - the same as ico price.
In December they'll launch their app and pay the first dividend too.
do you have a link for ED?
Where to buy?
4343025https://etherdelta.com/#0x7b22938ca841aa392c93dbb7f4c42178e3d65e88-ETH
Do you know when it will be listed officialy ?
On the 15th
I think these who bought at ico are going to dump on these who buy now
Its still at ICO price so that would be pointless, and even once it gets the official listing that wouldnt be a bold move, looking long term.
Oh look another shitICO being shilled!
at least do some research shitface pajeet https://astronaut.capital/
what was ico price exactly ?
$1 I believe
When were tokens distributed?
I did - p.20 whitepaper says they will be listed on poloniex.
They are a sec token.
Poloniex is us based.
Seems like the team you invest in has no clue.
Read this out loud, then read it again.ASTRO is a dividend earning token run by Picolo Research, who will invest the funds raised in the ico in new icos and crypto ventures.
Token holders will share a quarterly dividend of 50% of profits, with 40% being reinvested to increase Astronaut's earning capacity.
Picolo has a proven track record of making high return picks throughout the ico boom so far: ZRX, EVX, LINK, DNT.
idk all the info is on their website/wallpaper im just here to aware everyone.
website is down for me
Try again in a bit