Post your resume and help each other improve them.
working>ever
fuck breh, if that is not a LARP resume then you are bretty based
>workinglol what just day trade lmao
i don't want neet lifeBecause irl day trading isn't a great way to make a living.
Stop watching movies.>inb4; HURRRRR I MAD 3M LAST YEAR FRUM DAY TRADING!!!
>barely graduated from high school>worked a job flipping burgers>am currently a neet with 200 bucks in cryptoand now i am trying to get a warehouse job.
>resumelol whats it like being a desperate pleb
>tfw need experience to get entry level job>no job to get experience from since I've no relatives that can practice some nepotism for mesucks bros
Apply for an amazon warehouse job.
get experience yourself noobbeen there myself, worked 3 months on creating a website then got an entry level job using that experience
Is it a good idea to get a job thats far a way and also pay like shit just so I can get some kind of experience?
Like the job I'm looking into is about 45mins-1 hour long drive.
The commute will fucking drain you, that shit is so taxing on your mind.
You'll basically have 10hours of your day that you can't dedicate to anything.
haha,nice trygo social engineer somewhere else
So I guess I should keep looking, huh?
nuh uh anon!
jus yesterdah i friggin quintuxpelled muh coins.
i make moar everyday tradin coins den the fecken wagecuckies make in a yer.
>irl lives in a basement off of his parents money and would have made more just hodling BTC than he has ever made by daytrading shitcoins
look for something closer.
I once worked for a year at a job that was 1 hour and 15 minutes away.
It just sucks up so much of your life.
Driving commutes (as opposed to train) are especially draining.
Now I have half an hour commute and even when I work longer hours than at my old job, I somehow am not as exhausted.
Long driving commutes just suck.
I build a top notch resumee over a 3year time span.
I get invited 3-4 times out of 10 applications.
I gotta admit i put a lot of work into it and my career.
3-4 out of 10 is quite good if you put it into perspective, the average guy has 1 invite per 30-40
Fuck you so hard.. what kind of sick sadist would "want" to work at those shitholes?
No one's that desperate.
Prostitution before amazon