That Ark graph looks sexy af, now is your chance to get some under $5 (Nov 15)
What happens on the 15th?
FIAT money flows back into the system, ark was $3.80 a couple days ago
Er... okay... WHY does fiat flow back into the system?
deluded
because that stupid segwit2x.org fork is gonna be over, people/miners will have decided which bitcoin they want or of it dies alltogether and a lot of people are looking for an entry point right now
Amigo, when that happens, BTC will fucking moon like never before and create a new ATH.
AFTER THAT, alts will moon.
Not before....
The youtube interview yesterday revealed to the world the stuttering potheads that run this scam.The current 75% BTC price tank has been offset for the moment in dollar terms, but this is mere child's play compared to the unabated FEAR that is impending upon all Arkies.
The continuous Arkie arsehole twitch is only just beginning.Once this interview gets more than 1k views, Ark is going to plummet through the fucking floor.
The world doesn't take potheads with male pattern baldness and an inability to use a razor blade seriously.
The same goes for Santa Claus peedo lookalikes.
All that's needed is for word to get out, and trust me, it will.
The world WILL see this interview and Ark for the scam that it is.Face it, you got pushed out of an affordable home by the international banking cartel, you were undercut by a pajeet for your job, and your last remaining hope for either of those is going to vanish courtesy of a bunch of stuttering potheads.
Ark is not going to just tank to the floor, it's going to tank THROUGH the fucking floor.
This is going to the largest panic history.The $1.50 resistance is going to be fucking murdered when the BTC price tank follows through into dollars.
Deluded Arkie wagecucking engineering nerds, who sold the family christmas to load up on ARK, are going to define unchartered medical territory: continuous arsehole twitching combined with follow through with the consistency of a 20 year old bleeding radiator.The arsehole twitching will eventually subside once ARK has been removed from all exchanges, and all self respect has been lost.
But from that day forward, deluded Arkies will spend every morning of their remaining wagecucking lives frothing at the mouth and spilling milk everywhere while crying into their cornflakes, before embarking on their hour and a half commute to their wagecucking station.I warned you, Arkies.
There's still time to get out, sell NOW.Remember: DON'T be deluded, DON'T be an Arkie.
Man it better happen after that or in the evening.
I'm still waiting on a usd deposit that is supposed to be ready Nov 15.
Thanks about to buy 300.
holy shit fud harder desu