You guys ever get the feeling that when you buy, a voice goes 'Anon bought.
Dump it now boys'.
I know some NEO Anons are feeling this.
It hit 54k and immediately dumped to 48k
no i have gone to full-on hallucinating the voice and my room warping into an endless pit that i begin falling down while teeka stares down from the light source at the top laughing at me, his bald greasy head glimmering is the last thing i see before snapping back into seeing red candlesit happens every FUCKING time
I have faith that the Chinks will pull NEO across the finish line.
The same with BCH.
I'm buying that one at the dip.
Here's the problem op.
What goes up must come down.
You probably saw it go up and bought.
And now you want it to go higher still?
That's not how it works.
If it goes up it will come down.
So how about buying before it goes up?
You can try this by buying when it's going down.
Buy low and sell high.
I would probably start selling bitcoin and buying bitcoin cash for example.
It really did you know.
You bought at a less than opportune time.
That much is clear.
And the thoughts that someone is watching for your buy is not really that far off.
Someone is indeed watching - not for you specifically but for those like you.
Those who'll buy tops and sell bottoms.
They see your orders in the market and they take them out with precision, watching the order books.
Algorithms do this too.
ive had this sometimes, i would buy a coin that i belive will go up.
but soon as i buy it dips.
and i over invested so im emotionally attached and thinking fuck it ill sell and take my losses.
even tho i believed in its future.
and soon as i sell i got to sleep wake up and boom it went up like 25% just like i predicted it would.
best thing is when u want something buy a little.
this way when it dips u can buy more and not be over invested.
i always get the "anon is asleep, lets pump and dump before he wakes up"
You should take note of the image I just posted.
Volatility is to be expected, the ebb & flow of the market can generally be ignored in the short term.
What matters is long term trends.You weren't wrong in your buy thesis, but you bonked the trade by selling too early.
You were doing great but you ruined it in the end
No way JewCoin and ChinkCoin will both succeed both great buys.
Their respective power interest won't let either shitcoin fail.
this is the BCH dip
Purely for a swing trade.
I sold btc at the top and will be rebuying at 5.5k.
I also bought bitcoin cash earlier today at 0.155.
I know btc is king and BCC is a pump and dump shitcoin but profits is profits
IT'S HAPPENS TO BE IN REVERSEI SELL AND IT GOES UP %20+BUT IT BACK AND IT INSTANTLY DROPS %30-I'M GONA JUST BUY A TRADING BOT