What are they going to do to us?
Solid gains unless you're a nocoiner brainlet
This is what the BCash war game is stress testing for.
They need to know that Bitcoin price cannot be manipulated in any profitable capacity.To this end, global financiers have invested billions of dollars to hire double agents and unwitting dupes into creating the BCash altcoin, and then spamming its moon landing across all social media platforms.They have assessed its ability to manipulate Bitcoin values in the run up to BTC futures.
They have calculated that it would not be possible to fund a successful price manipulation strategy from the profits of a futures trade.
Therefore, Bitcoin futures will start trading by the end of the year, and BCash will be quietly wound down in the coming months.
Not with a bang, but a whimper.
No chance (((they))) just short us into the fucking pavement?
They will sell $4,100 billion of futures.
"But anon," you say "market cap is only $100 billion.
does this mean 410x gAiNz0Rz?
"No.The price only goes up if they have to buy a real BTC.
All theyre doing is trading promises to trade coins
It's cash settlement meaning their long/shorts aren't going to affect the price of bitcoin, rather the price of bitcoin will affect their long/shorts.
So what happens if they're short anon...
The idea is that every long is cancelled out by a short, why on earth anyone would fucking long BTC without actually buying btc is beyond me.
This.
Kek, i dont know why you guys are so bullish about this.
It wont pump the price hard.
What you guys want is an ETF for bitcoin to moon, not this bullshit.
This is what happened to gold and platinum wasnt it?
Ffs, coming and wrecking our game.
I'm doing just fine trading against newfags here, I cant compete with institutions
Futures..
No chance (((they))) just short us into the fucking pavement?If you short something and it goes up, the only thing hitting the pavement is your skull.
4359533>what are futures contracts
this is your average biztard and his immense knowledge of finance and in particular derivatives
I get what this is supposed to be but don't see how it can't impact the BTC price, they can't seriously be going to bet on autist traders from a distance with no influence in our markets?
They will literally be BTFO by our level of retard in the first 5 minutesYeah but these won't be pajeets, they can smash on more selling pressure than our memes can withstand
Memes got a president elected.
Bitcoin has the widest adoption in the industryBitcoiners are basically praying that wallstreet pumps their coin because it has no other use case
This is true, do they know this?
i wonder what their memes will be like
this is what i'm worried about, why the fuck would they pump our worthless internet money
So they are going to sell futures to normies so they take the drago dildo in the ass when BTC finally collapses.
Pretty standard jewery but beautiful nonetheless.
This will allow the mega banks to use their billion dollar supercomputers to robot trade the fuck out of bitcoin.
That's all this is for.
They can't do that with the current shitty bitcoin exchanges.>But futures aren't bitcoin itselfFutures heavily manipulate people's perceptions of assets.
If you think that won't let the mega banks finally have a strong sway on bitcoin pricing now, I don't know what to tell you.
it means buy bch if you want a coin that normies can't short.
the harder a coin is to short the higher the likelihood that it will continue rising.
big money shorting 101
They’re gonna make us fucking rich.Seriously, enough of this “NOO IT’S TOO SOON” and “BANKERS WILL RUIN CRYPTO” shit.
If we want to pass this off as a real asset we need institutional support.
It achieves two things:>prevents wild price flucuations and “”””crashes””””>gets normie public investedCrypto will either be some obscure bullshit that is slowly forgotten about or it will be mainstream.
There isn’t a middle road.
I saw some other article where CME was quoted to basically say they're going to tame BTC's volatility and make it "their bitch".
What does this mean for the price of BTC in December?
Is CME "taming it" going to mean lowering its price?
Making it higher?
You should buy as much BTC and ETH as possible and just HODL, when the institutions come, they will flood the market with money and make us all 5x profit.
Do NOT try daytrading with them, they will just fuck you up, they have computers analysing the graphs and news at all time, not a 23 year old bizfag.
Just HODL and don't try timing the market, don't get greedy.
Probably good advice
You can trade BTC futures already, how is this supposed to be new?
4361527Please respond
link
https://www.cryptocoinsnews.com/taming-bitcoin-price-swings-cme-place-limits-bitcoin-futures/Literally says in the title "Taming BTC price swings".
probably a case of big bankers with lots of capital and trading bots using buy/sell orders to limit the rubber banding price, gonna try and ride the bull and hopefully crack their head open
im 24 tho
You'll be fine daytrading then, keep doing it when the institutiions come.
It means alts are going to run like never before
Fuck those Jews always making shams to get themselves rich.
Sounds like derivative bullshit that's all a house of cards.AAAARRRRGH
how much bit u got m8 we in same age bracket
yeah but they specifically say in the CME interviews that these futures are the step needed before an ETF gets approvedthey're gonna stabilize the price in order to bring institutional money in.. then moon?
doesn't rly make sense idk
Maybe I don't want the normie public invested.
I don't want to turn on the tv and see crying boomers about losing money on bitcoin and how it's time for regulation.
Cuz then we just end up the current stock market.
The sole purpose of derivatives is to take a nice stream of fees out of the investors.
How the eternal boomer can think that is not fucking vape, yet "crypto is a scam" truly eludes me.
Not to mention derivatives is completely gambling.
The derivatives market is 10 times the size of world GDP.
Like, wtf.
4362170Why would anyone trade futures rather than buying real btc?
Are futures cheaper?