Get on the iota boat or miss it forever...Huge announcements coming up next week + https://bittrex.com/bundles/balanceViewModel (search for 'iota' )1$ is just a few days away...
Holy shit it's real
Where the fuck can I buy iota?
Everytime BTC moons and alts go red, IOTA stays green.
But just ignore that and keep shilling link and req
it did last time, it crashed hard as fuck every other time
Binance or Bitfinex
Fuck me.. Not a bad find.Any other coins than IOTA on that?
Oh yeah baby.
Gib them gainz
stay delusional
inshallah brother
I want to believe in IOTA but when the fuck are they going to give the funds back they stole?
I wish idiots like you had no fucking way of getting onto early techYou’ll get your money back you ficking Jew relax
It is going to get much more difficult to gain membership into the GIOTA Club soon.
If you're not in the Club now, wtf are you waiting for?!
It's very comfy in here.
stay poor
Why dont they just say when its coming?
David got high and forgot.
It is being announced 11/22...cap it
C O M F Y
Because they’re BUSY launching an enormous new tech and foundation you absolute mongoloid, don’t ever post here againThey acknowledged they have the iotas, they acknowledged they’ll return it, you’ll get your $10 back don’t worry you utter moron
Trillion or nothing.
That December news is gonna be big, boyo
4451752muh dick
You guys heard of Samsung?
How about Bosch?
4451791That's gonna be extra sweet when iota crashes and burns from incompetence

Currently working for Samsung, they are not moving to using cryptocurrency.
Trillion dollar marketcap is 347 dollar per Miota.
IOT projected to be 16 trillion in 2020.
60 trillion within 15 years.
Just get the fuck in already.
>tfw just sold my last iotas due to bitfinex damage control on twitterfirst sell was their rapefugee reddit rampageoh well, still got a 3x return in fiatgl to you bagholders /biz/bros
i'm in so deep>feeldgoodman.jpg
There a network layer for IoT that they could be using.
The token then comes with, even if it it’s not Samsung’s reason for us it dummy
Im glad you made profits but you really should sell over stupid bullshit dude
I have 10Gi do i need more?
is 10Gi going to make it???
Really should not*
just saw the post on whale calls.
wow.
Trillion dollar marketcap at 10 GI equals 3,000,000 dollars, give or take.
I've got 11.5+ Gi and I'm planning on hodling for at least 5 years.
If you haven't already, buy as much as you can while it's under $1.
Trust me, if you don't buy in now, you are going to regret it.
I've got to wait until December 1st to buy some.
Already used my wagecucking bi weekly crypto allowance.
How long will this stay cheap?
Stop trying to save pajeet.
next week will be some big news, you may catch a dip then since some people "sell the news", but December is supposed to be full of announcement, so the sooner the better.
but it seems like you know that already
this past week's run is leading to bittrex and december news.
telling him to buy then is the height of judaism.
there will be a substantial dip.
everyone buying at this price will sell on bittrex hoping they can buy again lower.
day trading pleb tier amounts, worrying about dips.
keki buy large amounts and hold long term; short term dips do not concern me
Old news fuk bois this shit was on Reddit a week ago
they should though.
a few thousand miota will be a significant amount of money in a year.
true.
fair enough, but my post was not the height of judaism.
either way, they would still benefit.
sounds like you're in too, so we're all going to make it
it's half way up mt.
heebitron.
none of us here make the market for iota or anything else.
you're not benefiting by telling him to buy when it's high.
we're not crabs in a bucket.
haha you missed out, how does it feel?
They announced they would be returning funds on 11/13 and never delivered on it.
If December goes as it looks like, this is the cheaper time.
He's not trying to trick him.
He's trying to help him onboard before what he expects to be a significant rise.
it's half way up mt.
heebitron.topkek, anon.
you're good people
i think significant growth is mostly dependent on the ucl wallet and when the central coordinator goes offline.
what are you expecting in the next few weeks?
That’s exactly what I was saying negroSamsung could be just interested in IOTA as an IoT data protocol...
4451729I'm expecting 90 percent of this years news, anon.
this is my true intention.he makes good points and is witty, so it's all good
Wait a minute...I suddenly got a weird sense of deja vu> gazillion supply coin> gets shilled hard> "will work with da bankz"Samsung!
BMW!
Muh big corps bending over for IOTAs.
AHHHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHHAHAHAHAH
>check balance againCunts.
use your words like a big girl.
what specifically?oh youuu.
It's at .85.
Not a shock at $1 is near.
Now $2 would be worth a post.
Oh boy, it's the coin with the shitty devs.>Had obvious security flaw in code>Called amateur devs by MIT>Ignored most popular questions on AMA about scalability and never answered them
Don't forget useless development team making design decisions that make everything 100000% harder for no reason other than>neva bin dun befo!Shit is a house of cardsWake me up when a real DAG coin gets going though.
Weak FUD.
MIT team had vested interest in Zcash and were founding DAG competitor coin.
It was a smear job.
Weak FUDYea because not being able to scale and not being competent coders is weak FUD.
Not being able to scaleThe fuck are you talking about?
Scaling transactions hasn't been an issue.
you retarded?
4453241You guys should really research a coin you're stupidly dumping money into.
Again, they had an AMA with MULTIPLE questions about tech issues with Iota and they were all ignored, despite being top voted comments.
Here's one of them:"Imagine that each country (195) in the world is running a single IOTA node, and they all produced 1 transaction simultaneously.
One of those transactions goes to you, a merchant in US, in order to pay for a product.
How long should you wait before delivering it?
Well, each one of the other 194 nodes could have double spent that money.
In the best possible scenario where all txs get to all other nodes as fast as physically possible, that'll take 66 ms (about 1 half-Earth-circumference trip on the speed of light).Then, assuming the next layer is unrealistically flawless, we have 98 tips referring to the 195 transactions below, and another 66ms will have passed.
In the best possible scenario, it will take about 530 ms for those txs to be joined in a single tip.
So, to always have a single tip we could handle at most about 2 txs/s.And that's assuming 1 node per country and that the internet propagates packets at light speed in a straight lines (lol).
Just imagine an IOTA scenario with thousands of nodes in every city, all making transactions simultaneously.
It is blatantly obvious what such a thing can't keep a single, or a few tips.
It will have thousands of parallel tips, and a full node will download terabytes worth of data to confirm a transaction you just made.
Again: the only solution for scalability is if you're able to assert that a double spent didn't happen despite not having the whole tangle."
you retarded?
Iota has recently done well, but has not done better than BTC over the longer termProspects for outperforming BTC in the future is purely speculative.
Thanks for sharing, I wasn't aware of this specific technical criticism.I'd like to hear CfB's answer to this.
He is the unicorn of IOTA, arguably one of the most talented developers in the blockchain space.
I'm not worried because 1 of 2 is likely true:: CfB has a solution already : The new foundation will hire talented people to solve this problem.
They have major cashflow right now and are hiring lots of phd engineers, scientists, etc.
Still comfy.
Good job, ignore the issue like your retarded weed smoking devs
Sick burn.
That totally solved all of iotas issues
4453504There are multiple solutions to the scenario above.
What we don't know is which avenue the IOTA devs will take.
The avenue they'll take is b& and ignoreThe coordinator is never going offline.
That's no way to prevent spam otherwise.
Dead in the water
there is a larger game afoot, you're out of your league, son
Why would you prevent spam?
i thought IOTA benefits from spam.
With any investment always perform due diligence.
Obviously, investing in an alpha stage crypto using tangle over block chain is highly speculative.
With that being sad, if IOTA delivers what is promised it will inevitably be top 3 in market cap.
Top 3 for sure.
They are trailblazing a new approach to crypto right now.>smart contracts on IOTA in the future>major industry partnerships>IoT and Industry4.0 pulling IOTA up to the stars