I posted charts on here for both IOTA at 0.49$ and NEO at 33$.
Now OMG is breaking the upper trendline.
Resistances in orange.
today?
tomorrow?right now?
in an hour?
When nigga?
Why should this coin even pump?
?It still has fucking nothing but a whitepaper and a skateboard
Thanks for the tip bro.
Had not been looking at OMG until now
Cryptos are bullish as fuck right now.
Stop being a fundamental investor cuck and start trading trends
shit I almost missed this thanks OP
$ by december>waiting 2 weeks for 20%
You're a dumb fuck Seriously
I sold my omg today for dnt...lol.please don't breakout.
Looking for the breakout later tonight or tomorrow, i will be posting updates on twitter as usual
Are u kidding me?Nothing is fucking bullish apart from bitcoin right now, almost every alt is at lows they haven't seen for months with empty order books
Cryptos are bullish as fuck right now.This isn't May anymore friend.
Only BTC is assured bullish as fuck
BUY under 100k stats or stay poor forever
nothing is fucking bullish apart from bitcoinIOTA, NEO, EOS, ETH, ETC have all seen big percentage gains this week.
forgot my twitterhttps://twitter.com/CryptoSlantcheck them iota, neo, eth breakout calls.
4470269Both NEO and ETH are currently setup to breakout to the upside while BTC is killing it.
The market is looking healthy af, don't know what you fags are looking at
NEOOnly pumped because of rumors of big things for it, which so far have amounted to nothing.
It will continue to bleed down again unless something there changes
Disagree, this is my chart from before the news.
The breakout happened and the news made it smash both targets very easily.
Fundamentals don't mean shit right now.
Look at the chart nigger
Fiat valueOh you're one of those people
why would you trade against BTC when its incredibly bullish.
Ok I put an order for 1k OMG to buy.
This is your one chance to proof alts can be bullish right now.IDC if i lose money because all my alts have bled like 8btc last month but I will come to your twitter to call you a faggot if this flops
I mean looking at dollar value NEO seems fine, but then you look at sats and realize you'd have had more value in just holding BTC
That doesn't make sense, If you are trading percentages.
BTC is up 2% in 24 hours, my targets for this are way above that.
Saw you posted NEO not OMG.
So for example, I made 62% on the final NEO trade.
Them profits have gone straight back into BTC, ETH and a few other alts.
>come on baby do the locomotion
little push more