>bcc takes over btc>normies see this in the news>everyone realizes some one can just make a better coin whenever and fuck over everyone>have to constantly make sure your not holding a shitcoin >trust in holding crypto dies>everyone sells for gold knowing someone won't make gold 2.0>we all lose in the endfuck you faggots
the virgins here cant see this but its obviouscrypto is dead
This desu.Fucking pajeet coins have finally killed crypto
I can't believe /biz/ had the foresight to get into crypto years ago but is so selfish and short sighted they're willing to wreck crypto for momentary gains.
Literal definition of greed.
Maybe we deserve this.
this.
i dont think im going to be buying crypto again desu.
it was a nice try to escape the current banking system and was fun while it lasted.
oh well
Who gives a shit, OP?
I'm still making money on the way up and down.
Kek.
You guys sounded exactly the same when the goyim failed to get suckered by Bancor
Trust is a complicated thing..... People actually do not even have complete trust on things like USD dollar.
Sure, paper currency is far more stable (and trustable) than crypto coins but the world debt is increasing, every world economic crises is thougher than the other and you never know when war would start and make US print more money to pay for another stupid war that they could not afford.I understand your point, crypto will never replace default currencies if its not stable enough, no one wants to go out and discover that bread price increased 30% on the last two hours because some cunt sold 20% of the breadcoin market...
BUT, cryptos are still a good market itself and everyone that deals with it knows that it is a fucking roller coaster.If the stock market and our entire conomic system could exists based on lies and manipulation I believe there is room for crypto, we have our own chinese jews to handle, but well... jews... its nor easy to get rid of them..
Literally this.
If BCC wins, crypto is dead.
it was going to always end up like this is a world with pajeets and chinks.
bcc takes over btc>eth becomes popular >eth it is now the "resilient and safe currency " >most alts already trade with eth>eth new king
Yeah, it will recover though, it was bound to happen eventually, BTC is a shitcoin
I wouldn't mind that, ETH actually can be used to do something else than just trading.
Nobody got fucked over there was an air drop but you retards sold your stack your all dumbasses and your fud sucks eat my cock 80k+ volume suck a cock
4310983Or nobody tells the normies anything except for the "new and improved bitcoin" with faster trasactions times and cheaper fees.Coinbase simply switches out the BTC of users with BCH and nobody will notice anything.
He's right you now?
its another corecuck delusional center-of-the-universe episode
everyone sells for gold knowing someone won't make gold 2.0Science is approaching levels where things resemble magical alchemy.
Who knows what will happen 5 years from now.