Let's take a break from this soggy waffle that is trading and post you battle stations.
Show where you were at the start of this civil war
is that vomit on that plate or...?
Quesadilla, I would of cleaned up before the photoshoot but I'm not a fag
OP>His Thread>His Life
Cryptoboard
Yes I like cheap tasteless beer.
Sue me.
Why the fuck are you looking at Golem?
This be my battle station atm
same thing I am looking at that shit wants to moon lol
Quesadilla, I would of cleaned up before the photoshoot but I'm not a fag
>Wasting your money on unnecessary frivolities.
If your battle station isn't a €200 acer laptop and a wooden desk, you're doing it wrong.
gotta stand up for that blood flow
What's the point of having money then?
I get frugality if you're poor or depend on the next paycheck.
After that point, there's no use of being a cheap bastard.Nobody is going to enjoy all your gains if you die tomorrow.
Is that a Chromebook?
Holy shit dude I think vomit on the plate would have been more appealing
mfw when an acer laptop is part of my battle station
damn that looks fucking good
All paid for with gains.
Natty Ice...canned water
OP!YOUR LAPTOP IS ABOUT TO FALL
youre shitty music producer i bet... im guessing a tweenage wanna-be producer
Holy fuck, you guys really are the armpit of society.
Disgusting desks and living conditions.
Well I'm 31, but you're right about the rest of it.
*would have
Is that baby food?
AJJJJJJJ YOU STOOPID MESSY NIGGR
is that a giant green lego block on the far right of the table???
are those green gay glasses above the 2 monitors u puto??
Bow down in awe.
no way
You're right, that's not mine.
Saved it last time a battlestation thread came up.
Sue me.
Had to get up to take the picture.
Are all those windows GDAX?
or Binance?
A snip
Nga plz
Why is it that in the net worth threads everyone has like 300 dollars, but on the battlestation threads everyone has 3 grand in computer bullshit?
Imagine the state of his insides.
Background related, is where I'll be with ark next year
4350094You fucking faggots with your "le charts" meme.
You aren't Gordon Gekko you autistsThis is hot for like a fraction of a second but then I realise I'd just knock them all the fuck out within like 30 secondslol
Well its an inspiring pic, thanks for bringing it to my attention.
Saved.
Clean up broNatty ice?Clean up anonYour mouse looks awful to usefakeandgaywtf u doin niggamegusta
Bsh plz nga
tfw all I want is 3 asain sluts to beat me up, and then kick me in the nuts until I ejaculate blood then peg me til I pass out from the pain
Get help, anon.
End yourself you worm
Sauce?
literally spend money to lose money, but this is /biz right
literally a squatter using a tethered phone for internert
Finally a pajeet battlestation.
Was wondering when you roaches will show up.
poo / loo
What do u mean what am I doing?
watching AVE videos as I'm waiting to make trades.
I know this feel browhere u at
lol i'm white as the pope's torsojust very marginal lifestyle and all my $ goes into crypto fuck u bourgeois normie!
thinkpad*tips fedora*
4351721hey we all have our fantasies.. you all should live a little
off the grid, deep south, deep paranoiapartly mental illness, partly genuine hatred of society
I know that feel bro but you're posting on the net (4chan no less) you aren't off the grid at all.Anyway, get well soon man.
Go check yourself into a medical place or something bro, that shit just ain't healthy
lol when slugfags don't have sit/stand desks.
cuz poor?
or cuz stupid?
i'm rooting for you bro.
as long as you've got power, hang in there.
My gains are +95552% This year.
I have used Quantum Mechanics combined with Post-Machine Learning to uncover the Hidden Code in the Crypto Markets.
Suck My Ass Low-Level Brainlets.
I am become Code Itself.
Power Overwhelming.
Push that laptop back on the table a little moreFucking madman
Z906?
Good taste anon

Realizing how ghetto this looks for how expensive the components actually are.
Nice choo choo train collection.Faggot.
blocking the left side ports which also serve as air intake
Treadmill desk works as a very nice table for all the junk i throw off of my desk.
Problem with it is that I set up the articulating arm to give me a choice between it and a regular desk and therefore never use it.
Oh and thinkpad #respect
If you have more than one monitor, you are never going to touch a woman.
Sorry.
telling people to clean up>no cable managementNice keyboard tho, what is that?
Hello from Chicago, fellow squater.
https://itsgoingdown.org/not-leaving-chicago-squatters-resist-eviction/
watching AvEMah nigga
See you there
>All these poorfag looking battlestationsWhat the fuck i though you guys actually made money here

vapefag

Hi comrade.
Bless Kara Wild
nice vomit bro
would nut
Who else is /paranoid/
She gets out tomorrow after 18 months of solitary in a French prison
*isolation, not solitary
She's a hero.
I pseudonymously gave to her commissary (well, anyway the fundraiser her people set up).
Neat.
Thanks.
The fundraiser went partly to her commissary, partly to lawyer costs.
yeah man
cool shit very comfy
you are paranoid because you dab
Am trading from a minimum security correctional facility, intend to leave with a quarter mil in crypto :D
free rent>free internet>free gym>nothing but time to learn new shitCheeky bugger
Lol love this
are you fat?
daily ass poundings
Is this by choice or did by LINK?
that only happens if you're gay and weak, but they do have a sign about it right on the door with a rape hotline number
This was my battlestation during the attempted "flippening" was pretty comfy tbqh.
fucking kek good luck anon
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=bHLR3faI7lU
YEAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
I gotta stop :<
thanks breh, too comfy, im developing scoliosis jej
Are those joints next to the gays4?
BASED BLACK MAN BASED
4352046https://www.mwelab.com/builder/Get one of these instead faggot.
Costs like 10k
I too, love lightning.
4352378Is that a Harry Potter flag on your wall?
I too, enjoy windmills.
No m8 they're q-tips, do u even do drugs kid?
Can barely see faggotI did drugs when I was a teen Time to grow up manchild
I'm white
kek death to der juden
i know man, i'm sorry, shit.
Hey whats wrong with ps4 i just got it don't give me buyer's remorse already :[
your actions are african american if you ended up in juvie, nigga
Do you game standing
I realize now that almost everyone on 4chan is fucking white.
occasionally, i find it harder to play shooters but other games would probably be fine.
mainly it's for the time spent working/trading/shitting around