CONFIRMED EOY NEWSHOLD I REPEAT HOLD DO NOT ABANDON YOUR BAGS
You realize he said there was going to be an announcement after Sibos and it was literally just Sergey saying everything went great and they were going to hire people?This is that except we are just going to get news on how the network is coming along great and it will have a late Q1 release.
FUCK GOOD THINGS?
JUST BOUGHT 1MIL
Lol you gotta be a retard to hold this shit while btc goes up 200$ every day breaking ATHs left and right.
my bag is so small I won't sell either way.
doubling down if it goes 50-70% ico
If this rally is in response to this tiny rumor of a rumor just imagine how quickly this is going to moon in response to ACTUAL newsThis is why you don't try to time the market
This is meaningless bullshit to keep people happy There was meant to be news after sibos.. all we got was "we are looking to start hiring people"
old news, man I love how tight lipped the node operators are on this thing, accumulate!
you guys should join the op channel on slack.
Late Q1 release would be absolutely amazing, you realise.
"Bad" news would be 2019, or something.
fucking dumping already before my transaction even had a chance.. there was a fucking 50k buy at 2.1k now its fucking empty order books again
Complete garbage news.
Its literally damage control for the update he released earlier which basically said they have been doing fuck all and have no progress.
There's no rally.
It's Literally one whale trading with himself to keep the price above ico.
He does this every single month, you just don't pay attention.
No one is buying link.
Fuck why did I sell
Why would anyone want to be a node operator?
Enjoy getting charged for fraud once SEC busts Sergey and this scammgets exposed on CNN.
LINK it so I can click the LINK.
nice, just bought 100k
nice pump but link is immune to such trifles.
Sergey is alternating between eating Big Macs and snorting cocaine off of black BBW booty cheeks while Rory is furiously stroking his pencil dick in the corner.
That’s why all his “updates” trying to hide the fact that this project is a complete debacle are riddled with typos.
Steve is the only one trying.
He’s locked away in his moms basement trying to learn GO.
It’s such an obscure and asinine language that he can’t find the documentation he needs.
He’s about to snap.
He keep frantically calling Sergey.
Sergey only texts back, “new phone, who dis” and “32 million solves my oracle problem.” Get out
Have some patience.
It’ll be rewarded.
Big time.
Buying below 20c is a fine entry.
Where is the source to this