You motherfucking employers, you sniveling kikes, why the fuck won't you hire me?!
I've been applying to jobs since I was 19 and it's been 3 years; I still haven't gotten one.
What in the fuck is wrong with you people?
I have literally tried atleast 50 times and you shitheads don't even consider once to call me.
I give you my information, I try to be nice to you, but no you completely ignore me like the assholes you are and I'm left in the dust.
I'm extremely dissatisfied and you're lucky I don't go over to your goddamn business and pummel to a pulp, because I literally wouldI just want one fucking job, is that too much to ask, really, is that TOO MUCH TO ASK?!
Invest in crypto faggot
you're gonna be like that one NEET who posted here a week ago excited about finally getting a job at mcdonalds
You must be hideous or severely disabled.
We need to import more 3rd world migrants who do the jobs that no one wants to do.
Have you tried not being a transexual.
buy some wig, some makeup a dress, say you are a woman and you will have a job without dificulty
I'll give you a job
tfw got a job at 16 moving boxes and cashiering in a departmenst store because my brother told his manager to hire me.
tfw invested all into eth, and now I'm doing uni with enough money to not need to work.
I want to hear an update from that anon.
Dude.
Don't be a wage cuck.
I bought a gun and started a business.
If the business fails and I go homeless, I will just use the gun on my head after maxing out my credit card on whiskey.I worked for 20 years of my life and guess, what?
You get shit on by everyone, even the nice bosses.
Laid off 3 times.
Lied to several timesI got tired of this shit.
Started my own business.
Seems to be doing ok. Less money than what I did working for the man, but I at least can live with self without having to kiss ass of people lording my income over me.
No I'm not, that's the ironic thing about it!Drumpf isn't even helping me find a job, what a jokeWhat?That's retardedDoing what?
You're clearly not lying about work experience or qualifications, and you should be.
Dude, this is what i learned at your age so here you go:A word document including your cv isnt gonna cut it.
Spice it up make it look professional with indesign or something.Take an extra step and make an entertaining video where you apply for the job.If you make a motivational letter focus on what you believe in and how that believe triggers you to do what you do and how the job you are applying too is the solution.This sounds gay and it really is but remember who will be reading your cv and cover letters, lefty HR fags.
Good luck dude
What business am I supposed to start, I don't even know what people need or want hereI mean, how am I supposed to know what's going to make me money?
Well.
You got a computer don't you?
I'm guess since you are probably a NEET?How good is it?
Mine a shit coin or something and then trade it on an exchange.
Yeah.
Its stealing electricity form your parents but obviously they aren't helping.Once you get some money doing that start trading more and more.
But you gotta learn.
You gotta spend hours researching rather than looking at porn all day.
No, fuck it.
I'm tired of appeasing these faggots.
I wanna hear small business anon 
Also do some shit work on Fiverr.comLike those pranks or shilling jobs.
But you havent appeased them, else you would have a job.
Also 50 tries in 3 years?
Come on dude thats 1 per 3 weeks.
Step up your game.
Small business isnt gonna cut it for you since you have no starting capital.
Also you can always pick up trash people leave on the street and sell it on eBay.
Especially old computers, but you got to learn how to repair them.Me.
If I get a working PC that isn't shit, I see if it will run ETHOS on it to mine whatever.
4402208I don't even know about cryptocurrency or /biz/ really, I just go on here to get pissed off because I literally can't get any job.. Maybe you're right, maybe I should invest in it
I have starting capital, my dad is a doctor and gives me money but the problem is that, I don't know how to get more money with that money.
I'm a beginner, lad.
I wish I knew how to make passive financial gains...
I've seen homeless people running their own business.
Dude actually steals those free books and sells them on the street.Also I known pan handlers who were really homeless but they just went to liquor store afterwards and didn't invest.
Get him to give you $1m, put all in vanguard passive funds.
5% after everything a yr, that's 50k, enough to sit around playing vidya for the rest of your life.
Start a computer fixing service.
You can Google 99% of the problems you'll encounter and make a quick buck.
If you have enough money hire students to do the worm for you and eventually sell out
As far as learning, just watch YouTube on shit.
Some of it bad advice (like on 4chan).But to get you started out... Do you have a PC with a NVidia card?
No?
Ask one for christmas.Get NiceHash installed (look up on it on youtube).
Anti-viruses will freak out because it uses the miners that malware uses but as far as i can tell its legit.And then get a Coinbase account.Both NiceHash and Coinbase are the n00b starting points in crypto world.If you want to get advanced, you start using one of those more advanced echanges or ETHOS or even buy dedicated hardware like Antminers (you can find them on ebay).But that's only going to start you...
I can't really teach you how to trade or how to mine or how to use ebay to make money on your own.
You gotta do that and you got to be motivated.Again... That's why I have an out so I get up in the morning and work instead of jacking off to porn all day.
>not having a professional demeanor>blaming everyone but yourself>not seeking out additional skils on the many, many free sites on the internet that can teach you many things>not networkingnever gonna make it bruh
I didn't explain, but NiceHash is a poor man's crypto miner pool.
With this gaming rig on here I can get maybe $1.40 per day... Well I think its more like $4 at current prices, but I haven't checked, but it ads up and if your not paying for electricity then its free money.Of course if you put an antminer s9 in your room, you dad is probaly going to notice.Maybe one of the R1-LTCs can get away with (mabye 2 or 3) but those things only have $0.04 or so (unless LTC moons to $200 or so, then your rich).
He already has it in Vanguard, izcPVo6T, but here's the catch he won't simply give me it once he's dead.
He actually expects me to get a job or go to university but I can't find a job and I don't want to risk getting bad grades in university.
It's funny, I know, I was supposed to be doing something by the time I reached 20 but I have remained a NEET due to speculative decisions I've made and I haven't done anything since.
I have all the resources in the world and can do anything I want but the problem, the problem is making it into a success which is what I am worried about
This is some boomer-tier adviceYou need connections to get a job, anon
Oh hold up.If your dad is paying for university.Then go.Fuck the bad grades.You know how many CEOs were flunkies.
But don't take some dumb ass tier degree in liberal arts.
College is a meme, people with degrees struggle to find jobs as well, so it's literally worthless anyways!!!!
BTW when I was in the working world, I paid someone to write my CV and resume for me.
Had to actually get those people to not lie so much because I didn't want them asking about shit I didn't want to fake know.
I mean even if I got a degree do you really think these faggots would consider hiring me then, I don't think so 2Ph
Just do something you think you'll enjoy rather than something you think will make you successful.
Especially if you have the support of your parents, financially (which it sounds like)I worked in finance in London for years until I really couldn't go on, everytime I got a payrise I just rented a more expensive flat and spent more money.I moved back to my hometown which is cheap and started making wallets to sell on etsy.
They were so shit at first because I didn't practice before selling them.
Even though I put warnings on just page I still got loads of complaints and quality, one woman screamed down the phone at me and told me I ruined her husbands birthday.
I basically refunded about 30 wallets in the first year.
Luckily I had a big pay off from my old company and even though I had loads of nasty reviews left on my page for my shit wallets I got better and now make more simple leather pieces while I learn more and try and get better.Happier than I've ever been in my life and barely scratch enough from the work to cover food.
Luckily own my small place and rent out a room to a friend which helps pay the bills, plus my investment interest doesn't hurt.Anyway yh, I probably won't ever be a billionaire wallet maker, but I feel good when I wake up in the morning everyday of my life
Not if someone else is paying for it!If you take on loans then no.But if you are in college and everything is being paid for, all you need to worry about is making enough money to drink and invest.Also you can get a guaranteed job from fed which you can use to pay the college but you can just use it for whatever the fuck you want if someone else is paying bill.
Not sure if that is changed.
Usually its a job that is like handing out towels at gym or putting back books at library.
It's not worth it, I'm better off trading crypto, if I can learn how to do it.
So I've finally got a job and I'm starting to make a modest income, and I've got around a thousand dollars that I can use and lose if need be.Where should I try and throw it at?
Any suggestions for a newcomer to /biz/ who wants to try and be smart with his investing?
Get a useless degree, get into debt, wage cuck, get married, divorce and then kys.
Pretty standard life progression.
Go on Craigslist general labor and sales and trades for apprenticeshipwatch video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_yI_WClCDiE
self bump
Don’t take any job.Just follow your dreams bro.
he wants to be wageslavelol for real though, nigger when I was getting my starting retail wagekek job I applied to 100 places in a few days.
And most of those I had to walk in.
If you dont hav e job experience on the resume - guess what - lie that you do.
Otherwise noone will ever take a chance on you.
my life and barely scratch enough from the work to cover food.
Luckily own my small place and rent out a room to a friend which helps pay the bills, plus my investment interest doesn't hurt.>Anyway yh, I probably won't ever be a billionaire wallet maker, but I feel good when I wake up in the morning everyday of my lifeYour post needs to be sticked.
Thanks for putting some perspective in this thread and /biz in general
He hasn't lied on his resume yet.
Either become a good liar or know someone that will get you job.
This is not the 1980s where all you needed was a pulse to get a job.