Nobody has been testing IOTA for 2 years.No universities, none of their partners.Because, when MIT researcher/zcash boi, did the research, it took 2 guys 3 days to FUCKING REKT IOTA cryptographical primitives in the ass.The God of Crypto himself, Bruce Scheiner, said they made "rookie mistakes".
Rookie.
Nobody with any skills above rookie, or high-school level, cares to waste time analyzing a horse pile of shit and lies IOTA is.Then look what happens when horse pile of shit is revealed - security researches attacked for researching.God damn shameful.Hope you dont becomce the bagholder of this.
This IOTA scheme is same like BitConnect, just targets IDIOTS.
https://medium.com/@harmvandenbrink/how-elaadnl-built-a-poc-charge-station-running-fully-on-iota-and-iota-only-e16ed4c4d4d5?lipi=urn%3Ali%3Apage%3Ad_flagship3_detail_base%3B9OT8xfFWQxGlFoIXi60hOA%3D%3D&_cldee=bHVjaWVuLm1hcnRpam5AY2VkLmdyb3Vw&recipientid=contact-291e4cffc6bfe711811b70106fa9e131-f1b1ec7ddb1f445db884ef929b6577cb&esid=f29d33f2-beca-e711-811e-70106fa9e131&urlid=7
get a load of this pajeet
The only way this shitcoin will moon is if the developers hire some ACTUAL developers who are experts on cryptocomputernomics.Because when respected academic computer science jerkoffs are saying DLT/tangles aren't viable yet, and the (mostly incompetent) iota developers are saying "but ours works great!
We just need a bigger network so we can activate it!"
you should damn well know who's telling the truth and who isn't.
BREEEEEEEPPPP (pussy fart)
her pussy looks so fine
LMAOIt's not too late, OP ;)
he writes the same FUD on every post ... but he doesnt know anything about IOTA ... you missed the train, right?
;)
They deliberately injected a backdoor so that nobody can copy the project.A BACKDOOR in a financial service.Fucking joke
ITT - Fudder who wants the price to go back down to sub $0.40.Bag holder?
I've doubled my money on this coin in the last 2 weeks.
Byteball is working fine, they didnt attempt to make their own hash AND digital signature scheme - just used same as bitcoin does.Also Byteball doesnt need Coordinator and so on.
ohh good the fud brigade is back, you know what this means you should do biz starts with b ends in y
exactly ;) if the /biz shitboys bring their FUD you need to buy ... if they tell you to buy, you should sell very quickly!
... so easy here ;)
How come everytime an alt is doing good it gets backlash?
No one was talking about IOTA for weeks, and suddenly we have 3 threads about it, just because it went up 30%.Is it sadness that you didn't buy when it was cheaper, or regret that you sold too early?
hey formed little groups ... they hype coins together ... and it looks like they missed the iota train ... they trying to keep the price low for some reason ...look at all the posts ... they buy a token in ico ... then they get the price up on etherdelta ... and then the post the token here, and the guys here fill their sell orders ... its always the same ...
Why not warn fellow bizraelis?Just bc it goes up doesnt mean its flawless.Go to deadcoins.com and remember, or check cmc from 2 years ago.
Who needs working code when your coin is literally blessed by allah?