I own sizeable amounts of crypto in _______.
I know it's a guaranteed moon mission by end of 2018 but I can't fathom the daily checks of blockfolio which are slowly making me insane.I work out and teach myself Russian.
When im bored I shitpost on /biz.
I need a new hobby.Im thinking of getting a PS4 and some games.
Looking at the following:-fallout 4-Nioh-call of duty WW2Any other recommendations?
I don't like online games and enjoy things with replay value.
I kick ass PvP but I don't want to invest too much time into being good and start looking like shit.
RULES OR NATURE
Videogames are for manbabiesF5 on biz if you're bored
So many cross-eyed asians.Inbreeding?
videogames>asian women fuck your mother if you want fuck
Nigga U gay
I'd fuck her but like so many asians, she's cross-eyed.
Inbreeding prolly.
visual novels is the thinking mans gamesyosuga no sora, especially but alsomatsuyuki no hanaimouto paradiseshinigami to shoujotsukihimeare good games
you have to be 18 to post here
Just staring at a very close camera.
EOS?
Persona 5, Nier Automata, Witcher 3
NeinNein nein nein
Join the PC master race.
Play Naval Action.
Runescape is the official /biz/ game
shes so fucking hot omg.
Heres another busty asian
how much btc to have her hold my hand?
Saya no Uta :^)
a man of great taste, i see
wants cod ww2 for the replay value in single playerwut?????
the campaign is like 3 hours long and there's zero replay value.get Bloodborne, Metal Gear Solid V, Hitman, or XCOM 2: War of the Chosen
this
Im fluent in Japanese but I'd never indulge in such degenerate Otaku shit like this.
Divinity original sin 2 baby
I miss cod okay?
I was a beast online...I miss this fps.Bloodborne - too much fantasyMGS - too over the top and too much grrrl powerHitman - the dude is baldXcom - sorry cannot compare to cod
enjoy being a homosexual then
shit I learned from watching merch clans (really oligarchies) in runescape is just like cyrpto irlfml
try HODLFIELD GOODCOMPANY 2
PCLooks boring
No, that's bullshit.
Being close to the lens doesn't move your irises toward the inner canthus.Bitch has cousins for parents.
I bought a ms surface laptop solely to do crypto shit not play vidya
Shut up fag.
You sound like those guys that complain about sharp elbows.
Not saying I wouldn't fuck an inbred like her.But damn japs are some cross-eyed inbreds.Thank fuck for doggy.