Who else here is /comfy/?Know that no matter how many weeks or months it takes, this will be huge in 2018 with their roadmap.The team knows how to deliver.
You shills are a parody of yourselves at this point.
Absolutely delusional trying to shill a shitcoin during the bitcoin revolution.
gross, is that kike a faggot also?
i don't want to contribute to degeneracy.
for bitcoin to 10x from here it would need to exceed 1T market cap for request to 10x it would need to reach 300M.
I think both are possible but the req scenario is more likely and will happen much sooner.
bitcoin is going to at least 30k in the next 6 months before it lets any alts have any room to breathe.
comfy over here
more like hair and no hairim out
Back to /bitcoin redditEither yuuuuuge or a total flop, bought some for the gamble
Any realistic pirce predictions where we will be with the different milestones?
x with each milestone is conservative.
I expect big jump before end of year with the website release.
/biz/ is pretty much always wrong.Ill top that: 2x with the website release and then back to 500 sats when nothing happens
So it wont even x2, because /biz/ is always wrong
comfy?req was shilled nonstop and has cost a lot of us 40%+ in losses plus missed opportunitiesnow look at power ledger...that ico was barely shillednow those fuckers are comfyREQ has ZERO hype other than the biz and reddit loyalists and most of us find it disconcerting
Confirmed x
So you don't believe in a REQ wonder?
power ledger will most likely go down soon.
Everytime a coin with little hype moons like that it starts crashing.
there is no reason for it to moon right now until the product release.
was the ICO poorly timed?
yes.
if youre looking for immediate gains look elsewhere but out of all the alts out there this one looks like the most obvious 10x if you're willing to hold for a few months
power ledger will def tank soon right now its artificially pump up cuz everyone thinks its gonna be on that pajeet scammers palmbeach newsletter
I've learned once you learn about a coin pump on 4chan it's already too late.