>ETH price has been going slightly up and down in the 0.044 BTC range for days>decide to start swing trading it to make some free money>convert all my ETH to BTC>ETH immediately moons to new ATH while BTC drops 2%Next time I'll just go gable my money away at the casino...
you realise what ath means right op?
or are you pinkie posting newcoiner?
I meant in terms of dollar value
Play on easy mode brother
fuck thatas soon as I buy it'll break out downwards or some shit
If price is above purple line (KAMA) and purple line angles up, and the price is riding the top of bollinger band, and the dots (Parabolic SAR) are on the bottom, it's practically guaranteed it will go up.
Just make sure you check between the 5min-4hr, that will give you an idea of how much long term or short term momentum it has going up or down.
When the bollinger band's top and bottom are both curving up and down, it means there is good momentum, when the bottom and top start to curve into each other it means momentum is slowing down.If the KAMA line is going sideways you can try your luck swing trading with the same signals.Also remember that the spinning top candle (small body long wicks on both top and bottom) means a move up or down is imminent, so you want to wait and see before buying in.I hope this helps, works for me.
whats the name of this tool?
if you treat investing like gambling, then it is gamblinglearn to control your impulses and HODL until you get profit.
tradingview.comtechnical indicators are: bollinger bands, Kaufman Moving Average Adaptive (KAMA), and Parabolic SAR
Still not true, it means ALL TIME high, not PAST TWO MONTHS high
If I just held and did not look at the markets over the last 4months my folio would be worth 4 times the BTC its worth now.Should I just kms
I have the opposite problem, I keep hodling past moons like I am right now with ODN because I have too much faith in my shitcoins.
Thanks
okay whatever it was like $5 more in june but it's extremely close to an ATH is what I meant
4519685theres no kama on bitterex
why kama and parabolic sar?so far i only know that its a good buy if it exceeds the bollinger band
what are we retracing to?
Bollinger bands give me volatility/momentum, KAMA gives me trend, SAR gives me reversal points.
I just like the way they work together.
4519685i use bittrex as an indicator but whats the best real time trading chart thats accurate and has all the info.
convert all my ETH to BTCWhat the fuck nigger, it's a meme to you because you don't use logic
you don't want to use tradingview.com?
Safe buy > sell:7900 > 82007500 > 95005000 > 12000
thanks sempai.
will try the indicators later