I TOLD U FUCKERS THIS WAS A SCAM COINNOBODY BELIEVED ME LOOOOOOL
BYE BYE CONFIDO
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA*breathes in*HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHOLY SHIT HAHAHAHAHAHAHAAH
Ouch.
Not so confi now, is it?
Fucking hell 30% was held by them at the very start and 60% was sold instead of mined?
Fucking pumped and dumped.
lol obvious exit scam.congrats on all those that profited.but yeah, the team (or person) took the ico eth and transferred it all to bittrex on day 1
Never heard of it.
WTF I PUT MY GRANDMA'S RETIREMENT FUND INTO THIS AAAAAAAAAAAAAAH GRANDMA NOOOOOOOOOOO
is it time to buy more?
>confido>confidence>confidence game
daily reminder crypto is a 0 sum gamenothin' personel kidsGreater fool theory at its finest
everyone knows its a shilled scam except for complete newfags
They still going to use LINK tho right?
where are u confido shills now?
FUCKCFUFCKFUKCFUCKAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
implying LINK will ever want to have anything to do with scamerssome pls find the pasta about the stuttering potheads hahah the panic already has ensued
POST HERE IF YOU GOT JOOSTED LMFAO
the comfydo difference
not a scam just a misunderstanding they are working on things and theyre being honest about it, scams would just leave, anyways watch it closely could be a good opportunity if they are legit
He didn't sell all his coins the minute it reach 0.003 for literally the easiest 20x gains of his lifeyou guys deserve to lose moneystop being so damn greedy
I'm buying 10 eth worth of cfd right now...buying the dip.
I will sell at $2
This is some segwit2x futures level of adJOOStment
U ARE RETARDEDD
Hahahaha.
did u not learn anything from the MCO scam?
Buy a Bitcoin whose first three letters start with CON.>Be too stupid to understand that the word Conman, comes from "Confidence Man" Smart investing there biz.
They made fun of my REQ and told me to buy this shitAHAHAHAHAHAAH
being this naiveThis exit scam is going to zero.
There won't be any bids left on the order book by this time next week.
buy a bitcoinGet the fuck out of here faggot
 buy a bitcoinat least lurk for a week or so before u post normie
4452583
didn't this coin go like 25x or something from ico?no wonder this is crashing hard, everyone with a brain is obviously taking profits
HEALTHY CORRECTIONrepeat after me
Ahhh fuck all the people who had buy orders super low on the off chance someone would fuck up a decimal somewhere and all the bots.
Buy high sell low!
mfw dumped my bags at $1mfw a plebbitor probably bought them
Can dump to ico price which is more than -65% from here
I don't know why you guys are laughing.
Just lost literally 300k.
Not so funny
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH GRANNY BETTER START FILLING OUT THOSE APPLICATIONS AGAIN
I lost $300k all because you guys in here were shilling it and it looked like a legit project.
thanks
healthy correction
What did you own a tenth of the coins in circulation you fucking idiotAny exposure close to that large, and you should have been in personal contact with everyone in the team so that you would see something like this coming
check out the confido redditso many bagholders telling FUDers to fuck off and bragging about how much confido they just bought
This
taking profitkekthey have legal problems and blew the news right now
Holy fuck...
I went all in.... /biz/ said it was a sure thing...
holy shit
JUST :(
not going into detailstheyre fucking making shit up for an excuse to dump their bags on their investors this is fucking unspeakable.
confido investors should band together and sue these fuckers
Another bites the Joost
Citing its faggit :" I'm a patient investor.
I know this project offers real use case solutions.
Cant' wait to see it getting the growth that it deserves.
:) "Now where the fuck did I hear this before...
here's what happenedall the presale whales were friends of the team members or even th team members themselvesthey locked up their official tokens to boost up confidence in people, meanwhile unloading those presale bags at 20x profit,M a s t e r p i e c e
not fucking funny assholes was about to buy a new home but decided to put all 400k into CFD on biz recommendation and now this.
wtf this better be a fucking joke.
In any case they have already dumped at the top and now they are making excuses to not deliver anything.
I was wondering who the fuck was putting buy walls and manipulating the prices up, seems like it was the fucking founders themselves.
BANCOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOR
sue>an anonymous speculative gamblehaha you deserve to lose your money with this mindset.
Prove it.
>SEC says a lot of IPOs are scams and wants to step in to protect investors>/biz/ tell the SEC to fuck off>/biz/ gets scammed by pajeet IPOpottery
shouldve bought link
You bought 1/10th of the mcapAt least make a believable larp
I still want the SEC to fuck off.
People are responsible for their money, you deserve to lose all your money if you're putting more than you can afford to lose in an ico shilled in biz.
I was considering buying into ico even though the team and entire project looked fishy as fuck, but if someone bought anything above 2x is just an idiot, no compassion
Confido was a very lame idea, but could have actually been pretty useful.
Someone with more than a couple braincells should jump on this chance to fork this piece of shit and do it right.
Is it possible that LINK gets some "legal stuff" problems?
JUSTAnyway I never heard of this shitcoin and I guess I'm glad.
lmaothis is why you don't hold alts
tfw was actually going to cash out my ICO bags since it's been holding at $0.70 from $0.04 and that's enough for me.>tfw log into Kucoin>tfw it's literally unsellable.
LMAO nothere's zero chance of that happening.
swift, santander, paribas all fo those would stay the fuck away from them if there was any chance of something going south
some retard buying for 28 eth as we speak.
i-i.. dont know what to say.
omfg i forgot my limit buy order FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
Phew, good.
Yeah, you're right, those big players wouldn't even bother to examine it in detail, if there were such major flaws
Devs talking about prices and marketcaps is a huge red flag.
This was the case with Confido.
I mean they wouldn't be interested in actually featuring LINK at SIBOS etc.
I tried to be good anon and warned /biz/ before and after the ICO multiple times.
I warned biz after I exited at 9x not to be greedyIn the end this is good things the only people who fell for this stupid shit were plebbitors and the boomerjews who lurk here that can't figure out how to verify a captcha maybe now they'll finally leave
oh shit hope you cfd cucks weren't too heavy on this... no one was fucking all in, right goys?
nice try.
your own fault for being a shitty investor and not doing your own research
Wonder how much of Ed's volume is sustained by bots.
It's weird that the price keeps being stable.
Put fifty bucks on it just in case.
fork this piece of shithow do you even fork such a shitcoin kek
enjoy being scammed over and over
This is just a joke right?
Something like this must be the whales keeping the price down or something.
I went all in on confido at $1.10 because I trusted the project.
I just got home and it's 10¢?
?I literally put 22 bitcoins into this, the bitcoins I bought back in 2013.
That was 4x my fist life savings.WHAT THR FUFK?
Whales are keeping the price down
kill yourself
I went all in
Joosted
 this shit pumped x15 the first day it got listed in etherdelta.
Everyone who lost money buying this crap deserves to lose the money.
And people should assume all icos are scams until proven otherwise.
4x my fist life savingsWell it sounds like you just got fisted by your life savings.
Nothing personnel.
yeah sure, show me the transaction...
Meanwhile Chancoin mooned by +108% today.
We told you all like 1000x times.
There will be more.
Watch it!#4CHnallday
24H Volume: 1 BTCwho fucking cares lmaogreat job, you mooned your lunch money
lmao, you're right...fucking pathetic pnd attempt.
how long until this hits zero?
Delisting soon
hahahahahahahahah i made 20x on this shitcoin
JOOST'D
FUCK, i lost $10 on this
Still x2 ICO price.
more joost coming hahahahaha
larp
CFD telegram is taking a dump
4453948these things are the fucking best
jej
so now's a good time to buy?
k is humbleIts fucking useless longterm, how on earth could anyone hold such an underfunded project.
Fucking iota lead dev gets paid a million a year for fucks sake you cant possible think this shit could of last
>healthy correctionThis beyond comical, this should be a new meme.
uh no JOOSTED is the new meme of the day
I think it's a meme that's gonna stay for long
This isn't funny.I literally lost thousands of dollars because you told me this was a good investment.I'm fucking leaving this board forever.You guys are all retarded.
You guys are all retardedSays the one who trusted this shitcoin
You guys are all retarded./biz/ is retarded?
You put your own money into this project, nobody has ever pressured you to do so.
Stop blaming others for your personal fuck ups.
FUCK YOU
The coin is ok, who cares about some legal problems.
Every fucking company has them.
But it was just overpriced at x20 ICO within days.
You morons deserve to learn your lesson and not FOMO.
Holy fucking shit kek
4455016>I lost all my money and I refuse to take personal responsibility for my actionsTough shit.
>.>.>read thisUnless you have a VERY SPECIFIC LIST OF REASONS why you're investing in a coin, DON'T.For everyone who has been here  months, this was an obvious scamcoin from the second it began getting shilled.PLEASE study this area before you invest
Lol this is hysterical
all my moneyhahaha you think "thousands" is all my money?how precious
Considering that you're blaming others for your own mistake like a small child I considered it a reasonable assumption.
and a new meme is born
this is why im confy with REQ.they can't just exit scam.
FUCK YOU
Pink wojak out of control lmao
Can't you morons fuckin read?
This is just a healthy correction
I love when others lose so much moneymakes me feel better about my own fuckups
I love this meme
do your own research fag if you did you would see this shitcoin was made by a couple of fratboys fresh out of high school with no real use case>uhhhh you can use our coin to prevent scams h-heh>what do you mean this is not needed>fucking fudder get him reddit
The ridiculous bit is that its still 6x ICO, the only way he's actually lost a bunch of money is if he watched something go up 20x in two weeks and FOMO'd in despite that insane growth.
Only a fool would have bought it that high.
Dev team will now go on vacation for a year and post pictures of their luxury hotel suites filled with bottles of champagne and beautiful hookers.
All the while telling everyone to keep Hodling
https://www.reddit.com/r/confido/comments/7e5dfw/identity_of_lawyer_is_named_pravik_pajeet_does/wow
it's already recoveringstop fudding
4452531So.... Buy the dip?
Losing 90% of your portfolio in minutesNow that's the comfydo difference!