I'm 23 and I've switched majors 2 times now as I lose interest fairly quickly.
Sometimes I think there's something wrong with me or that I just haven't really found my true passion.For anyone that had similar issues, what did you do or how were you able to figure out what you really wanted to do?
I wake up every day now completely lost as to what I want out of life..
up
What majors?
Persuade you that you like something and keep going on it, once you're good at it you won't stop early or think like this : When i begin something i'll finish it.
never stop to do a task until it is finish and everything you do, do it good/do the best you can or don't do it.
if you do this your life will change rapidly
thank you
Just chose something that gives you some possibilities in different fields.
I studied real estate economics and engineering and i can work in construction, marketing, risk management etc...youll find something you like during your time in university!
Never give up though.
Good luck anon!
jesus christ why are you wasting your money in college?
your degree won't mean shit in the real world unless it's in like 4 extremely specific fields.
unless you have a scholarship, you are just building debt.
if you do have a scholarship, you are wasting time where you could be making moneycollege is a fucking scam.
open your eyes
everything else I see around me is a dead end job.
Most of these higher end jobs are looking for degrees or you're not even noticed.
Found the /pol/ guy
why are you relying on someone else for YOUR future?
grow a set of balls, take some risk, and build your own company.
that's the only way to true financial freedom.
you're 23 for fuck's sake.
if you mess up, worst case scenario you've lost a few years, which is what you're wasting in college right now to "hopefully" get a wage-slave job that some other asshole can fire you from in 20 years because you were late to work.
have actually looked up how much the cost of college has risen in the last 20 years?
It's not the same roi it used to be.
It's a business, just like any other business, and it's fucked up how much money kids are flushing down the toilet for worthless degrees.What are you gonna do?
Be a fucking journalism major?
Spend 100k on a "communications" or English degree?
Good luck.
I graduated and I have literally 0 debt.
College costed me 1000 euros.
It granted me a ticket to a better life.
It's your system that's retarded.
No clue what euro colleges are like.
The US system is mostly fucked up though.
If yours is better, more power to you.
In the US, unless you are getting a degree in one of the hard sciences, you're wasting your time and money.
Just keep your mind open to possibility.
I graduated then started a masters in a program unrelated to my field.
Never finished and ended up working in a 3rd separate field.
I eventually had to go back to school to get a masters degree as an architect (I was 28 yo by then).
10 years later and I'm self employed working from home and making a great salary.
Don't get discouraged because it doesn't always just happen.
I would encourage you to stay in school and finish with a degree that will net you a decent salary.
And don't spend all your money.
Because it is a lot easier to change your life later on if your not constantly worried about money.
Hey gimp boy, you can spend 4+ years getting a degree and then years paying back debt.
Or you can take a crappy job at a company that can give you experience for those better jobs since they don't care about degrees if you're coming from a related job position with experience.