Why did 0x die?
It's definitely not only because of the alt crash, because it crashed all the way down to 20% of its pre-alt-crash value.
I went in this shit at 7500 and I though I bought the dip.
I can't imagine how fucked the people bought at the top are.It is a good concept and there are working projects based on it.
It actually works as of now, not some sort of "new roadmap coming soon" type of scam.
Obviously, a project working (or having any function really) doesn't affect the prices in this market at all, but actually working cannot harm its price, can it?What gives, /biz/?
Anyone know anything about the status of this?
i have these and bought like a 3 weeks ago.
it went up for a bit and recently been tanking again fucking bitcoin
You're practically down about 50% then.
Even that is higher than the loss of an average alt during that period.
Bitcoin and and china fly the alts and this one really never recovered yet.
Surprising because dexs coming out next year are going to be huge and a big game changer.
0x is going to be a mid 50s-$2 coin when its all said and done.
Be patient
Anime Chan effect.Whatever she shills will eventually get face fucked into the ground.
It is known.
dunno howmuch i"m down I bought like 60 eur worth for 20 dollarcents a popit was the absolute bottom.
>bought at 12000 sat
Shit.
I never saw its /biz/ shills.
Was there an anime shill?
We are so fucked.
Eventually I'll make some kind of infographic meme.
But look up the charts for...1) DNT2) ZRX3) MBRS4) REQUEST5) AST6) ODN7) LINK8) ENGAll have the classic pump and dump pattern.
She buys in the presale (aka, she bought odn for 10cents fiat while most of you ico cucks bought at 15-20cents, and non-ico cucks had to buy for ~30cents or so after the first day on cryptopia) and then dumps at 5x.Doesn't mean these are bad coins tbf, it just means that maybe you should stay the fuck away from hyped up coins with no products until the hype clears out.
You don't want to be the guy that bought dnt at 16x only to watch is slowly bleed away and then be told by the developers that the token is not intended to make any of it's investors any profit nor will they actually try to give the token any value.