Alright my big boys, we had some troubles but Bithumb is back up.
Time for the rally.
GET IN NOW, WERE GOING TO 3K
lol no, this pump is gonna end really bad
How do I buy in?
I am new to cryptocurrency.
I cannot read Chinese on bitthumb.
$1800 USD NOWHERE WE GO
Neither can I -- I use Bittrex.
Bithumb was just relevant because a bunch of chinese were trading huge volumes on it and it went down.
Well now we're back on track.https://bittrex.com/Market/Index?MarketName=BTC-BCC
another BCH ATH right now would reset the financial destiny of the human race.
man this really is something tonight, glad I'm not pulling the trigger on any trades like you fucking lunatics.
if that didn't kill it, nothing will, 3k is being reached tonight
BITHUMB IS UP AGAIN.ARE YOU READY KIDS?
I CAN'T HEAR YOUUUUU
Yep, it's time to hammer the final nail in the BTC coffin, and HAMMER IT FLAT.
>bithumb is back upkoreans are going to continue dumping my dude
le Chinamen have awoken
A reminder for the corecucks: Your suffering is going to be continuous until the next difficulty change happening tomorrow.
All your txes are unconfirmed or overpriced.
Normies are getting fucking furious at the inconvenience and volatility, and will exit first chance they get.The only way you could stop it is if you manage to take down another exchange... but good luck with that.
Bithumb is down again, hang tight
Thinks he can make it without being able to communicate with the chinkerinoslel
based Bilderberg group protecting my bitcore shekels
I swear /biz/ has some of the best memes.
In spite of otherwise sucking most of the time.
better sell those bitcores before they are worthless tomorrow, these Koreans aren't fucking around, when their exchange is up it's green dildoes all the way up
>bitcoiners have to resort to literal cybercrime to shut down local markets that are disrupting their dominance
Enjoy the bags anon, sell while it's at its current high or you're hold bags forever
This is an old chink tactic to dump on noobs.
No one besides fomoing newfags believed in muh flippening
4316840Lots of corecucks are spreading fud here.
If you're really that insecure about your BTC, why don't you sell and move into the more superior BCH?
dude this entire "market" is an old chink tactic to dump on stupid gweilo until the cryptoyuan is done, what are you even talking about