Can I still make gains if I buy right now?I regret not buying yesterday cuz I thought it was too high but then I woke up to it being much higher.Predictions for the end of the day
end of day: 750
never ever buy gains
Are you the anon that I was trying to tell to buy yesterday?
I warned you that this coin was never gonna be sub 30k again.
Can I still make gains if I buy right now?If you want to flip it for 10% like a retard then fuck off.
We are here for the long run.
$10 in spring 2018.
thats a big buy wall
for you
$ in february ez my niggaz
Only way to go is up boyArk completed its correction and is now going for the tidal wave that's putting it at 200k sats in a month
$10 eoy
4265652I want to be leaf, but let's not be like LINKniggers.
T H E
CONFERENCE
conference
$ will come with mobile wallets, 25$ with business entity and the next announcement they have (prob.
Some partnerships) and 100$ with ARKVM and ipfs all in 2018
how much ark do I need to make it guys?
$100I could live off dividends in some east asia shithole.
Too good to be true.
YESTERDAY
Yeah and get that qt azn pussy
That's the plan.
Mooning again, hurry up
I was aiming for a thousand but wagecuck checks weren't coming fast enough.
I'll have to settle for less than half that.
Won't be enough to eliteNEET like I want to, but hopefully in a few years the passive income from staking will be enough that I can go part time at work
REVEALED
I think 2000-2500 is a good area to aim for.
I'm kind of hoping this bounces off its ATH and drops for a while.
I've been planning to get in but kept telling myself I had more time.
Nothing liquid to move into it right now.
Bounces off its athIdk how to tell you this anon but ark has to more than go 100% from here to hit its ATH.
I hope it drops for a whileIts been dropping for 2 months straight nigga
This, ark has been bleeding out, what the fuck do you mean "you hope it drops more", last week was the lowest it's been since august
You've had 2 months, moron
fucking hate faggots like you, this shit was dropping for the past 2 months and was under $2 as recently as last week.
You had all the time in the world to buy but you were too afraid to, now that it's up you're upset that it left you behind
>been buying from 60k at what i thought was the floor all the way down to 29kmissed 25k unfortunatelyI WILL HAVE MY REDEMPTION
2100 ARK here pretty comfy i just wished id buy more
S T U T T E R I N GP O T H E A D S
I could live of dividends exactly where I am now if it goes up to $30.
This is your window for cheap NEO, ARK, 0x and maybe Walton/XLM.
They aren't coming back here without a massive BTC crash.