there we go
Huobi listing won’t have that much of an impact I guess
still + 0,60 EURO Cent on Kraken - and maybe we'll touch the 0,22 tomorrowso to take a footstep into regulated chinese markets is a big milestone
sorry 0,006 Euro Cent
Why do I see all TA fags using coin/dollar pairings?
sold Doge at 26 Sats - maybe retrace till 22-20... waiting next days
cause there are much more Dollar Pairing Charts posted and therefore it's easyier to find a good one than in the EURO section
https://www.reddit.com/r/BitcoinMarkets/comments/7eboh7/suggestion_remove_kraken_from_the_header_ticker/dq4egbk/can't await the kraken trading engine update
Because pairing against bitcoin is only useful if you want to track whether you outperformed bitcoin.
Dollar reflects the objective value much better since a) it's much more stable than btc and b) infinitely more people use it.
On a side note, these are probably the most retarded meme TA lines I've ever seen.
In the post bull run most altcoins are scams and you will get pumped and dumped if you're not quick, stay safe
Pretty much every piece of TA I've read for the last 2 months on XRP has said its on the verge of popping, its really just a matter of time
If you pair ETH against USD you're near ATH.
If you pair ETH against Bitcoin you notice that its performance is shit.
All those lost gains because you held ETH instead of BTC
I'm not arguing that you would have made more money with ethereum.
I'm arguing that charts against an asset that just had a 900% bull run is useless for technical analysis since it's not a consistent representation of value.
We'll see in 8 hours if it pops or not
And this is why you will never make it, sheep.
I hate this 'if you're not with us you're against us' mentality of /biz/.
You didn't even understand what I said, brainlet.
He said absolutely nothing wrong.
I'm getting tired of you brainlet newfriends.
WORD - if you look at e.g.
ETH against BTC price it's horrible but against USD it's still up, it's cause to the extreme runup made by BTC against USDa year ago i was only looking after Coin/BTC Charts but now with that increase in BTC/USD price i am looking Coin/USD more often, because effective i have gained in USD price
4527976Reminder, XLM correlates with XRP with price movements, what happens to one eventually happens to the other.
If you missed xrp gain, hope on the next rocket outta red wojack ville.
true - STR aka XLM correlates to XRP - i was so lucky that i just bought a day before the IBM annoucement :)but i have switched to XRP, waiting for Decembers first Asian Bank transfer, if i remember right from Japan to Singapore = real use :)
XLM + banks not using XRP makes worthless
and why should DOGE then rise?most coins are only driven by greed :)
Don't forget the 55 billion xrp you pajeets
Ever heard of the escrow?