ETH about to start a bull runget ready nerds, time to hit $400
come on pedos show yourselves
Vitalik is a leftist/Marxist piece of shit, and so are his team of developers.
This coin can fail and I'd be happy
why is a business board filled with brainlet ideologues?
bearish
he doesn't realize ETH will officially become the "commie" currency and pumpwho gives a fuck about politics when you could be making money?
stupid poltards
except it won't because money doesn't care about your pol ideology as well as it doesn't for vitaliks leftist communism views.
money only cares about how it can multiply.
He makes his business decisions based on what he hears from /pol/
Vitalik is a child porn defender and his devs are openly racist commie scum.
Fuck ETH.
He makes his business decisions based partly on the guy ETH is centred on being an autistic pedo defending PR disaster.
4368863ffsthis one
4376719>being emotional sissies
child porn defender and his devs are openly racist commie scumthese are very good things considering the type of people that run the world.
are you fucking stupid or whati dont care if he fucks dogs in his freetime or whateverif youre a CEO or another high up guy in a companyyou shut the fuck up about stuff like this in publicdo you see bill gates ranting on twitter calling others jews and whatnot ?i havent
except being autistic is vitalik's charm, people don't care.
Price wasn't affected at all
im not talking about vitalik im talking about the fucking CEO i dont own ETH myself but if they list CENSORFREE PLATFORM in their documentationand the FUCKING CEO openly threatens to sabotage another customer that wants to use the eth platform REALLYMAKESMETHINK
Oh no, someone typed random letters to form words you don't like on a keyboard.SELL SELL SELL SELL
holy shit the crypto sphere is the only place where you can be a complete asshat and people still throw money down your neck time to start an ICOthe coin will do nothing and the wallet will just play a voice file of me saying fuck you nigger give me moneyhave a great day lads
why are Vitalik's thumbs always tucked into his fists?
Where can i buy?
i made $35000 riding ETH from 20 to 260 please believe me when i say ETH is shit
Autigrip
I went all in this coin months ago, now yesterday I learned its a jewish commie anti white coin.What do now?
It all makes sense now.
A shitload of economically and politically illiterate autists abused by a group of virtue signaling sociopaths creating one of the largest pump n dumps ever, on the back of an actual revolutionary technology (btc).I always wondered why eth came up with these Alinskyist words like "bitcoin maximalist" and why all eth communities felt like leftist echo chambers.Also the image worship and praise for the inept devs, economically deficient project leads and obvious scammers throughout the project.
tbqh in real world investments that would be a legitimate reason to get outCrypto is different though, here being a pedophile is considered a good quality so that's why I'm 20% ETH on my portfolio
You hold and buy more.
business boardthis is not a business boardthis is a parody of a business boardI thought that was pretty obvious
Taking things out of context like a chump.He was using CP to defend the reasoning not to legalise either Heroin or CP you fucking cretin.
Unprofessional behavior inhibits investments thats why.
Glad I sold my eth for neo and ark, atleast their devs are not brainlet marxists and theyve got plenty of room to grow.
implying commies have money
Move on to greener pastures.
sold my eth for neo and ark, atleast their devs are not brainlet marxists>NeoCrypto-fascism is a real thing.
race realismwow i love ethereum now
MoSkel MoSkel he's our man, if he can't moon ETH then no one can