Tonight is one of the best nights of my life.
hours>Made 80k
you haven't made shit yetwhen is that xbt gonna clear
CongratulationsAnd me some bitcoin cash please, it's my birthday in two days 1N15PgxyJREvtvEx2uCa2vgZTuXu4h4cT6
What do you mean?
I'm on Kraken I could cash out now but XBT is rebounding.
Congrats man can you help me outBcc 1MQMhhrXf9uHr1zH5Wk3REgkR4GN4RGUfd
what exchange site do you use
Bravo, you killed it!
good job man, this is what we all aspire to do
nice!
and on kraken with market orders it's very hard mode lol
meanwhile i'm getting JUST'dalas, at least one /biz/bro is making it
lmao you sold into a dead coin, enjoy your bags
enjoy your shekels bro
Wtf is xbt
Turned 0.3BTC into .15 BTC in an hour then lost it all today
Gj, now hold on to that xbt until difficulty for bch goes up in about 12 hours, Bach is gonna dump and xbt will be up, at least that's my call.
He made the best possible trade.You let BCC shills infect your mind.Well done OP but you got lucky you sold the top.Stash that BTC somewhere safe so that you dont lose it gambling away.
congrats anon, you return to /biz as the hero we all aspire to be.
good luck.
Unbelievably lucky, within 5 minutes of that sale it crashed, you can look it up through my timestamp amd on Kraken I had to keep refreshing to finally get the order to go through, plus the peak was only supposed to be 0.45 but some absolute cuck placed a 1k BTC order at 0.5 due to FOMO and I landed in that order.
Literally so many planetary alignments.
Gonna celebrate by having carbs for dinner tonight.
I misclicked and sold 25 bch for like a measly 1k14k just down the drainDude could you help me make it back1FhaQG5kLa2a2U9Sw7GemRi65BC2pg55MV
^above wallet was BCHif you want to give btc then1DBnQyZGe962RGhiRdPaeysjGXZH8PNNLmThanks my dude
Congrats, my man.
meanwhile im cucking at mcdonalds, puting 400 a month into crypto, fuck life is unfairhow old are you and wahts your worthalso pls gib me some, i gott ago there again in 3 hours hngggh
Good job, don't hand out money to the beggars.
Enjoy life man, play it safe now don't get greedy.
Keep your mouth shut and don't tell people about this or they are going to expect money from you, get envious and hate you even.
I've been keeping my mouth shut about BTC for three years.
I bought 21 BTC back when it was 300 USD just to be safe in case it became big (should've put all my money in but eh) and put that in a paper wallet in my parents safety deposit box.
The 7 BTC was from the start of the year when I decided to start trading and put more money in.
Never gonna tell anyone about my gains, still driving a 3k car, not gonna upgrade til I have 1MM.Work smart, not hard.
gratsgot fucked while my bch was transferring... it picked that 20 minutes that it took to clear to market wide crash and kill my money...
I was so close to cashing out
My nigga::1HcQW46Fjfr8L5ykSWxPJbBDUj1tgZuSLb

Have you thought of fucking for money?
Or you can just jack off on gay cam sites with ski mask on or fuck your gf on cam site for donations
it's krakencongrats I just lost 2k ;(
 hours last night, i made $1k :))one day i will have capital like that.
Well done!
Just came on this shitsite to see what percentage of you degenerate losers bought in FOMO at ATH.I am glad to see that not all of you are losers, shills or haters
Good job, poorfag here but barely lost $200, would be at around $800 loss if i didnt pull out when i did so im happy
Top kek .
Exactly the same here.
Now only 150 USD loss.
congrats OP, i just lost $13k, if you wouldnt mind giving them back to me, thanks