BLACK ALERT , RUNE EVENSEN MEETING WITH "CREDIT SUISSE" , "The One Raffle Link North " , and the new UI RELEASED SOON ( like begin of december ) , a lot of competition for be top trader and reclaim free Airdrop
Delete this for fuck sake
Mockup UI

lower fees for COSS users are not taken into the table.
Shut up slave , I finished accumulating personally
SUISSE BANK .
WE ARE THE COSSPLAYERS and we will meet in lamboland soon
Some of us havent REEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
lmao literal shitcoin, the exchange will never have any volume, wake up deluded cossplayers
Unironically this.
I was invested in COSS heavily, but after the recent news I immediately pulled out.
Sorry guys, COSS is not going anywhere.
Which recent news.
Lol
4519491I dont mind this FUD if it keeps the price down
RUNE EVENSEN MEETING WITH "CREDIT SUISSE"Literally fake news, have fun holding those bags faggot
They are just mentally deficient, having bought the TOP, the crypto market is in full expansion, COSS is the investment of 2018, and then it is known, it is by listening to 4 chan that we become a millionaire, 1m95, wide cock
COSS doesn't have any in-house devs and are using 3 external dev teams.
New UI is not anywhere close to being released.
Fiat to alts?
Q4 2018 at best, assuming COSS doesn't go bust in the meantime.
how many people are in those external teams?
Who the fuck knows.
I doubt honestly there are any at all, probably just COSS buying time to do a proper exit scam.
Who the fuck knows.
I doubt honestly there are any at all, probably just COSS buying time to do a proper exit scam.Because Singapore is a tiny country, You only have to look at job offers, especially in the area of Blockchain.
You're just a professional fuddler, a little shit that bought too high, you'll be the first to come in when the rocket takes off
And that , it's fake news Goy ?
You sound emotional.
Don't marry your shitcoins, set stop losses and move on.
i Don't know why but it looks awful, all the exchanges look the same but this one somehow got it wrong.
> Rune , start phase two
This.
Literally just copying binance or bittrex would do.
But they are obviously aiming for Etherdelta 2.0
i Don't know why but it looks awful, all the exchanges look the same but this one somehow got it wrong.He is especially in BETA , take a look on the Mockup
Are we already in normie-tier-state or why are people complaining about user interface design this bad ?