>sold something on ebay to some guy last month>used the ebay prepaid shipping label so I just printed it out and slapped it on>got my funds and thought nothing of it>guy just contacts me out of the blue saying he didn't get it and demands a refund>tells me I have the item and wants his money>I never got anything back in the mail>ebay tracking shows that the item was delivered to the address that he gave to me>messaged him back and basically told him to fuck off>he just filed a claim with ebay against mePretty worried is this guy gonna end up scamming me?
His name was in characters I don't recognize as well..
File a claim with e-bay against him.
You have the tracking data from e-bay themselves.
If they don't back you up, file a claim against e-bay.Why is this even a thread?
You have the tracking info.
What's there to worry about?
eBay will side with you.
You shouldn't run a webstore if you need to ask these things.
i miss the daily ebay scam story threads
I don't "run a webstore" lul
Having tracking is good, but if you didn't do Signature Confirmation, then there's a chance the buyer can still win a claim.
Even if the tracking status states it was delivered, it is still not considered evidence, in eBay's POV, that the buyer received their package.Right now, unless if you included Signature Confirmation, it sounds to me that you will be forced to refund the buyer.What value was the item sold for?
dollars.
I didn't get the item back this is such bull shit
4371049fucking idiotsebay never sides with the sellerOP removed your funds and disconnect your bank account and get outta dodge
If only there was a system better than the garbage one eBay has where you're about to get your money taken out of your PayPal account by some pajeet that can't understand your case.
if ebay tracking shows it was delivered, then they can side with you the seller.was the buyer's paypal address confirmed?
if so, paypal has seller protection.if you sent to an unconfirmed address then you'll never get that item back as that buyer probably scammed you.make sure you withdraw your funds from paypal and disconnect from your bank account because if they go after your pp account and it's connected to a bank acct, pp will take it from your bank acct.
Too late they already put it on hold REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Who is this semen demon?
ThiseBay doesn't give a fuck about sellers and he probably is scamming you.
Remove your connected funding accts from eBay ASAP.
4371670I really really hope this is just a joke/bait
Zuck the cuck
Yep.
Unfortunate.Anytime you sell an item valued over $100+, you are supposed to enable Signature Confirmation for your own protection (you can still enable it under $100, but in my opinion it is not worth it).All you can really do now is just wait.
Good luck on the results.