GET OUT NAOI GOT OUT BEFORE IT HAPPANDE
MY BITCOIN IS GOING DOWN WHY THE FUCK DID I LISTEN TO BIZ BROS ABOUT COREFUCKBCH SO HiDO I buy and miss GAINS?LoOSE MORE ON BITCOIN?
FUUUUUCK
BCH IS KING BCH IS KING BCH IS KING BCH IS KING BCH IS KING BCH IS KING BCH IS KING BCH IS KING BCH IS KING BCH IS KING BCH IS KING BCH IS KING BCH IS KING BCH IS KING BCH IS KING BCH IS KING BCH IS KING BCH IS KING
AHAHAHAHAHAHAH
core slaves will play it down
Fuck CoreCoin.
Nice, just did a bank transfer for 1000 use to gdax.
Should be there in time to buy low
people are cashing out cause the fork didn't happen
Remember guys, buy the highs and sell the lows.
It's the /biz/ way
The obvious answer where to move your money is alts, not trash also known as BCH.
These things always tend to happen at night, prob bots doing a dump.
Good time for a short term buy, otherwise hodl
BCH is an alt though lolSmart money would be to listen to this group here https://discord.gg/xNWEu35
F U C K
Its ok I got my current set of BTC at $4k
FINALLY!
Fuck, I started moving back due to FOMO.
But crash didn't affect me badly.Will it dip further?
What should I do with small portion of my BTC now?
I'll hold, but now I'm scared a little.
don't be a core slave duh
And you're going to buy back at $7k+.
Thanks for the money.
Check the charts you goof, it was at 6650 like 36 hrs ago.
Just a little dip, still pre fork so the crash won't happen yet.
losers should of got nuls but insted they got my lulz
still pre forkIs the fork back on again or something?
Calling BCH "alt" is actually an insult against alts that aren't trash.
Nah, but the difficulty is dropping in a few hours and CME will be taking on bitcoin, resulting in an avalanche of investors.
Is the fork back on again or something?Nope, he's just a fucking idiot.
where were you when btc became an altcoin
Okay.
I am all in on bch.
Caught a lil dip.
Feeling better now.
nah pepe I wont Im all for supporting BCC now that I know its got better technical specs than BTC
4281650No, thank you.
I am going to buy back now.
BTC will be 10k EOY.
biz millionaires
>Buy more btc>Even more gains in a monthWhat seems to be the problem guys ?
And BTC keeps goin low
literally thinks an ATH is a dipGotta love /biz/ lol
perfect time for buying and cashing out next week
It actually might be, genius
Do I sell all my alts for USDT???!
What do?
Just HODL?
Buying this little BTC dip, selling my BCH for a gain.
Wish me luck.
You are so brave.
where is the floor tho ?
$5k
>BTC is almost at 7k again
is it all ogre?
This happens all the time; flash crash profit taking end of the week kind of stuff....chillax and HOLD or anticipate and sell at peak and buy back in a lot lower.... so for now just hold everything and enjoy the weekend dip.
42818284k actually.
I hate this kind of shit.Just HODL, there's no point in experimenting here.
weekend profit takingkek!!!!
coping this hard deluded bitcoiner
tell u what if i lose all my money on this trade my life is ogre
i dreamt i was holding onto xmr and i woke up and btc is crashingdo i just swap what btc for xmr or?
Seems more like bitcoin is overvalued and people are moving out for BCH which is undervalued to hold until bitcoin comes back down.
Best time to get out of BTC was about 7 hours ago on an MACD dip.
Would wait wait for another upturn before buying back in.
Not at that point yet
ayyyyyyahahaha
Look at all these weakhanded fucks
EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
How do you read those graphs that have bars instead of lines?
tfw my exchange account should be verified just in time to buy BTC at the bottom.
It's called candles, orange one is evil, green one is good
Ok thanks each candle is one day?
Ahhh etc...
Do a search on candlesticks anon.
Will tell you the difference between red and green and the different lines/crosses on them.
Which exchange are you setting up
like in gdax dot com, you can choose time, mine is set at 1 minute or 15 minutes.
You can select different time increments.
Each bar represents the time period.
It could range from a year to 1 minute
THANK FUCKING GOD now i can finally get some cheap BTC
Quadriga and also signed up for Kraken.
wait, it's not the end yet
In the end, I only made $200 off BTC as I got into this business a few weeks ago and bought 2 BTC.
I shoulda sold at the highs, instead I had to sold now to avoid losses.
Thank fucking god, now the coins with actual promise can get some air after being suffocated by this obsolete abomination Bitcoin has become.
I’ve read that Kraken have major outage issues, you might want to be careful with him.
DYOR, don’t take my word for it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1lWJXDG2i0A
Ok will do.
I heard the same about Quad.
Options seem limited for funding from a Canadian bank account.
Any other suggestions?
No mate, I am in Australia so I think we are even more limited than you
implying it matters with btc if the end goal is more btc
Holy molly, enough entertainment for today My faces hurt from smiling
Gonna buy me some cheap cheap bitcoin soon.
It is crashing so hard I am going to die
this ride is just starting anon, dont tire your face muscles out.
Im just hoping my alt can survive most of my initial investment to buy btc at its bottom.
ITS REBOUNDING
This.
Play with alts to get more BTC but don't sell BTC unless it is trending to trade lower than your initial buy-in.
Eventually you have to go back to bitcoin right?
You can't cash out some weirdo alt can you?
Is there a stable coin to retreat in?
lol
XMR
No it moined uesterday it's going to dump now
USD
Why are the bars in the red circle only flat lines?What does this mean?
I went all in last night when I saw that 2 Billion went out of BTC and 3 Billion went into BCH.People watch the price too much, never look at the market caps.
Those are the real indicators of change in the market.
BCH is about to x4-x6 all the way to Christmas as the bulk of BTC flows to it with massive FOMO and the prospective coinbase release in january.
is it actually over or just bull trap ?
It's going to 4500 before going to 12500.Come on m80s, it happened so many time already.Are you a bunch of thick niggers or something.
the end of bitcoin
market caps>market capsTRADE VOLUME?
but market cap is just last price * number of bch.
it's meaningless.
BIZ BROS ABOUT COREwhat?
here everyone shits on bitcoin
bitcoin is dead, whats gonna be the next pump and dump shitcoin?