but how far up is it going to go this time?strap in boys
I'M READY0.3 HERE WE COME
BCH/BTC ratio still staying the same
patience
Up 40 USD in 30 minutes.
Question is is there any strength behind this pump at all or is it going to fizzle out.Trade volume is still extremely low so a big pump is very unlikely.
no one is selling BCH into a BTC ATH or an ETH local ATH...keeping BCH nice and stable for the time being until enough volume and news for a serious breakout.
What's interesting is that BTC & BCH have stopped tracking each other.With the new DAA, BCH doesn't drag away as many miners, so BTC hurts less when BCH goes up in value.
bitcoin dies TONIGHT
With the new DAA, BCH doesn't drag away as many miners, so BTC hurts less when BCH goes up in value.We won't know until 5.4 days
This
 days till BTC retarget
this rise is completely speculation driven.
The #1 selling point (lower fees) is not even true.
If you were(hypothetical here) to sell your BCH, would you sell it for BTC or ETH?
The #1 selling point (lower fees) is not even true.fees are the same now.if BTC panics again, are fees still going to be the same?
nope.
Fees aren't the same now though, I don't see any zero fee transactions getting through Segwitcoin
no its not
HOLY SHIT WAIT FOR ME
On the Bitcoin network, fees as low as 5sat/byte are being confirmed.
Thats about 14 cents for a standard transaction.
The AVERAGE fee in Bcash is 33 cents.
Also, all of the software has a built in minimum fee, so no fee transactions are happening on Bcash either.
The death of btc is now completely dependent on the price of bch
trying to shill so hard even though the data against your position is freely available https://fork.lol/tx/fee
The average fee is that high because wallets etc.
are setting the fee too high.
5 sat/b go through on BCH too.
https://fork.lol/reward/feepct
It's already crashed again.
It won't do anything until the 24th, quit wasting your time.
Make money in other coins until then.
Thats the average for both, which is a moving average.In the last few hours the two have swapped in terms of fee levels.
Mempool.observerhttps://bitinfocharts.com/comparison/bitcoin%20cash-transactionfees.html
>bch moves 3%GUYS ITS PUMPING AGAIN GGUYS ITS HAPPENING XXXDFDDDDDOP please just calm down.
It will happen, but not right now.
Core is clearing down to 10 sat/b.Cash clears the entire mempool, every single block.
You can pay the lowest fee and it will go through.
Average means nothing.
IF YOU BUY THIS GARBAGE BTRASH(HAHAH) THEN YOU DESERVE TO LOSE EVERYTHING STOP BUYING IT NOW
If you have a full block with people paying fees they make up a larger proportion than a nearly empty block of people paying fees with a larger potential size.
Doesn't change the fact that the average fee for Bcash in the last few hours is higher than for the last few hours of Bitcoin.
You can pay the lowest fee and it will go throughGo ahead, fucking try to send a no fee transaction.
You can talk about it all day, but until you show a TXID of a no fee transaction clearing, I will not believe you.If you really can clear a no fee transaction it should be incredibly easy to send a small amount to yourself with no fee.
Go ahead, I'll wait until this thread 404s
hurrr>if you bought 10k worth you'd have made $300>"its a PUMP durrrrrrrgo fucking study for your high school English test you stupid nigger-tier pseudo-nigger
Fuck btc, 20$ fee!?
In the last few hours the two have swapped in terms of fee levels.Not even close to true and you can see from the very link you sent me shillhttps://bitinfocharts.com/comparison/transactionfees-btc-bch.html#3m
Well that was a whole bunch of fucking nothing (again)Enjoy the continued slow bleed
Ok, so you can't compile data from multiple sources, Got it.
I'll stick to really basic information for you.
Mempool.observer
Observe this.
Biztards scammed out of half a mil.
What are you on about?BCH is consistently cheaper for ANY metric you look at.
Why are you saying Mempool?
Why would I compare the avg for BCH to a spectrum of prices for BCT you mong?
lol