>solves oracle problem>POW and POS hybrid>Turing complete smart contracts>private transactions>Godfather of Ethereum>Testnet coming out this week or next week>mainnet coming out Q1 2018This destroys REQ and LINK combined.
IDK why you would waste money on those anon, AE is far superior
kek linkies btfo
good entry point, interested.
Do you even know what REQ is?
Sergey doesn't care, he got his 32m didn't he?
logo is a penisyes i'm interested
Yeah it's another shilled coin on /biz/ where you can request payments from another person using ReqYeah man, it is a long term hold though.
There are 23 people in the Aeternity team working on this project, there's like 10 or more developers alone.
This is a huge one but if it works, then it will destroy any other smart contract platform out there.They already have some AEPPS you can play around with.That's the problem with most ICOs, most of them are way too overpriced.
A $32MM company in real life would be a big top performing company with thousands of employees while in the crypto world it's like Chainlink that has what 3 people working on it and they haven't delivered anything yet?
where can I buy 100k
That's not all REQ is.
You should look it up.
It has nothing to do with AE.
Ya REQ is cool but AE is much cooler.
It's not a token, its its own blockchain made from scratch from the ground up.
Right now you have to buy the tokens on ethereum, then you can redeem them for real AE later on.
It's on barely any exchanges: https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/aeternity/#marketsIt's on etherdelta though which is popular, and liqui.io
Also they do weekly development updates you can see here: https://blog.aeternity.com/@aeternity_The newest one should be tomorrow, cannot wait for the progress.
Might be when test net is released
They don't seem to have a PoC yet, so Chainlink appears to be ahead in development.
Still, an interesting project.
Surprised there aren't more replies.
Where the hell are all the LINKmarines?
twisted dick for a logo
This is what their latest blog post says, which was posted on November 7th:>We are all meeting in Malta next week to design and plan the mainnet release, as well as to release the testnet.
It’s going be an all-hands-on-deck testing effort this week to make sure the testnet release goes smoothly.So testnet is coming out soon?
Again this is a QUALITY team of 10+ developers, they send updates once a week, I am guessing it will be released tomorrow.This is one of the Aepps as a demo: https://vote.aepps.com/I fucking love the quality of work that they do and check out their github: https://github.com/aeternity
weren't they hacked and lost their ICO $?
rather buy ZAP for the oracle problem
TFW you have so many people working on your project that it doesn't fit on the pageCan Chainlink say this?
Can REQ?This team intentionally did not want their tokens going out for sale on a lot of exchanges, this is why they are hard to get a hold of.
Thanks for the info but I would like more critical input from others here.
Bumping
That would really suck, but no.
They are still here.
If you checked out the links I provided you would know...This is basically the only team I know that actually works on their project after ICO.You don't see that shit with LINK, OMG, TEZOS, etc.
If you want a lot of critical opinions, check out the subreddit: https://www.reddit.com/r/Aeternity/Posts there aren't deleted or censored so you can see the drama and other things that happened in the past (one of the main developers was fired, the other one quit I think)
why was there "drama" in the first place?
okay I'm done bumping until testnet releasehave a good night all
zap, aeternity, mobius, link, how many fucking oracles are there right now?
thats like 4 icos in the last month alone
I think they didn't come up with a good enough agreement on who gets what, and one of the devs tried to renegotiate better terms, the main guy said no, and that's when the drama happened.I don't know the full story, I only just got in recently but I think this is one of those sleeping giants.
Just look back on like page 5 of the subreddit and you can see this all happening.
hurr durr more people = better projectjesus christ you're retarded.
so is this supposed to replace ETH?
comparing ethereum tokens to an entire blockchain developed from scratch to support oracles right from the getgoTestnet is tomorrow (maybe), just wait
Interested - just put 1 ETH in to see where it goes
Dude, you're the retard here.
I bet you put money in ICOs with 3 devs in the team because they have some stupid shit website.The ICO for this project is done.
They are spending money on growth and development.Having more people means they take this shit seriously and they actually spend money on growing the project rather than waste it on themselves going out to parties and abandoning it.Even fucking ZEN where the developers get 8.5% of all tokens for life (that's like $5000 a day at current prices) they have like 3 people working on the entire project because they're too greedy to hire people, and their project is shit in comparison.You're fucking retarded.
The ex lead developer was beaten up by the CEO, a shady character self proclaimed "godfather of ethereum", who posted his private conversations with vitalik on medium...
He had to fly the country and started his own side project - a lot of weird shit happening in this project - new team looks ok tho so I dunno
Their team is mostly marketing people with no developers at all, total shitcoin.
do you people even research this shit?
>this level of shillingHere's the thing OP: anyone even remotely smart understands that nobody will go to these lengths to make someone else money.
If you really thought this thing was as good as you say it is, you'd be quietly accumulating instead of shilling this hard on /biz/.
So, why are you putting this much effort into shilling?9 women will shit out a baby in 1 month
Looks like most of the code was written by said ex-developer also:https://www.reddit.com/r/CryptoMarkets/comments/63gobe/aeternity_blockchain_collected_525m_110k_eth_270/dfvq0bk/If the CEO is a shady character I highly doubt I can trust the company.
anyone even remotely smart understands that nobody will go to these lengths to make someone else moneyThis after all the BCH shills giving free information saying "Buy BCH" for weeks.I'm not even saying Buy AE, I'm just saying it's a much better deal than basically every other coin out there right now.
At this moment.Don't buy it, I don't give a shit, I'm not selling anything until after mainnet launches, then I'll sell trickles, so I have no reason in profiting.It would just help for AE to be known more.
Also, if you think you are too late to ETH, I think AE is the best thing right now.I don't think the CEO is shady, he was the one who gave Vitalik the idea of Ethereum which is why he calls himself the "godfather of ethereum" and the chat log was their conversation, it was approved by Vitalik to be posted online.If you don't trust this company, it's your loss.
DYOR, every other company sucks in comparison.
Whoa I didn't even click your link.
That was from 7 fucking months ago and you're trusting that source?This is several months in, and progress has been made, but it's a scam?
GTFO and don't show your money around here, go for LINK or REQ, come back months later and say "oh yeah there was a post on /biz/ about AE when it was in token mode, but I thought it was a scam because I saw a post from 7 months ago saying it was a scam"LOLAnd dude, you're saying all the code was written by him?So what the fuck do you think happened since 7 months?
There should be no progress at all according to your source of some guy saying "3.
Literally all code was written by him"
Anyway I'm done, to anyone interested or whatever, DYOR.I'm not posting again until testnet which I think is tomorrowJust look at the subreddit, there is a bitcointalk thread about this, there are articles on medium about this, there are YouTube videos about this.DYOR.
This shit looks like some breast cancer awareness coin.
Pretty defensive there, homes.
Yeah my bad, sorry bro, I have multiple people attacking me so I am defensive.
Anyway peaceeeeeeeee out yall.
Good luck and HODL!!!!!!!
kek if this bitch was the "godfather of ethereum" then why did he let a 19 year old beat him to it?why don't you respond to this then Mr Penis-Logo CEO.
I'll definitely throw money at a company that receives feedback like this!https://www.reddit.com/r/Aeternity/comments/6vrva5/an_open_letter/
I've literally never heard of this project until right now.
How it got to a mc of 92m is astonishing.
They really don't have anything on LINK, who are singularly focused on decentralised oracles (and have been for years), have an A+ advisory team and already have deep industry contacts and partnerships in the works.
To me, this is some text book 'too many cooks' and 'jack of all trades, master of none' shit.
Also wtf happened with the price action in the middle of this year?
Pumped and dumped by the looks of it.
eeppsOther than that, considered.
I shilled Confido because I reached my contribution cap and had nothing to lose by spreading the word