https://discord.gg/B4bmaXX470 seats available.
Will start when we are full.
Good luck
Explain yourself
You better not waste my time
Your patience will be rewarded, just join the boat before it's too late
The last "patience" server you made just turned out to be "BUY CHAINLINK" after waiting for a week
You're mistaking with someone else, I'm not op.
Buba
you better have 499 BTC to give away, buddy.
reported your group to the secsage
The offer could be worth a lot, patience will reward the one that deserves it
so, it's an ICO then?
No, you won't have any money to put here
asd trips
I'm curious.
Then join and share, you'll be rewarded
Adolf is there?
I'm in.
Seats are going, get yours asap or you'll miss a huge one here
curiosity bump
him and clap-trap made this a legit business opportunity.
Bump to find out
proceed with the procedure
bumping for my liege.
I just joined.
Nothing to lose
are you white OP?
then Ill join
With this bump, the deed is done.
Can you atleast let us post things and text
full?
Hedge Fund fags fell for the trap
Nice one, but they'll wish they join anytime soon
not in the slighest
im in, first time in one of these groups.
lets see if what they say is real.
gtf in here
its pnd nothing is real if you dont buy ops bags
Come on, biz.
I want to know what the hell is this all about.
380 seats left
dude can we start now or smt 380 people is a long time
bump
Get in here if you read this
Too curious.
Get in now.
this guy scammed my friend through eth contractreported
We're going to get hacked.
Why are you trying to spread shitty FUD out of thin air ?
Proof?
How did it happen?
Don't even bother, he has none.
Bullshit is real in this one.
Seats are being taken.
youre full of shit OP arent you
HURRY FUCKERS
bumpity
I am in
Join or don't, it's your choice.
wew
Bump
help me make back my bch losses
Here.We.Go.BTC to drop rapildy only to increase over 8k, will steady out at just below with a 50% increase in sat/B fee's bringing the profit up slightly.
bump
I honestly think this entire thing was a ploy to increase the normal sat/B, in the long run this could be big.
This also means that every time this happens, or something like it, everyone will use insane sat/B fees to make sure their coins don't get stuck in the mempool again.
fuck
Do these things really actually work
Which, of course, will mean that projections of profit won't be trustable due to the insane fee fluctuations we'll see in the near future with BTC.And honestly, didn't this save BTC since if transactions would've been confirmed, it would've meant that BTC would've fallen much much lower than it did?
No
also OP it would be better if we could chat together in the meanwhile
Yes
This some sort of pump?
maybe
4325297Thanks /biz/
this is like getting invited to a spooky mansion where you roll up to see a bunch of strangers.
spooky
Bumpity bump
wanna come upstairs?
stacy's there and shes drunk!
This guy has been doing this shit for months now.
It gets filled up and nothing happens.
Pls just get going OP whatever the fuck this is, the room is never going to be full
It's nothing you stupid fuck.
You didn't stumble on some secret ungodly gains group.
He's just wasting your time.
This will be good!
I have to say the discord's general chat has me rolling
Start or riot
bump
can someone just open one where we can fucking talk?
It's done.
Yeah whatever it is its better than nothing
Hey OP this isn't funny.
Start now or you're banned from /biz/.
pretty GAYY WHO USESE CORADS ANAORE MOER I DONT STRUPID GAY BOY!
AHHAHASHHA!
So we pumping EQT.
Strap in bois
Buuuuump
This is the real deal!
EQT EQT RISINGGG
JOIN ASSFAGGOTS
Come on
bump out of curiosity

cunts
We've deco to pump EQT.
Join in
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!
!1
post more lewd
Jesus H. Christ
Join up fags
join for hentai spamming and shills
Bump-a-bump-bump
get in you faggots
Minecraft
Here we go with the bumpiiiiiiing
BAMP
bump!
ONLY ONE MORE PERSON NEEDS TO JOIN
Guys, do you want free pics of hairy buttholes??
Then get aboard!!!
PRECIOUS HAIRY BUTT PICS I TELL YOU!
Yay
poop
Get in now, fellas!
The train is almost moving!
No.
you are about to get dumped on if you think they do
Eat your greens and dank memes
hey guys it's gonna work for real
JUST
Boi, oh, boi!
We are having so much fun here, fellas?
Why don't you join us?
dont join us
Delete this
The best
Reverse psychology, I like it!
This is the reaaaaaaaaaaal deaaaaaaaaaaaal
pajeet
wow i just made 1 btc of this last pump
Come on guys!
WE ARE DYING OUT HERE!
There is a serial rapist here!
Hmmmm...:thinking:
dumps
oh shit bch going to the moon
Chainlink is the fucking shit
i confirm this transaction.
What's the discord objective?
Ok, guys!
The serial rapist is actually a cool guy!
Just gave me some good advices about crypto!
JOIN!
Pumping
I'm in the chat -- how do I do this.
It's been a while since I bought/used/did anything with Bitcoin

GET IN WHILE YOU CAN, GUYS!
SHIT IS ABOUT TO GET REAL!
"Hey, is this a gun in your hand!?
What are you doing, Marco!!!"
we need you
GET IN THIS MOTHERFUCKER CUNTS
I love money
Wow, this pump is off the charts
nice gainz on last pump boys, if only we had more people
GUYS, GET IN HERE QUICKLY!!!
There is cake and traps down here!
link expiredCan we still get in?
try thishttps://discord.gg/nwVuw9https://discord.gg/nwVuw9
https://discord.gg/u7F4uqkWon't expire
Guys get in the server and verify in the voice chat.Be patient and we will all profit together.
https://discord.gg/B4bmaXX
ddd
*oops I meant to say get in faggots were mooning
https://discord.gg/veuXPX
PUUUUUMMMPPPP IT, PUMP WITH YOUR LIFES!!!!!
This is a wild ride right here!
Do it!
Join!
We need you!
fucking JOIN
The link expired
https://discord.gg/veuXPX
https://www.girlsaskguys.com/sexual-behavior/q2584301-go-to-sleep-with-penis-inside-vagina-so-intimate-3-who-would-do op is a cuck
it's just a stupid pump and dump group, don't bother.
it is not.
it is a fantastic journey into the heart of man itself!
nice gainz on last pump boys, if only we had more people.
4322849432366743255364327660432766343278734327873Patience is taking your BTC for free!
another curiosity bump
Bump
Just get rich, guys!
heard these guys pumping vertcoin
1EDhsoJrT8LtvYSQgphYj6DQd3qxsnfP8f
https://discord.gg/uWtACs
I posted this on another "join this discord" thread but in case you didn't see it there, here it is again.WARNING!
BE CAREFUL PEOPLE!
I have joined one group in the past.
People get comfortable and all of sudden they are talking about the anatomy of someone under age.
Don't get caught being a member of one of these groups.
It doesn't matter if you posted it or if you are reading it.
You are there!
That is enough to go after you.
You are taking a chance with your life and freedom for a few dollars.I repeat, DO NOT GET CAUGHT BEING A PART OF ONE OF THESE GROUPS!
You might step away from your computer for ten minutes, and when you come back, the comments are no longer visible without scrolling back.
It doesn't matter because you were there!Is it worth taking the chance?
These people are strangers to you.
They are not your friends.
Don't risk your freedom.
Also since these are open invitation and anonymous, you can be sure there are people there who are also monitoring the situation and every post.
hello FBI
Join this group as well if you want to get good signals:https://discord.gg/MmXHNwG