Member holding BTC at $1200?
Same shit with BCH
BCH is a shitcoin remember it doesn't have the high fees and slow confirmations Bitcoin does.
IT DOESNT EVEN HAVE 100k+ UNCONFIRMED TRANSACTIONS YET!!!!!
LMAO BCH could never replace bitcoin.
faggot
Yeah... but if you didn't notice, these guys did an actual attack.
>an actual attackRepercussions mate, repercussions.
Fuck off cunt!
I lost a lot of money in this scam
hows it a scam tho?
Ill wait for the reply hahahaha
Member holding BTC at $1200?I do; you don't.BTC built four years of investment into organic growth and the drop-off was magnified by the Goxxing and Silk Road.
For a year it felt like the Feds were going to kick down the doors of everyone holding crypto.
In contrast, the GPU farm gangsters who hijacked your trustfund pumped their own token to 2k within a few of weeks of it launching.
They were impatient and showed their hand too soon - out of greed or necessity.
They exposed the exploitability of Bcash and its absense of organic growth.
They momentarily slipped and abandoned any notion of organic growth in favour of securing a return on their initial investments.Seems they've got that now.
You have paid your masters.
The fact theyäve broke even now probably ironically means the coin will be kept on life support a little longer, as they bleed the cadaver dry.
But it's already gone to live on the farm.
Who here doing mad gainz by shorting BCH at every pump ?
Hmmm, lets see.
Wash trading on Korean exchanges followed by a gigantic dump which subsequently losses 55% of value within 48 hours.
This is criminal behaviour, don't see how you find it funny.
within 48 hoursyou mean literally 15 minutes by but yeah..
it was dumped because the korean exchange shut down, brainlet
holding BTC at $1200?No, but i do remember the picrelatedi thought it was just another b8 and haven't bought anything...
supposedly ddos'd by ip addresses coming from the west in the exact moment it hit ATH.i guess you still believe in the tooth fairy too?
sec halp i lost my money to these criminals they took advantage of my greed!>but keep btc decentralized and out of regulators hands>except for when i get taken for a ride by my sins, then sec haaalp
it was 1 exchange participating in a shady pumpall it took was 1 DDoS that was weak and lasted about a min.
if BCH price keeps crashing because of that it will never over take bitcoin.
kek keep fudding faggot
Got back in just in time
You think crypto ever has a chance to go mainstream while people like Rodger Ver are manipulating the markets?
I'm all for some regulation, it's inevitable to have regulation in any financial market that wants to be taken seriously.
ffather tell us more
bithumb was down for a solid 2 hours.
except the DoS attack wasnt 2 hours long
so you want to let people with guns fuck me (either fine, if not then prison, if not then death) if i buy or sell in a way that YOU don't likecool, bet you are a lovely person
So you want Rodger Ver to rob uniformed people whenever he feels like it?
Classy
if i buy or sell in a way that YOU don't liketry buying or selling when the exchange you use gets "ddos'd" or exit scams, crypto could use a healthy dose of regulation desu.
>crying BCH shills in every thread
well, he didn't force anyoneif you use coordinated shills it might become somthing akin to fraud, which of course is punishablebut if you can't cry regret-rape, you can't cry regret-buyfraud is breach of contract, which is of course punishable without needing to say that fraud is suddenly legal/illegal as soon as it comes to cryptos"regulation" is a pandora's box beyond belief
bch SHILLS told me to hold at 0.4 they saidfuck you all FUCK YOU
We should send one cask of rum or something to that guy.
Just because you got seduced and fell into a trap due to your sins does not mean that there should be some master put in place to ensure the markets are kept safe for idiots such as yourself that jump on any and everything that tells them itll make them a quick lambo.You are to blame for your shortcomings, your succumbing to your base desires and abstaining from logic is your own doing, not the markets nor whoever may or not be manipulated.
Youre a weak soul who holds others accountable for your results and should probably iust kys.
This is what im talking about, you robbed yourself by making a really bad trade.
You got outwitted, taken advantage of, i understand.
However you have no one to blame but you.
You put the money in, you hit buy, you hit confirm, you didnt sell when you saw it was losing you money.
You lost money.
You did.
Guys halp i bought this coin that was goin to da moon and then it crashed!
I lost everything!
The guys who dumped on me deserve prison and this shouldnt be allowrd to happen!
!I can feel the pink wojack and tears through the imgboard
buy my bags pleaseNo thanks, staying with the king that is not BCH.
Btw, i lost 15% on bch, i get it.
But i dont blame anyone, its a part of the game it could have jist as easily mooned to 10k.
Its the risk we take for the rewards we want.
You have to be able to withstand and be prepared for the risk that youre taking on.
Hopefully you learned this instead of screaming MUH REGULATIONS
Actively promoting a shitcoin that unknowing, easily led people have lost fortunes on is something your mother would be proud of, right?
Organic growth.
BTC was 1k at the beginning of the year.
They lost money with their poor decisions.
Not the coin's fault.
I cant believe people are still harping on right/wrong in this world.
Shit is what it is guys.
Right/wrong has no basis in reality.
You are either prepared and fully aware of the risks youre taking on or you arent.
If you want regulation just trade forex man.
They lost money with their poor decisions.
Not the coin's fault.It was your grandma's poor decision to open the door that got her robbed.
Not the thief's fault.Morally corrupt idiot.
I lost money so it is immoral>I gained money then it is fineThe state of you
GPU farmjust shows how clueless you are