so uh wtf happened to NEO price?
i fomo bought the other day at $43 after everyone saying this was chinese government endorsed???
i went on a ski trip and had no internet access, just got home after a 7 hour drive and it's one of the biggest losers of the day back down to around $35???
im literally all in no this shit someone told me it was the "Chiense Ethereum" but it appears i was fooled... anyone care to explain??
?
You fucking idiots never learn.
>he believed it>he deserves it
they have some clown on twitter hyping up old newseveryone found out it was old news (microsoft dev contest) and dumped
they had news about neo, guys thought its goverment related, it was shit news, neo got dumped again
>chase pumps>question nothingNext up: POWR
Its all over
4485043seriously??
why the fuck is old fake news propagated like that?
shouldn't the first response to it be "THIS IS OLD/FAKE!"
and shut it down instantly?
i shouldn't even type this but I'm literally all in for $170,000 this is makin me sick right now.
I mean its not over it seems to have maintained ~35 for quite awhile before so hopefully it doesn't drop any further, but its still a big goddamn hit.
fuck this shit im pissed
Why would you go all in for 170k on a pump knowing you can't follow it?How did you get 170k on the first place your a fucking idiot
Our only hope is another bullrun im down 15% with 5 figures.
It will either take a long time or never happen.
Everyone sell your NEO so we can laugh at this guy even harder
Chink CEO hyped the news.
It was literally nothing, they will hold a hackaton or some shit.
>muh 3 lives of luck
4485112calm your fucking tits, neo always pumps.
i'm a bit older, 45, i accumulated a lot over the years, i was in stocks for quite a few years and made decent gains, then started in crypto a couple years ago, bought a little BTC and bought ETH under $100 and held until ~$300dumb luck honestly.
anyway the way people were talking about NEO i thought $43 was cheap and that we were going well over $100 immediately, i thought i'd come bakc from this skitrip to see $120 or something for an easy 3x and was gonna sell off $170k worth at that point and hold the restit all comes crashing down.
im so fucking pissed right now.
my fiance wants is asking me to come eat and i cant even face her right now i might snap.
>buy ATH pump>don't sell when news are shitty>complain when price dropsWho could have guess this outcome?
Wait a minute my ID starts with RNB i KNEW IT It was the chinks all along AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
4485112Neo has entered a "bad loop", not entirely unlike ARK and DGB.
Why would newcomers buy into neo when it's so evident big guys are gonna dump at the slighest chance of breaking even?
Less people entering means more bagholders desperate to break even and the situation is worsened.
Let's hope neo recovers.
the microsoft collaboration was posted here days before too lolsomeone found it in code on their githubbut after the twitter announcement the shills took over
No but WTC got Chinese local government endorsement, does any one ever fucking read before they invest.
you know why ppl want you to buy NEO?
because they bought at less than 1 USD, they just want you to make them rich
This is gold.. Just hold
Thats why you boomers need neets like me to advice you what to do, If you use my service you pay me a cut of the profits, this shit is to hardcore for older people.
Sorry to hear about your loss.
Perhaps donating some money to a poor college student will make you feel better?
;)
Throw all that NEO in the neo wallet and generate a shit ton of gas and just wait for the next moon mission.
say what now?
WHY THE FUCK DO YOU GUYS GO ALL-IN ON FUCKING HYPE NEWS?JESUSFUCKDIVERSIFY AND FUCKING HOLD, YOU MONGS
Usually, you buy the rumor and sell the news.
If a coin has already pumped a shit-tonne in 1-3 days - don't hope on the bandwagon.Because the bangwagon is headed towards shit valley
am a pajeet (started with ~200$) and i literally went all in POWR a few days ago to build some stack so i can diversify.
worked out well so far, on 2x profits.
get rekt
You got lucky.
You will lose it all on the next coin that doesn't moon
he means the NEON wallet at neo.org/download
Where'd you go skiing anon?
Im going to Killington this weekend
Heh i sold you 400 of my bags and bought in again at 35.
50 neo extra.
The market is too easy.
what is stop lossmoney making has never been so easy.
Because they're idiots
whats the deal with bittrex?, werent they suppose to allowing people their gas this week?