what are some ways for a studying europoor to make 30 euros a day (enough to pay for everything for me)?i can program but don't know where to go
Go to /pol

where are you from?You should be able to get any kind of shitty parttime job for like 10€ per hour.
If you study some kind of engineering you might get even quite a bit more per hour.
So 3hours work per dayGo to a company that does something interesting you like.
Then you not only make money, but you get work experience and a foot in the door - and will have much better chances after you graduate.
This might benefit you in the long run more then making the money with less efford doing some bullshit
What are you studying?Do you or your relative know about kids that need private lessons in math or some other stuff?The job is easy, the hard part is starting a network of students that need your services.Try with fliers in schools.You can ask up to 15€/hour depending on how wealthy the family is.
I feel like I would be pretty good at tutoring math (doing pure math at uni, straight HD's) but I'm not sure how to go about finding people to tutor.
BRRRRAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAPPPPPPPP
ask your socialist government for neetbux
Do you have a problem with socialism?
Im europoor tooIf he is living in a contry where 30€ /day makes one comfy, then assume shitty job salary 3-4 € / hr10€/ hr shitty job kekeke, thats a doctors salary here
Solid brap
You are very deluded.
Neetbux in Eastern Europe practically do not exist.
It is 65€/ mo.
Rent + food costt 500€/mo.
And you ahve to sweep streets for 30hrs/ month to actually get those neetbuxWelcome to hell
Emigrate, literally no reason not to move to some of the better Euroop countries
If you don't, you don't deserve to be alive.
So you don't believe the government has some measure of responsibility to look after the people?
I don't mean to give free handouts and let people sit around and do nothing, but to look after the people by ensuring they are properly educated and know how to look after themselves.
Get a job at McDonalds.
/thread