Price is like .048 cents.
I have 400k REQ about to get up to half a mill REQ tokens soon if it keeps dipping like this famalamSooner or later once all this buttcoin drama goes away, everyone will be wishing they could have gotten in on the next ETH unicorn like us
Total supply is 1 billion though20 times more than eth
you're going to become the new link bagholders, its pretty fucking obvious.
I'll say what I think, if you're putting all your bags in this one coin then you're not very smart
but if it get to 50cents this guy makes 200k$
300k here.
Kinda salty I didn't sell some at 22k, could have get much more now.
Still comfy tho.
Is this a meme now?
Why would coin supply matter?
Already all in.
Accumulated nearly to 7 digits REQ.
It would be dumb not too.
That number will diminish over time.
rip
Do they have a burn plan?
When?
How?
Me too I'm ready to die by this coin.
950k req here
Nobody cares about supply.
Just Look the market Cap.
Are pajeets so dumb...?4321793
Kek i stay away from penny shit coins likebthe plaque
Pajeet, you're drunk, go home
And the coin supply determines how much 1 REQ will be worthGo all in on ripple why don't you
Ripple 8 B mcap>REQ 30 M mcapKeep watching the coin supply.
Pajeet.
yea but someone holding 1 million reqis worth 1 million$ if it goes to 1$
If my nigger fuck BTC transfer ever clears Bittrex, I'd load up on more REQ.20 hours I've been waiting
fucking deluded, next ETH, what the fuck.
I hold 10k of these, ready to flip them but this isn't going above 40 million marketcap.
There are alternatives to eth such as NEO and QTUM, request is not a blockchain platform for hosting ICOs on.
It won't be the next OMG, it won't.
Stop being retarded and look at the bigger picture please, So many people on /biz/ are just so fucking stupid it so unbelieveable.
You're going to lose a lot of money, you're going to miss out on opportunities on other coins because you invest into this one token.
It is a stupid move
I'll dump my bags on your stupid pajeet head at 50c
Screencapped.
Don't forget your words, you will see this pic again in 3 months.
:)
Piss off pajeet, learn what a marketcap is.
k?So like 500$ worth?
I honestly think fudding about coin supply is the new meme of the month.
Its how much I'm willing to risk on this start up token.
I don't believe in it I don't care about it, I'm here to make money so I think its just a token to ride the pump and GTFO, its not a long term hold.
Many ICOs will come out I will ride them too.
I always did this and I've made good profit off this.
Request seems like a little faliure in this regard.
I picked it up at 600 sats and sold at 1000 sats, picked it up again at 700 sats, the only reason why I picked it up again was because it was still under ICO price, once it rallies good above ICO I'm dumping it and moving on to the next ICO I think will pump.
ok
Weak hands.
Weak vision.
Great moon when?
This market is now for swing trading, its been like this for the past 3 months if you was too slow to catch on.
HOLD HOLD HOLD for months on end and you'll end up with risk.How much I've made on these $500 investments?
Sometimes 400% lots of the time over 100% gains.
What are you doing holding request for years?
You seriously think this token will outpace all these upcoming icos and already developed coins?
I'm not trying to be baised its just there's too many people that think like you.
For example on link omg ark neo walton modum etc... they all think the same, we all can't be winners until new money starts flowing in crypto like it did in the middle of this year.
Pretty much choose any altcoin and you're a winner when new money flows in.
just sold all mine I bought in at .0019this going lower
People are retarded.
Payment processing is a multi-billion dollar industry.
OmiseGo had a billion dollar marketcap at one point based off a dude holding a skateboard with an apple logo on it.
I'm not saying you shouldn't swing trade or take profits but if you can't see the huge potential in holding REQ then you're being short-sighted.
This isn't just another alt shitcoin.
you are retarded.
the value in USD doesnt matter.
what matters is the %
Because it determines how easily and quickly it can move to multiples of itself.If a coin has a billion market it's so much harder to move the price, which requires higher volumes of capital flowing in than a 10 million market cap coin.
Full stop.There are actually people this stupid on /biz/.
None of that garbage that you managed to punch into the keyboard with the Dorito-coated sausages even vaguely resembles an argument or proper sentence.
Re-read the post you replied to and ask yourself if you answered the question.
Coin supply and marketcap are not the same thing.
Coin supply is irrelevant.
I hope you understand this and you just misread the question.
If not, then you are an idiot.
Rofl He is right with his calculation, why would you mark him?
based off a dude holding a skateboard with an apple logoYea it couldnt be because omise is a half billion dollar chink company that rode the waves from the neo moon
Supply means nothing.
REQ is 636 million btw, the circulating supply.
By the time 1 billion is floating around, the value and usage of the token would be everywhere.
Same happens with LINK.Now$100 fiat in BTC or in REQ, buys you $100 worth of BTC or REQ.You get 0.01635 BTCYou get 2500 REQBTC has a market cap of 100 billion dollars.REQ has a market cap of 30 million.BTC has to get an unbelievable 200 billion dollars market cap for your 0.01635 to be worth $200 in fiat.If REQ gets to a market cap of 350 million (half of OMG's) your 2500 REQ are now worth $1375 in fiat.If you're too dumb to get it, please leave crypto.
When moon?
40k here.
All in and comfy.
Cant wait for the release at the end of the month.
See you on the moon
The only reason I brought req is because i like the logo
Well done anon.Illiterate skateboardfags BTFO.
1.4m here.
also have 500 omg stocked up.OMG is mainly in Asia, with ING REQ likely will get its first foot out in the EU, REQ has usecases that haven't been tried elsewhere.
I feel comfy hodling both.
Prediction for the future?
This shit only knows one way so far and that is down
I mean this only as legitimate, caring, advice.
Consider sticking to a day job just enough to challenge you - taxi driver / factory floorman / prostitute are all viable options.
If you are this stupid you actually will save yourself a huge amount of emotional turbulence in your life if you just stick to the simply stuff in life and try to get away from anything that requires average or higher intelligence.
who says we are investing in one token?Literally buying 10,000k of REQ is nothing.
being so stupid you miss what they mean.
They're referring to the inevitable price action comparable to eth.
They don't think it's a platform like eth you retard.
one off quintsYou deserve this for your retarded strategy.
REQ is literally the last crypto you want to do this on.
I'll be glad when you lose your money and you kys.
Only prediction I can make is that both projects will follow their roadmap--on application release--REQ could see tremendous growth if only there is backing from a major bank or financial body.We are betting on speculation right now, I never expected it to go up for either token till Q1/Q2.
If banks really are interested in these types of platforms we might see another April but for tokens.
4325010Mmm the feels of the salty, bring more when I make much more soon while you'll be waiting for your request token to go up 5% and shout moon and flood this whole board
sitting on a nice stake.
comfy