Whoever posts their Ark wallet passphrase in this thread gets 100 Ark.Be quick, I'm only giving it out to the first 5 anons to do so.
Kike Nigger Rope Noose Oven Tranny Gay
OP FAGGOT HE SURE IS
T H E
CONFERENCE
Reeeee.... How did you get my seed
What is the guarantee you won't use my passphrase for nefarious purposes?
STUTTERINK
I won't.
I just don't know how else to transfer the money in, so I'll send it from my Bittrex wallet once I have the passphrase.
Any takers?
If you post it in the next 30 minutes I'll throw in an extra 20.
NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER NIGGER
Wait, wallet address or 12 word passphrase?
word passphrase.
you think people are this dumb ?
kek
I just don't know how else to transfer the money in, so I'll send it from my Bittrex wallet once I have the passphrase.But the process is easy, you just input the address in the withdraw tab.
Giving the passphrase is basically believe in random 4chan stranger not to use it nefariously :O
boat truth wedge lamp pole rabbit glass fine crop sheath paper equip
Yes, but I have a very large amount of Ark and don't want my address to be known.
If you post your passphrase, it will be much easier.
Do you have an email address?
You can just privately send it to me there, if that's more comfortable for you.
wait delete this!!
salmon what thing castle never seven running wrapper blue hedge boat seen
I cannot believe people are falling for this.
KYS
Yes, but I have a very large amount of Ark and don't want my address to be known.But you're sending it from Bittrex, lmfao.How retarded or Indian do you have to be to try this scam?
4305127What's your address so I can send it to you guys?
Thanks senpai!AU1KCAzmXBGWzVHsuNHKAUKf2Sk6WinTT4
Hahah yeah right no one would be that dumb.
Thanks for memeing with me tho fampai
Original cloud run wildebeest screeching motor Poster fine lemon purple Sodomizer reach my address: OaPn2pu8ISxzAwFuAGeGOuTt637j9ho2ertthanks senpai!!!
Good times kek
motor fork rookie dinner lesson bag shell suspect embrace problem latin unableI have 10,000 ARK.
Please don't steal :(
o-ok
the run stuttering yesterday releaved to world the the potheads that conference
indoor parent diamond solution exit mule woman yard firm post labor crewAP1hm7F9RFU7vqB3MTjb1EGhLddoc6zaLHthanks anon!
LOL, I see what you did there ;)
you deserve it to be stolen
op is a faggot and I hope he dies of aids kysOaPn2pu8ISxzAwFuAGeGOuTt637j9ho2ert