Any software engineers on this board?What is your favorite project?I know a few that are extremely impressive.Starts with a Q ends with a M. Team is well known.Starts with a W ends with a S. Very impressive platform... currently fastest blockchain in the world.
You prob know which project I'm talking about.Do not disclose the project name.
QTUM?
WAVES?
nice just bought 100k
unironically bitcoin, most altcoins are unnecessarily complex
shhhh we shill meme pump and dumps, idiot
Recently, as in just yesterday, I red pilled myself on Monero.Even if you think it's total shit, from a technical point of view it's interesting to read up on.
The project that starts with a ''A'' rebranded to N.I suspect they have only a few developers.
Please take a look their daily commits compared to Project Q.
I'll give you 1 freebie.
OmiseGo doesn't have a working blockchain.
Bitcoin is exceedingly simplistic.
What do you think about a very small mktcap coin similar to stratis (enterprise solutions) starting with "N" ending with "O" but 6 letters not 3
My favorite:Starts with a G ends with a S. An actual solution to a real world problem using blockchain
>What do you think about a very small mktcap coin similar to stratis (enterprise solutions) starting with "N" ending with "O" but 6 letters not 3It's hyped up project.
It's ok from a technical pov.
Nothing too spectacular.
Look their daily commits on github compare that to project Q.Do you understand what I mean with hype?
Undervalued coins.hints : Scocainefogrussian teamico was a disaster.Released this year.Do not disclose the name... fuck you if you do.
Cindicator!
Not cindicator.
Oligarch will RULE all the cryptos
Swiss quality
Over 2000 coins zillions of new ICO's.Around 5000-6000 blockchain engineers/architects in existence.96 or 97% of the projects can't deliver.Good luck finding out which can.
Undervalued Coin not hyped, low-radar, massive massive potential.
Serious project.Hints : -cocaine-Infrastructure as a Service for ICO's or crypto currencies.-p2p market place-F.O.G-distributed networking-russian team : ICO launched this year.-Not a prediction market but distributed net.........-Not a value meme coin - serious utility.-Don't fall for the value-holding meme, it's not future-proof especially against consumer grade quantum hacks.