I tell you this because it was a nice /biz/tard who told me about confido just before the whitelist closed.5 minutes ago, I sold my last CFD from ICO.
Turned 2 ETH into 26 ETH within 2 days.
It was a wild ride but I unloaded my bags since the Kucoin announcement this midday.No one cares about use case or the project.
It's all about the hype.
I planned on holding till Friday morning (announcement) and then sell just before but Kucoin published it early.
Now there is no reason for this to hype or news to look forward to.
Another exchange will be announced next week but even binance won't make a difference at this stage.It just got it's last pump-worthy update by cmc adding its marketcap.
But this pump will wear off soon.The next milestones will be alpha release and beta release but they are far away.The 4 graduate devs can sell their tokens at beta release for literally millions.
They are also ridiculously unprofessional with their comments in telegram.
This will maybe touch a market cap of 10mil, yes.
But the risk of it to go down from here steadily is very high.
I hope you learned your lesson from DNT and co.Call this FUD or whatever but you have been warned.
Good for you op seriously,Now buy something smart like EDO
Eyeing with LINK once it dips a bit and Dragonchain once it trades (didn't have a lot ETH at ICO).
Might keep 10 ETH for other ICOs
 Turned 2 ETH into 26 ETH within 2 daysThis is the profit that the Devs literally left on the table for you.
They could have raised 10Million, but they chose not to and you got to enjoy the benefits.
This was not, however, the real pump to come.
> Another exchange will be announced next week but even binance won't make a difference at this stageYou think going to Binance from ED/KC doesn't make a difference?
Are you new?>I hope you learned your lesson from DNTDNT broke a 200Million market cap before declining.
You realize this is barely 5M right?
The fact that you felt the need to post this shows you aren't confident in your decision.
The reason you aren't confident is because you know you just sold the future of Crypto online commodity commerce at a 5M market cap.I want you to go to coinmarket cap and compare the coins that break 15M coins to Confido.
Pic related.