would some nuls bros shill me on why I should buy in?
It takes a lot of disparate connecting for a westerner to put it together it seems, but from what I have gathered they provide customizable backends in the form of side chains to Chinese enterprise.
There are aspects of NEO in that it can be a platform, aspects of Walton, as they provide supply chain logistics, and aspects of Ven as they provide an anti-counterfeiting protocol.
All of those features are already present in their parent chain.Partnered with Inchain already.
Actually the same devs.They have some kind of deal with a huge chinese payroll and accounting firm.Tip NULS: 0x57be386377891edf90f2089e7e136e239b7f32f3
shitcoin, their road map is 5 yrs away from now , by that time your portfolio becomes zero.
this desu.
its hard to find info because you have to browse CN forums with translator, but this project is really promising.
a lot of the biz fud has been based around them not having good communication with westerners, but regardless as soon as development continues and more news comes there is no telling how high this could go desu.
similar FUD around WTC when it was at $.70 and downloaded a video to your pc whenever you went to their site, now look at them months later.now is probably the best time to accumulate with BTC/BCH going on
Shitcoin
4310241thank you for your replies.
do you know if i can sweep a private key in Binance?
my btc is offline
shitcoinnot an argument.
hmmmm
From the same thread.
you seem to be in the know.
how much have you invested?
I'm not in the know anymore than anyone else here.
And I'm holding just over 1250 NULS.
I just understand that we really did hear about this one before it was "priced in".
Then came the one belt, one road & Inchain connections.
But I'm a poorfag who only started in June.
Still, this shit screams NEO, OMG & WTC all over again.
Mostly from FUD attempts against it.
Did you see how many shit threads were up on day 2 from that one guy using meme-generator?
4310138The purpose of them spamming multiple threads is to meme trips and quads so it reaches reddit as a 4chan meme.It makes sense now.
i did not, but i see your point.
it's partly why i'm thinking about it.
if it does anything similar to WTC, OMG, or NEO i'd be on a beach somewhere for the rest of my life......
hmmmmmm
well let me put it to you this way.
NULS has only been out for 16 days and has an estimated market cap of ~27M (just under actually).
Now refer back to my first post Now, in comparison;Ven has a market cap of $63,672,295 WTC has a market cap of $117,887,146OMG has a market cap of $703,098,692 NEO has a market cap of $1,765,712,000
lol, nice pepe.
i agree, the upside is there.
however, it could also just sit for a year and do nothing.
do you know of any upcoming news/announcements/releases?
Yes, apparently there is an AMA coming up in the next few hours somewhere.
I've also heard that the technical yellowpaper is a coming out some time later this week.
Other than that things seem to be a bit lost in translation.
But I can hardly expect a chinese company to put the translation considerations of westerners first when they are trying to establish something for themselves beforehand.
agreed.
i'll check out their paper when it comes out for more info