My fellow lurkers, I think we should take a moment and recapitulate what happened in the last days with the intention of making fun of all those who lost money "the flippening".
This is actually comedy gold, I hope I get it right so far.>BCC pumps somewhat before seg2x was canceled, due to "unknown" reasons after being around at 300$ steadily (accumulation for insiders.
)>S2x was canceled (maybe for this sole reason) and after a while BCC shoots up even more because of an orchestrated pump to start the FOMO phase.
BCC price is already x3.>Massive BCC shilling way beyond the usual dimension started, indicating something fishy is already going on, however idiots don't care and buy.
Probably paid shills who just shouted "BUY BUY BUY" and spread lots of fake information about hashrate/miners will switch over etc.>At this point BCC is about 5x.
Now the fun part starts.>Idiots start buying BCC up to seriously fucking 2500$ - already x10 of its price a few weeks back>Crashes -50% within minutes, idiots panic sell at a loss.>Dead cat bounce, idiots buy up to 2000$ again.>Crashes even harder, idiots panic sell at a loss again.>Same story to up about 1500$.It is not easy to even fathom the delusions of people seriously thinking "Oh yeah, let's flip the most resilient time-tested cryptocurrency with the most backing, hype and support that literally came out on top as a winner EVERY TIME since 2009 and short it, only to invest its aborted twin brother.
What could possibly go wrong?".
But it was very amusing nonetheless.
Maybe some people learned their lesson that they are always sheep when buying into a pump.Haha.
I'm less entertained.
But I'm very glad that a lot of people are being 'punished' for betraying Bitcoin
The insane fud of the flippening made me exit all my positions.
I honestly thought the whole market was going to collapse.
I'm now still holding USD... Fuck Rodger and Jihan
I don't understand why everything was freaking out.
It only dropped to 5.5k that's what it was a couple weeks ago anyway.
Doesn't everyone know by now every time BTC crashes it rallies to a new ATH.
$8k in a week
BTC rocketed from 5900ish to 6500ish in like 4-5 hours.
Might want to get back into BTC asap.
When USA wakes up tomorrow and realizes BTC is finally no longer going down - we'll be 7k around 10 AM EST.
Anybody who couldn’t see this was a pump n dump coming at them like a freight train and invested in BCH anyway deserves to lose their money.
Some people were smart and were only in it for the gains and not to dethrone the king.
Hilarious nonetheless
Don’t forget he fact that coinbase still haven’t release their BCH holdings so the supply of BCH is lower in the market.
"
an orchestrated pump"https://medium.com/@homakov/how-to-destroy-bitcoin-with-51-pocked-guide-for-governments-83d9bdf2ef6b
check the charts!
Yeah, i'll start averaging back in soon if it looks like a recovery is coming.
'punished' for betraying the shitcoin that swerved to a centralised, opposite of satoshis vision coin
I was of the few that caught the bottom of this p&d, saw BCH rising and went all in, cashed out at 1600$ doubling my money.BTC will always be king.
perfect summary.
I bought loads of BTC at 5600.
I wonder if I should have sold my 1 BCH (I bought it at 400, I'm not an idiot) but I figured maybe it's something worth in 5 years, lol.
If not, whatever.
Anyone else holding BCH just for the fun of it?
not change my BTC since July>now my wallet is good on BOTH chainsBTC+BCH=$7600 get on my level
>opposite of satoshis vision coinhttps://medium.com/@homakov/satoshi-was-wrong-cd06d2877128
the shooting star reaching $2800 was hilarious to watch, obvious fomo candle.
A bunch of people 4-5x their btc holdings from this pump and dump scam.
Wish I got to increase my holdings