Bitcoin and Bitcoin Cash are both going to coexist.I've mentioned before that you're going to want to hold onto both ends of the fork.Bitcoin cash (despite who are behind it) is useful to Bitcoin (core) in ways your average user can't grasp.Bitcoin Cash brings innovations from those with different philosophical ideas about Bitcoin back into the ecosystem.By March this board will be entirely a BTC vs BCH battleground and altcoins (yes this includes ETH/LTC/XMR) will go to the wayside.BTC + BCH will be 100k by the end of 2018.
heh, no.
>the great shillsm
what is your fundamental reasoning for this?
they compete for hashpower.
when bch is mooning, btc stalls.
how could they possibly co-exist?
seriously explain this.
bch does everything btc does and better
Diversity is a kike lie, you're just butmadd about my XRP gainz!!!
Bitcoin core and BItcoin cash preference is entirely philosophical.
Hashpower isn't the only resource in the cryptocurrency sphere and it's not the most powerful.Currently traders and some holders get scared by price fluctuations.
BCH could reach pairity with BTC and many would still not sell.Most can't comprehend a BTC + BCH situation but I assure you It is the best case scenario for all of crypto.
It is that without which the chain ceases to function.
So unless you have some reasonable scenario whereby BTC remains living despite BCH strangling its oxygen supply, I'm going to have to go ahead and call bullshit there champ.
ETH/LTC/XMR) will go to the wayside.
nope
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XL4o-_nJvOA
You truly expect everything Bitcoin built over the last few years will just disappear just because a fork got uppity?BCH's current DAA adjusts fast enough to create a fairly decent equilibrium at any price difference.If BCH holds 1 BTC value (hypothetically) it's difficulty would adjust.
This sounds like it would be disastrous for BTC but notice how all of a sudden a core member has started a company selling miner hardware?There's a bigger picture and it's a lot more complicated than hashpower (though that's still very important!
)Bitcoin cash is going to need more full nodes (mining or otherwise) to truly strike fear into core supporters and I don't see that happening right away.The equilibrium is coming and I think many traders are in for a suprise.
We all know BCH will die.They are simply trying to force BTC to accept bigger block.
You truly expect everything Bitcoin built over the last few years will just disappear just because a fork got uppity?No just the shitty parts behind the failed fork that will finally understand their tactics can't work here.> If BCH holds 1 BTC value (hypothetically) it's difficulty would adjust.
This sounds like it would be disastrous for BTC but notice how all of a sudden a core member has started a company selling miner hardware?You're not bringing on multiple exahashes within the next few days, which would be necessary to counteract this situation, and therefore it's irrelevant, even if it's not a hoax, which frankly it looks like.> Bitcoin cash is going to need more full nodes (mining or otherwise) to truly strike fear into core supporters and I don't see that happening right away.Non mining nodes don't actually matter.
That's a bullshit core meme.
They are redundant pathways into the central processing core that is mining nodes.
As long as those mining nodes are there, the blocks flow.> The equilibrium is coming and I think many traders are in for a suprise.I don't see it.
You don't seem to understand how the difficulty adjustment algorithms for both chains work, interact, or the time scales under discussion where this situation is going to unfold.
Big blocks have largely been on the table Core just has other priorities (for right or wrong)https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Hardfork_WishlistYou're underestimating BTC holders.
They're not all going to panic sell over this, any Bitcoin Cash supporter should know that.It's not about the amount of mining power exactly it's about bringing more competition into the space.Non mining nodes are useful to an extent.
Like I said the Core vs Cash debate is mostly philosophical and there certainly is space for both in the ecosystem.Bch's current DAA simply brings the difficulty up to the current price (oversimplification).
It helps BCH hold it's price but isn't enough to kill core.Bitcoin Core and Bitcoin Cash both need to unify the entire crypto community (including alts) to truly rise as victor.Until then this war will wage on.
Don't worry though.
War is profitable.
I know how this ends.
You're underestimating BTC holders.
They're not all going to panic sell over this, any Bitcoin Cash supporter should know that.Ideological idiots may not.
People who just want a valuable asset they can actually transact in however will, and it doesn't take many of those to trigger chain permafrost at all, especially at the same time BCH price is rising.> It's not about the amount of mining power exactly it's about bringing more competition into the space.And as a person that runs mining hardware I'm all for that.
You bet your ass I'm not going to ideologically mine an unprofitable fork just because some political idiot got fooled into thinking it was a good idea.
That's the core assumption of the system, miners work in their rational self interest.
And it is in the rational self interest of miners, and indeed everyone that isn't core affiliated, to kill the core fork, and so that is what is going to happen.> Bch's current DAA simply brings the difficulty up to the current price (oversimplification).
It helps BCH hold it's price but isn't enough to kill core.I don't buy "it isn't enough".
a mere doubling of the current BCH price means that it is twice as profitable to mine than BTC, 80%+ will switch and that will be lights out permanently for the core chain.And that's even assuming BTC holders are stupid enough not to sell and crater the BTC price which would amplify it even more.> Bitcoin Core and Bitcoin Cash both need to unify the entire crypto community (including alts) to truly rise as victor.No.
Fuck them, I put up with their shit for years.
I will never trust them again and never co-operate with them again in any way.
They have proven themselves to be completely worthless and cancerous and I am eager to watch them burn because of it.
No.
Fuck them, I put up with their shit for years.
I will never trust them again and never co-operate with them again in any way.
They have proven themselves to be completely worthless and cancerous and I am eager to watch them burn because of it.This is absolutely important.I don't believe that Core will get out of this unscathed.Core has grave sins to pay for.However just like  points out, Core has lots of options.Unfortunately for them few (if any) regain the trust they truly need.Don't think that means that Bitcoin Core is dead for sure
core doesn't bow down to jihan, must pay ultimate price