I know this will be a $10+ coin, but how can I make it happen faster?
Is there a way to somehow convince everyone to invest in an easy 1000x coin without sounding like a scamming pajeet shill?
Life is hard.
at least name the coin, nigger.
You should know by now if you're paying attention.Also, I'm still trying to accumulate... Luckily it's trading sideways.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aqoyBAabZg8I'm torn.
I want it to go up but also want it to stay sideways for a while so I can accumulate more.
It really sucks to be a NEET sometimes.
If I had something to do with my time (ideally something that makes money), this would be so much easier, and I could become a millionaire so fast.
I really hate this nigger economy the democrat homos left behind.
It's already 3k SAT and there will be 280 million coins.
30 coins a minute are added to circulating supply, 43k new coins / day.
Let's compare that to Expanse, with 8 million circulating coins and a 28k SAT price currently.
Basically, this shit isn't going anywhere but down and already had one low-volume pump to the current price.
http://ellaism.org/comparison/https://github.com/ellaismhttps://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/expanse/
I think you make a valid point.
Unless this project shits on Expanse by leaps and bounds.
(for anyone that doubts this look at the SIGT low volume pump and then see what happened to the price as additional supply got added)
Its not even about Expanse, it's about total supply.
This shit has 25% of Expanse's circulating supply within a few weeks and will continue adding to that at a high rate.
At 3k SAT it's over priced for where it is in development and supply and that supply will only continue to grow meaning price dilution pressure as miners sell their coins.Good luck anon, but I'm staying away.
What are you in right now?
Mostly BTC.
Some Ark that I'm staking.
I just rebought Link after I sold @ 10k SAT about a month and a half ago.
Missed the CFD ICO because I didn't have a fucking VPN (FUCK ME IN THE ASS WITH A RUSTY POLE).
I'm surprised you're in LINK with the supply it has..
I'm also a LINK fan but I don't have enough money to diversify into it right now.
Supply isn't the only thing that drives my purchasing decisions.
I'm in LINK because I bought @ Pre-sale via a Biz pool, sold the peak (first time ever) and am holding an entirely free bag.
I'm also in LINK because it solves the oracle problem and never went above ICO.Ella is another Ethereum style smart contract platform.
Their website lists multiple similar projects.
Outside of Ethereum Classic, they're all eating dick in the marketplace.
EXP has a fucking ICO platform built in and developed.
Still shitty market cap.
UBQ has fared better, but not great, and is sitting at 50m cap.
Both coins have low supply and low supply growth.
Ella has none of that shit and - even if it does - it's now a "me too" offering in a crowded space.
There are plenty of Smart Contract platforms now.
NEO, Stratis, ADA, ARDR, Ark, Lisk, EOS, KMD... you get the idea.
Ella is a drop in the bucket.
18 months ago and this would be a very different conversation.... but what purpose does Ella serve for market adoption now other than speculation?
Why only 2m circulating and 280m total

but what purpose does Ella serve for market adoption now other than speculation?I think the whole thing behind it is that it's a pure coin, no premine, an attempt to be a truly community driven coin.
I think that having some amount of a coin being premined or contributed to a developer fund, or having an ICO to support that strategy, is OK.
It creates a financial incentive for the developers to finish a project and continue iterating.