We all have seen the ongoing market manipulation by miners of Bitcoin due to their conflict with the developers over segwit2x.
Why no one is thinking to completely switch to ASIC resistance mining.
Not trying to shill Vert, GRS or any ASIC resistance coin, but the best way to get of this politically motivated (controlled?)
market is to switch to ASIC resistance coins.
Any better ideas?
Constructive ideas are very welcome, please.
Why not Proof of Stake to avoid miner drama altogether?
ETH is going for it and I am going for it afterwards
nice image retard
Asic resistance centralizes miners to asic chip manufacturers.
Vertcucks are the dumbest of the dumb.
What?
That's the exact opposite and purpose ASIC resistance.Bitcoin cash is centralizing the crypto space with it's ASIC miners
asic resistant coin>gets raped by gpu mining poolsGood job faggot
LOL ARE YOU ACTUALLY A RETARD?Asic-Resistance means its harder to mine with ASIC based chips, forcing people to mine with GPU's or CPU's.Holy fuck can you PLEASE neck yourself.
4319570you guys don't even understand what an asic chip is.
it's just a customized chip for that exact algorithm.
that's all it is.
there's a reason i said MANUFACTURERS.
they can change the design and print it on mass scale RAPIDLY.
you literally just need to change the chip design and press print.
boom, a new set of chips designed to own vertcucks.
so, you move the barrier to centralization from just owning asic chip to owning a factory.
fucking dumbasses.
Exactly and then they change their hashing algorithm and their whole manufacturing is wasted.
wrong, the chips cost literally few dollars to make.
it's just that fabricators literally cost billions of dollars to create.
you just need to buy one set of fabricators then you can change the design and keep pumping out your few dollars chips to replace for the ever changing algorithms.
GRS is a killer buy right now guaranteed 50% gains once the alt market starts moving again.
why arn't other chip manufacturers pressing boom and pumping out asics
because it's not profitable to do it for vertcucks especially when it's obviously flawed.
bitcoin already have asic manufacturers and they don't need to switch because... it's not going to change.
yeah but antminers cost $1400, why doesn't someone with a printer press go and sell to neets for $40
And if that unlikely event were to happen the vert team would do a soft fork... end of story.
Because people are buying antminers at $1400?
Holy fuck, vertcucks not even once.
BITCOIN GOLD LAUNCHES TODAYITS A COIN THAT CAN ONLY BE MINED WITH GPU, AND HAS THE BITCOIN NAME!!
and you still don't understand.
delusional vertcucks.
AND HAS THE BITCOIN NAME!
!the absolute state of crypto
saged and reported because of the image.
engineering an ASIC can cost billions and at least months if not years just to get to a working unit.
Then comes de mass production process which must be paid in advance for the first few batches.
The simple increase in the blockchain size can inutilize the ASIC and the whole process could have to be redone.
That's why miners hates the idea that their farms became useless.
untrue, only the machines cost billions, but after that it's just changing the design of the asic.
so, it would be centralized by the factory owners...
It's really undervalued right now
Mining always gets centralized to people with free electricity aka chinese people.
And the devs premined the shit out of it...
PoS doesn't necessarily solve the problem though.
Rich fags like Jihan can still manipulate the market with their hundred millions.
https://download.wpsoftware.net/bitcoin/asic-faq.pdf