I know people have been wrong in the past, when bitcoin was $1, when it was $100, when it was $1000, etc.
People now look at that and think "well if I had only invested 2 years ago, I would be rich.
Therefore if I invest now, in 2 years from now I will be rich.
"But I have a troubling feeling that right now is different.
Right now all this crypto shit is on the verge of adoption - real use cases.
The hype in terms of offering pretty dreams divorced from reality is at its peak moment now.
After this, after all these ICOs get broken in, after all these early big-name coins start to mature, and people begin demanding REAL things from their coins, their smart contracts, etc... there's a big chance that the space as a whole will fail to deliver.Think about Chainlink and how much hype there was when it was in its relatively unknown "promise" stage... you were promised the moon, so you bought eagerly.
Then, when hype met the real world, everything was deflated and came crashing down against lukewarm reception and a more realistic duller view of its potential.
I have a feeling the entire crypto market is in for something like that.
It's a massive case of "buy the rumor, sell the news."
Right now the rumor (dreams) are in full force.
Soon the news (lackluster reality) will come, and there will be a massive sell-off, from which we will never recover.Just because they were wrong in the past about the price of bitcoin before, doesn't mean they are going to be wrong forever.
And I think this is that moment.
chicken teeka
You're thinking too emotionally.
Sorry about your link bags.
I'm really not.
I thought this before link.
The irony is that I think YOU'RE thinking emotionally when you think this stuff will just keep going up because it always did before.
masala with an extra naan please bossman.
sounds like you spend too much time around altcoins
i don't get this meme.
are you implying that anyone with a pessimistic view of the crypto market is of indian descent?
faggot why do you think there a lot of threads popping up about taxes and how to cash out?
while it's true that bitcoin and its ilk are relatively insulated from having to meet any expectations with regards to real-world use, since it's only slated to be a "store of value," i think if crypto as a whole turns out to be a dud then bitcoin by extension will fall with it.
at the very least, it will not undergo any significant gains, and all the large profits that have been made have already been extracted and we are all just late-comers slurping up someone else's sloppy seconds.
.0548936231589 btc + 0.000063987 fee sirs
I didn't say I thought it was going to up just because it did before, it's going to keep going up because blockchain technology has not reached it's true value yet.
Think about where Bitcoin is in terms of adoption, probably around 0.1% - 1% of total adoption.
Now there's an even smaller portion of that money in altcoins.
They've (the ones that will be deemed the 'winners') reached .001% adoption.Their prices will eventually equal out to what they are truly worth, some are certainly overvalued right now.Shit just takes time.
Again sorry about link, give it 2-3 years.
nah, bubbles are bubblin when the mass normie money has been coming IN for some time to the point your shoeshine boy /barber / bartender etc is offering stock tips.
THAT, is when you get out.
we're not even fucking close yet anon
then sell everything so you can sa the same in 2 years
i have no idea what you're talking about and i don't think you have an intelligent idea of what you mean by "0.1% - 1% total adoption".
do you mean bitcoin hasn't literally replaced all fiat as the universal world currency yet?
ok, well by those standards perhaps we have a LOT of room to grow.
but that's a pipe dream, and i don't see us making ANY sort of reasonable progress to getting there.
right now it's just an inert hunk of "digital gold" that you can't even transact with.
and that's my point.
the more bitcoin and other cryptos start to DISAPPOINT investors, the sooner it will crash.
i think, with hype reached up to your absurd standards as shown by your ignorant post, that we are well on our way to disappointing a lot of eager early adopters.
no, bubbles do not necessarily have to be an all-encompassing global phenomenon that involves your average person.
local bubbles can occur in various industries that get hyped up, and then tossed aside and then abandoned without "normal people" giving much of a thought nor care.
you fell into the fallacy of assuming that if crypto is a bubble, then it MUST reach dotcom stock bubble proportions, or housing bubble proportions, or global economy proportions.
but that's not true at all.
you are giving way too much credit to crypto already when you assume that.
Yea I think so too, the only real commercially feasible use-case for crypto is payments, and bitcoin does that just fine, sure the fees are a bit high, but they can fix that.Every other ICO is a total scam
Yes, have you considered the possibility of these brilliant men, at least the legitimate ICOs, may be on to the something?
Think Apple, Amazon, GPS, and countless industries that were given a repeated no.
Until it came time forThem to show up, and watch as everyone shuts up.
That’s the future I believe in.
Oh hoh, we’re just getting started baby.