Time is running out.....
is this one of the pbc things like cvc?
arkumulated from 2 to 4k, am I going to make it?
Yes, deluded arkie.
Yesssssss
Holding since September.
Have a few extra grey hairs now but I really believe this is a great project.
My God, fucking ARKies.
Will they ever learn?
Will the cold and hard reality of their idiotic financial decisions ever be realised by their pea-brain heads?
What's it like ARKie?
What's it like to live in this world of make believe where you can just dump all your financial assets into this shit-tier vaporware project and someone manage not jump off the nearest bridge headfirst because you are so goddamn stupid it brings shame to your entire family.
Enjoy your twitchy assholes and empty bank accounts ARKie, cause that's all you'll ever get throwing cash and this stupid coin.
I've been holding since June.Such a comfy feeling
*jump off the nearest SMARTbridge ;)
Dgb holder detected
whos the kike messing with my biz classic payout, i hit a good faucet number yesterday now its like it didnt happen.
why even have the faucet if you reverse bigger wins
We had a unique database issue last night which is now resolved, but it resulted in the last 24 hours of faucet rolls being wiped.
No other data was lost, nothing was compromised.
To compensate, we've upped the faucet payouts for 48 hours.
I forgot my biz classic username, how do I fix this or contact you guys?
I BOUGHT 150 YESTERDAY NOW BECAUSE OF BTC IT'S DOWN 10% FUUUCK.
Wish I could see these dips in advance though, for real.
what the FUCK i rolled 10k twice yesterday!
Was wondering why it was paying out more at the moment.
Have you put in a more regular cronjob for backups so this doesn't happen again?
Not a big deal though, 24 hours isn't that much, and you said it only applied to the faucet gainz right?
The backups actually caused the issue.
Our disk became full for the first time, so the backups and tx logs failed to write/corrupted, and we had to rerun the payout script, which is stateless so it doesn't matter if it fails, we can always rerun it - but we can't do the same for the faucet rolls.
We're putting measures in place to prevent this from ever happening again.
sent ;)PM one of us in the discord, or if you don't care about your username being posted publicly you can post your address here along with roughly the last login date/time you remember and I can look it up.
Our disk became full for the first timeI meant remote backups.
You..do keep offsite backups right.
Seems you have it all worked out though, the non faucet pending data is more important anyway.
This ride, it never ends.
Offsite backups were taken after the on-disk ones, which is no help if the on disk backup screws everything up.
We're now taking live backups externally first, as well as on-disk after increasing the disk size, then verifying them both.
Due to how complex our payout system is, order of operations matters and it caused a fuckup last night.
It is impossible for staked payouts to screw up because in a doomsday scenario where EMPs wipe out all our backups, we can recalculate owed amounts as far back as we want without relying on a database.
what does this gif even meanisnt that green biz that fag delegate who fucked up the script and exit scammed the rest of the ark ?
How new are you?
It's just a prank buddy boy, I imagine non-arkies on /biz/ get sick and tired of the biz_classic delegate and ARK.
We're all deluded.
Hi!
5 trillion chainlink threads a day>maybe 3 threads about ark a day probably lessdont worry were fine
Remember the original /biz/ delagate?
The kid had a dentist appointment and forgot to pay people out.
And then sent all the payouts to one guy.
Glad you guys replaced him.