>Be too retarded to trade normally>Have 5k to invest>Invest 100 into every single new crypto coin Is there any way not to get rich by this?
You will lose money doing this.
Most coins will fail.
Some guy on reddit tried this last year and he wrote a whole blog on it.
If you wanna diversify, diversify in stocks.
Winning the pajeet coin game is all about betting on coins that /biz/ doens't talk about.
If biz says "buy this altcoin" sell it immediately.
If they don't talk about a coin at all, then research it and consider buying it.Right now, crypto is going balls to the walls so you might want to hold off for a week or two until things cool down.
How many are they really?Isn't it all it requires is a single of these coins brought at maybe 0.2 to get way higher.
Many have done this.
It should not be hard for 100 to become 5k.
you are effectively creating a goods basket.The net wager is that the value of crypto as a whole market will increase.
So far thats been true, so its not a bad idea really.
Don't do this.
You need to research at least a little bit.
join coffeecoin ico.
coffeecoin won't exactly become the next bitcoin, but with its ico you can easily get a x10 in value.
Dump the 5k into a crypto fund, there are many to choose from
I'm not saying dumping 5k right into everything right now, but imagine having around 100 $ to spend on coins every month, pick what you think will succeed, next month pick a new one, read a bit about it etc.
100 $ is really not that much.
1 coin moons, +5k coins fail, -$4900That's assuming your moon is +5,000%
Do you have a link for the blog, guy?
Sounds interesting
 coins success +20k46 fail -$4600.
every singleMost of them are scams senpai
Dump the 5k into a crypto fundWhich are the best?
Don't be a retard.
Put all of it into 1 of following (or split, all safeish established options set to 2x or more over next few months):>WAVES>NEO>ETP>EDO>EOS>LSK
What do you think the return would be on spending that 5k to do an ICO?Like, hypothetically.