
You thought tether wasn't a scam?
No, I thought it's look fishy too.
Is this all legal shit or can Tether be traded back for USD?
If not, are they literally just printing money?
Literally printing money.
They are creating a fractional reserve.
They are making a huge bubble that will blue up in or faces
nothing is happening.
tether continues to be a scam and everyone keeps trading until the judgement day.
Why do exchanges like trex and polo support this shit?
This is going to be a real shit show.
We're all going to get fucked when this scam comes down.
blue up in or faces
because all you fags are too brainlet to use the current DEXes so we're stuck with trex and all these other centralized exchanges until the DEXes hire some UI devs.
They're not though, I just took a look at their website and it seems you can redeem USDT for USD.
They're not though, I just took a look at their website and it seems you can redeem USDT for USD.yeah you probably can redeem bitconnect gains tooright until too many people will decide to do that simultaneously and the bubble bursts
No, you can't.
When you try to redeem your usdt for USD they just tell you to sell your usdt for BTC because its "easier"....
we've known this since day 1
No, Tone.
You make yourself look like a fool.
Have you experienced this yourself?
I don't intend on getting USDT just to test this out.I do get that all the signs are there.
I asked if anyone had redeemed usdt for usd to a couple big crypto twitter accounts and thats what they all said happens.
I read the same thing on their website that you should be able to redeem usdt for usd though.
I was able to about a year and a half ago, granted it was only a few hundred but it worked
4302487
>shitcoiners getting shitted
Did Tone really JUST find this out?
lol.
The TOS has been like this for a year or so.
Making himself look dumb You can get USD for Tether.
They're just saying that if they get Gox'd, they don't owe you anything.
Like musical chairs but with all your money.
To play devils advocate: compare to a gold etf.
There is no delivery option, you are just exposed to an asset.