
>itshappening.jpg
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5hxibHJOE5E
This will dump badly, sell while you can
Still can't believe I made it in early.
Let's GOOO.
I have been JUST too many times.
I'm the OP from last night that talked about NULS.
It was severely undervalued (was 9m cap when I bought), so I gave the shill a shot and went ham.
I knew it'd at least double but didn't expect it to rise so quick.
Cashed out and now am /comfy/.
A $40m valuation on a coin with no wp, no team, and no roadmap is insane.Team is supposedly delivering the WP tomorrow, so that should be good for those who bought at the high today.For it to go to $2, though, it needs to have an $80m market cap.
Not even VeChain (established partnerships) has that MC yet.
Lol nobody is buying your fud anymore This moon mission is so real for so many already.
You're just pissed, but it's not too late
wew
I'm the OP from last night that talked about NULS.
It was severely undervalued (was 9m cap when I bought), so I gave the shill a shot and went ham.
I knew it'd at least double but didn't expect it to rise so quick.
Cashed out and now am /comfy/.
A $40m valuation on a coin with no wp, no team, and no roadmap is insane.Team is supposedly delivering the WP tomorrow, so that should be good for those who bought at the high today.For it to go to $2, though, it needs to have an $80m market cap.
Not even VeChain (established partnerships) has that MC yet.
nice copypasta faggot I read this post in another thread I still have open in another tab.
4262217lmao this fud
4262217 thread old pastathat's stale m8s
FUUUUUUUCKneed them nuls
nuls(developed by java)Their github is even worse than the website
No killer moon mission is complete without fudding parasites afraid to venture forth
Fucking gooks don't use github
>this picture says everything anybody needs to know about cryptocurrency and there are still nocoiners
FUUUCK I just sold this shit yesterday for small gains
Developed by javaThey should change their name to NulPointerExceptions
Some have to fall by the wayside.
You didn't believe.
their >jvm< will blow your portfolios.
THE PROPHECY
THE PROPHECY!