You have 30 seconds to tell your 2007 (you) anything you want.
Go.
MINE BITCOIN IN 2009
Mine btc and hold til 2017.
Stock markets gonna crash, buy as much as you can.
Bet bigly on trump.
Fuck your gfs 3 sisters, they’re all down.
Gonna have to go with this.
BITCOIN BITCOIN BITCOIN$7000 2017
 seconds and I would literally rule the earth.
"Buy credit default swaps on subrime housing loans.
Don't waste your time on double a only triple loan shorts that pay off 200-1.
Then mine bitcoin in 2009. invest in ethereum ico.
Hold till 2017 april.
Buy ripple in april.
Buy antshares in june.
Buy Equifax puts in august.
Buy amazon, and alphabet calls and shares in October.
Monthlies.
Have 100 billion dollars.
at least.
buy THAT pizza place>receive 10k bitcoins for two pizzas one day>make sure the pizzas are delicious and add a note stating: "you will face eternal regret, buy antshares to make up for it".
Short the housing market
Don't worry about and "crypto" bullshit currency you hear about Go all in on enron, definetly bury all your money into Lehman brother and bear Stearns
Then use the money to short mortgage backed securities pronto.
Then use that to buy bitcoin in 09.Then hold until 2016.
Make a $2m bet that trump wins the presidency.
Retire in 2017.
You fucking retard don't be stupid and waste your money on BTC not on whores.Also don't let her go you piece of shit.
You all would mine so much Bitcoin it would never take off lol its the biz way
100 billion dollarYou would crash the crypto market at some point.
stop masturbating
Leave computer, quit your bullshit "psychology" study.
Work for 6 months then travel the world for 6 months.
Take more chances, start lifting weights RIGHT NOW.
Women are massively overrated.
mine and buy bitcoin after the gox crash, all in ethereum, cash out before 2018
you should of pulled out senpai
Buy a lotto ticket on January 1st 2016.
08, 27, 34, 04 and 19 powerball 10.Two weeks later you're a billionaire.
bitcoin.bet on trump winning it all asap.
"""predict""" important events for free (You)s.
Buy BTC the moment you can, buy $2000 worth and hold for literally 7 yearsEveryone is gonna say this
damn forgot about the lottery.
Don't go to college.
It's a waste of time and money.Your degree means nothing no matter what you get.
Maximize your bitcoin holdings, and learn about technical analysis.PS: Jews did 9/11
Honestly, I probably wouldn't get too much money but enough to live comfortably.Imagine the negative attention and power 100billion would give you.
No thanks.
I'm not smart enough or gangster enough to handle that.
I'd make the investments necessary to earn about 100 mil and then become some sort of researcher in red pilled matters that are chastised by the science community.
If I did decide to earn anything exorbitant I'd use all the money to fund research to contribute towards some sort of superior intellectual race for galactic colonialism.
Inb4 this normie/faggot
Short everything October 9th 2007, full leverage, no stop loss necessary.
Short the SP500, Dow, everything, FULL LEVERAGE, ALL IN
Mine bitcoin in 2009Build up huge mineBuy all ETH in ICOTrump will be 45th president of the US.
Hang out with liberals during the election night for top keks.
This message has arrived to you from November of 2017.
I will not know anything about the future after that.Hannah will leave you.
Ignore her.Buy literally as much Bitcoin as you can the moment you first hear about it.
Any time before 2017 is appropriate for buying.
Do not sell when Bitcoin crashes in 2013 and 2014 because it will grow even bigger in 2017.When you meet a woman named Michele in college, run away.
She literally drugs you, frames you for a robbery, and convinces a middle aged man to rape you and it's terrifying.
She's like the supervillain of a fucking movie and will try to seduce you.
Run away.Don't fucking take those ridiculous PhD courses your sophomore year of college.
Listen to your advisors.
In 2017 October, take all your BTC, all of it, and dump it into Ethereum.
This will make sense later.
Then hold until June 2017 and sell.Following this advice, assuming you didn't change the future by following it, you will now own a significant portion of the world's money.Watch out for Jews.By posting this message I ensure that my younger self receives it and thus this is the end of my life as I know it.
Goodbye.
Buy and mine bitcoin in 2009.
Sell in 2017 for 7000 dollars.End message.
Don't fuck Margaret without a condom
FUCK I meant to say "2016 October".Younger me is going to be confused and fuck it up.
FUCK FUCK FUCK.
pop tbat cyst on your penis before may so it can heal when you fuck that cute girl in june, shes your first.
fuck her hard too so she doesnt leave you dry in like a day.
then audit stock classes in college and prepare for bitcoin and stocks.
quit music and sell your keyboard, your sloth shitty whiny friend ends up making it.
learn about technical analysis.You'd tell yourself to learn shitty projection models that can guess the future, while you can literally tell him future events yourself?
Avoid bitcoin it's not worth the headache
Hi Im from the future lol isn't this cool?
Anyways bye!
has an opportunity to tell himself from 10 years ago about ANYTHING>gives him to short, which means the most he can possibly make on his money is double>That kind of opportunity>only 100% gain>With leverage fag so it's more than doubleStill shit.
Just tell her that you love her.
Even if she rejects you, your life will go on.
It will always hurt, but you can live without her.Don't be a fool and study some social science nonsense.
Get into CS, you'll like it even if you might find that hard to believe right now.Shave.
You may think this is a beard, but it is really not.USe the money you mae from Online poker and buy Bitcoin as soon as it becomes a thing.
Holy shit.I've done it.
I've really done it.
I received THIS message: with the timestamp included 10 years ago and followed its advice the closest I could.I have been waiting for this day, the day this thread appears, for the past 10 years.Oh my god.
You people don't understand how much I'm crying tears of joy reading this.
I don't know how it worked but I received that post in a letter 10 years ago.
Thank you, /biz/.
Thank you.
DONT study humanities you PLEB FUCK your oneitis' ugly friendSTOP playing killzone
Was what Hitler did really that wrong?Who was behind the cake theft?Also fuck your mother if you want fuck
The hilarious thing about this is that if everyone had done this, it would have crashed bitcoin because everyone would have just held everything
you're such a dork
4328256
Why not make billions and then fund a company like spaceX or NASA?
Stop fapping.
Porn will cuck you.
Hitler was right about everything except invading Russia in the fucking winter.
Also buy Bitcoin and you will be able to fuck Alexis Texas, no literally.
She will fuck you.
Because you will be rich.
I promise.
I said stop fapping you daft cunt!
Ya.
That's what I was getting at.
After a certain amount of money you start becoming a threat to world powers.
The only way I'd take that risk was if I had some sort of plan to start some sort of entrepreneurship in something I truly believed instead of just holding onto muh wealth.
There's still a decision on if you want the attention 100 bil or whatever brings.
Mine bitcoin in 2009.
In December 2016 convert it to Ethereum.
Convert back to Bitcoin in June when it hits $400.
Convert to bitcoin cash in early November 2017.
Alexis Texasshit taste
Yeah, but I was dumb and horny.
Also wobbly ass.
Don't play with firecrackers
MINE BITCOIN, PUT ALL YOUR MONEY IN BITCOIN, LIFT WEIGHTS
Don't smoke weed.
Buy bitcoin, don't watch porn, don't drink, don't stop playing sports.
Don't go to college.
This was a message left on my refrigerator 10 years ago.
Back then I thought it was a joke.
I acquired 100 btc and used half to buy a fucking a vietnamese burrito.
So thankful i stoll have 35 btc left.
I even had a chance to warn my family about the recession and stopped my siblings from becoming leftist retards.
We did it reddit!
what happened senpaiThis was a message left on my refrigerator 10 years ago.Are you larping
4328335
don't buy the house, wait, then buy OTM SPY puts
top kek.
There goes several millions most likely.
Buy 100 gpus and dump bitcoin arcross 30 different cold wallets
, 07, 16, 23, 26, 04 - powerball 7/23/201708, 27, 34, 04, 19, 10 - powerball 1/16/2016
the future gets changed.bitcoin doesnt take off.
hillary wins.
Who was your friend who made it?
hes mediocre as shit.
not even good.
but hes just tall and not weird looking.
i got so much shit from people in general for playing music.
just do whatever you want, underlining the "YOU"

I damaged my hearing pretty bad fucking around with big firecrackers
OK but like is he famous or what
Find out who satoshi nakamoto is and kill him.Also Trump will win the elections, go all in.
bet 100$ on brexit and trump
Lmao cucked faggot
Only $100?
Get all the bitcoin you can, it will be worth at least 7K a coin today.
And spend some time with grandma, she'll be gone in 2014.
What is this image
kek
Don't mine, buy every BTC in site.
You are a sex addict, get help.
Hang out with liberals during the election night for top keks.This guy gets it
BUY CHAINLINK
point is that he gets the spotlight and gets to go around traveling with friends and actually gets a good time.
im stuck at home losing money.
mine btc and prepare for the breakup that's coming next year.
Buy and mine as much bitcoin before 2010 (also, take loans if you can) then get as much ethereum (ETH) as you can on the ICO and do the following trades in 2017:Sell Etherium (ETH) on 25th of march of for 0.055 BTC.Buy as much PIVX (PIVX) as you can as soon as you can.Sell PIVX (PIVX) on Apr 16th for 170k satoshi.Buy as much Stellar Lumens (XLM) while it's under 400 satoshi, but be carefull not to trigger a pump (in other words, but it slowly before the second of apr).Sell Stellar Lumens (XLM) on may 8th for 2900 satoshi.Buy Ripple (XRP) on may 9th for 9300 satoshi.Sell Ripple (XRP) on may 17th for 21000 satoshi.Buy as much Dogecoin (DOGE) as soon as you can and sell for 150 satoshi on may 23th.Slowly buy as much DigiByte (DGB) for under 600 satoshi.sell DigiByte (DGB) on june 03 for 2300 satoshiBuy as much Etherium (ETH) as you can as soon as you can.Sell Etherium (ETH) on june the 18th for 0.15 BTC.Buy as much Bitcoin Cash (BCH) under 0.073 BTC on aug 17th.Sell Bitcoin Cash (BCH) for 0.25 on aug 19th.Buy OmiseGo (OMG) for less than 22k satoshi if you can.Sell OmiseGo (OMG) on sep 12th for 290k satoshi.Buy as much Bitcoin Cash (BCH) as you can for unde 0.095 btc.Sell Bitcoin Cash (BCH) for 0.3 btc.Congratulations, you're now at 50-100 billion dollars in bitcoin.Now convert all that to Tether (USDT) and crash the market.
Wow you really took the time to write this
Now convert all that to Tether (USDT) and crash the market.lel
if you could go back one week you could retire based off sports outcomes
Mine bitcoin, make sure your info is safe and accessibleMake sure he doesnt jump in front of that train Tell dad to get his heart looked at
thought you said he was your friend.
you dont travel with him?
All of these are retarded.
Give him 2008 season of NFL football scores.
Tell him to go to vegas every week and bet 25K on a 12 team parlay.
Roughly a 450-1 on each bet.
Make over 180 million for the season.
Done and done...
Stop trying to be a thug And when you hear about bitcoins don't mine them just so you can get quality drugs and impress sluts at school!
Fucking hold them you edgy little teenage fuck
get kidnapped by casino owners after first couple of wins Great idea
you will be given an opportunity to buy bitcoin at $.05, toss $100 at it and you can sell it for over 10m, you should toss $1000 at it.
Germany trashed Brazil 7-1 in the WC 2014 and wins the final against Argentina in OT by 1-0.>By all the Bitcoin you can and sell it all on Nov. 8th 2017.
Buy LINK, BNT, ETH.Short BTC.
Dear 8 year old me:Spend more time with your grandparents and other family.
Eat healthy, get plenty of exercise, and never stop learning.
Try to make friends at school even though you’re highly autistic at this point.
Don’t worry about college, hopefully the new version of you will be way smarter than I am.
Find a career you love.Save any money you get and invest it all in Apple stock at $13 (around March 2009.)
Keep investing until it reaches $175, when you’ll sell it.
Put the profit from doing this into a decent house and some land.Sincerely, 18 year old you from November 2017
you really think you can give 12 teams for all 17 weeks in 30 seconds?
Betting establishments have maximum betting amounts on parlays so they don't get fucking wiped out.
Aren't lottery balls such a chaotic system that even the tiny change in your behavior from getting this information will change the result?
Like air particles acting differently for 9 years
Scratch the Apple idea, should’ve told myself to dump all of my money in bitcoin when it’s less than a dollar and hold until it reaches $7500.
Then alternate me could live a comfy NEET life I can only dream ofI immediately thought of that too, the butterfly effect would change the outcome of that significantly