Is BTC officially dead if there will be more miners moving to Bitcoin Cash in the next few days?As you can see the a large portion of hashrate has already moved from Bitcoin to Bitcoin Cash, while the difficulty is still sky-high because it takes at least 14 days for Bitcoin Core to adjust its difficulty.
This means the number of pending transactions will be increasing until the difficulty has been adjusted to a sustainable level, considering Bitcoin hasn't been killed by Jihan before that.
so basically by doing a ton of small transactions you can crash the entire currency?
kinda like DDOS attack?
spam transactions just build up in the mempool and eventually expire.
it isn't expensive to host.with bigger amounts you can drive up competition for the 1 MB space slowing down most people's transactions.
but its costly.But if you put all your money in BCH before you did that, it still pays off.
thats what Jihan wu is doing right now.
Youre retarded.
This is a correction and it will recorrect and climb to 10k by the end of 2018.
Mark my words faggot
not a ddos attack more like people getting in on the cheap bitcoin before it flips and doubles the price of the orginal btc
10k by the end of 2018that's a really long time
Sorry to inconvenience you.
If you dont have patience in crypto you have no business in thid game bucko
This guy gets it.It rose from below 1000 to almost 8000 in 10 months.A correction like this was always coming.
0.001 jihancoins have been deposited to your account
with no survivors!
miners can make as much transactions as they want, fees are turning back to their pockets anyway
If you're still in the mental state of a teenager.
For an adult 1yr is not a long time at all.
Fuck dude years have been going by in an instant since I graduated...It only gets worse
patience in crypto
no, the number of transactions is limited by block size
If people can't move their coins to an exchange because miners are jumping ship there will be less coins to sell.
So gimping Bitcoin to 1mb IS a positive.
Take that big block fags.
DEATH RATTLE OF BTC
$700 to fucking $10k in 2 years isnt a long timeand $10k is conservative
k is conservative.
Honestly it could hit 40k by 2022
I told you poor retards to sell at $7,400...
In typical Biz fashion I was abused and called a fucktard.
Enjoy your losses you fuckheads.
anybody can say anything and occasionally be right.
stop being a retard, you are nobody special.
shut the fuck up.
4293020Wtf kind of retard logic is this?
It will just make it even more painfully obvious what a disfunctional old gimp bitcoin is and make them want to sell even more
Gogo chinaminers and give the CME along with all the hedgefund fuckers a giant dragon dildo up the ass