Hey guys, can someone who knows meme-magic tell me how monero looks on the hourly at the moment?
Is this a perfect cup and handle, or is this inb4 a free fall?CheersAlso: General Monero thread.
How does monero look?
I hasn*t gone up as insane as the rest (yet) do you think this will reach 250$ in the next 2 months?
Please only quality posts.
AND NO FUCKING DRAGONSLAYER BUKAKE SHIT
Its taking the bch rush hit, but just hold, it will go back up
I too am wondering about Monero
The thing is, i hold only 20 XMR from back then, but its always the same pattern.
Would you consider the current price as a "low"?
I mean i hate comparing ATHs because btc price keeps going up so hard but yeah.
Holding since $80 Pretty comfy
monero is ging to dip at the moment it's looking like an average cup and handle is forming and has been forming over weekssomething unusual in cryptowill probably hold the line above .0185 and breakout in 3-7 daysif u trade ud prob be able to find cheaper price but holding will be profitable against btc short termthe BCH BTC war is heating up and its effecting alts
Ty :)
Hodling 75 from $90 but still have fear of FOMO.
Come on big moneyq
Going back to $80, wait to buy.
Are you really gonna risk getting left behind?
Monero always pumps when we aproach tax season
Going back to $80, wait to buy.deluded much?it woudn't even go sub $100 unless btc flash crashes to 4k
% of my entire portfolio is XMR.I won't get left behind.
so THAT'S why it pumps every march.
Been wondering about that
Dont fall for the tax meme.
NOone is evading taxes buz buzing fucking monero from their exchange addresses etc.
But you can tie the spikes really good with new marketplaces opening or silkroad crashing etc.
repeat but in English pls
Having a bit of a cooldown, it'll continue rising soon.
$200 in 1-2 weeks, $250 by end of year I reckon.
Is the king hungover from yesterday?
Is it ready to slip on the stairs and break some bones?
Or is it just filling up his electrolites and buying more molly?
It's not even a serious dip.
It's holding pretty strong at $160.
Getting some Gatorade in him and just chilling outside for a bit letting his body temperature decrease.
Soon he'll be going back inside and dropping another another dose