Everything moons right after I sell, and drops right after I buy it.
I’m not even chasing pumps.
Why am I such a failure?
I am down like 20K since July.I literally see no reason to live anymore..... crypto has ruined my life... all I have been doing lately is refresh charts and browse 4chan.
Should I just kms and get it over with?
Whats the point in living?
Will money really make a difference?
YOU'RE IMPATIENT AND HAVE NO COURAGE
Here's a tip, it's obvious when you hear it.Only sell when something is mooning.
Otherwise hold.
Patience is key.Don't feel too done, you'll make it eventually.
im also down 20k, but ill become a criminal and ruin other peoples lives than fucking kill myself.
if im not happy i'll make sure other people are not either.
ill siphon the money and life out of these fuckers.
BUY LOW AND HODLE!
SIMPLE
learn ta
Listen here, you put everything you got into BCH today, not later, not tomorrow, but today.Thank me monday
Lurk more faggot
Thats how I lost 6k last time..... it was pretty much the start of a really bad run for me.
If I do this now and it doesnt go up I will really kms this time
Powr coin is going to 1 billion market cap within a week.
This is your chance to 4x.Read the shill posts about Power Ledger, they aren't lies.
Powr is the real fucking deal.
Go in heavy and HOLD.
Develop patience and don't get gamed by crowd psychology, you have to master that if you're going to make money in this shit storm.If you're going to listen to any random shit post on Biz ever, listen to this one.
Go into Powr.twitter.com/lambolydia
Good entry point?
Seems like it will pull back a bit, peaked 3 times already
A few cents won't really matter when we're talking $1-$2 very soon.
At least that's how I see it.
These 2-3 cent swings don't bother me in the slightest, I'd rather just ride up to 10-15xtwitter.com/lambolydia
Have you pajeets actually read the whitepaper?The POWR token is fucking useless.
You are mistaking an idea for an investment.There is zero value proposition for holding this token.
It doesn’t matter if the idea is used in every country in the universe, the POWR token is still useless.The POWR token is just there to raise capital - they even said it on their website
Here's a guy who's literally talking about taking his own life, crying out for help and all you fucking faggots do, is post meaningless comments.
Dude, you got to chill,tho.
My advise to you is to stay away from this uncertain world of cryptocurrency for a while.
Find something else to do..
k ?
What have you done?!?!?!?!!
hold it and dont cash out, which currencies youre dealin with???
How do I buy POWR?
What is the website for doing so?