>most obvious bottom/accumulation in the history of crypto>best fundamentals of any coin out there right now>some whale just bought $4 million OTC last week at the very bottom>I've been posting about this for a WEEK>nobody caresthis is why you're going to stay poor
Invested 5% of my budget in it.
Agree with everything you say, this thing is amazing.
Gonna make it
Yep.
1/4 of my portfolio is in FUN.
Obvious moon is obvious.
4502687It'll be funny to see this finally get some attention after it's already been in the parabolic curve for a day or two
For who doesn't know about it : FUCKING CASINO + CRYPTO = CRAZY MONEY HOLY FUCKalso check the website and team, this is serious stuff,no meme magic required.
I already bought some though
Holding bags, just took some profits.
This going to be a PnD or you expect to actually stabilize at a higher price?
it's been stabilizing after each little pump, I think it'll settle around 260 sats
I am all in on this coin.The bottom has been traded from weak cucks who sold their heaviest of heavy bags at all time low to BIG INVESTORS (check the official statement) This is going to make me rich.But keep chasing your shit coin 1 man basement dwelling companies.I trust casinos and big money in London.
Whats your sell point?I put mine at 0.00100000 incase someone pumps massively.If someone pumps 20M into it, how many sats increase could that be?
look at the mcap and do the mathit'd be about 330 sats
We are going over 1000 sat very soon.
been going up steady all morning, keeps making love to the 24hr high.
and definitely good fundamentals.
OP is on to something.
Otherwise, get your pink fucking wojaks ready.
!
did I miss it?
I was planning on FUN a week ago but bought BAT instead.
Feel like it might be too risky now.
did I miss it?Impossible to tell.
I'm holding off on buying any more for a while though, FUN tends to be quite spiky so I wouldn't be surprised if it dips shortly.
Chasing pumps is a surefire way to lose money.
this shit is still less than trumpcoin you fucking imbecile.
Bloody hell mate, 2 cents is the high for some airbag of a coin.
My mother couldn't stand for this back in her day.
Cheers though
Biz please dont be dumb.
This is the easiest 5x you will find this month.
TrumpcoinYou are a fucking pajeet.
it still has been going up steady and just broke resistance!
Protip never buy literal sub 5 cent shit coins
Pajeets like this keep posting and FUN keeps going up.
You are a special kind of stupid.
weird then why did a billionaire just buy 20M worth privately?
Cool story.
In other news, pump and dump...
I fucking sold yesterday after holding for some time, fuck
Go on the funfair subreddit you stupid nigger there's proof stay poor faggot
This shit is going nowhere, dump of you made some profit
shit's recharging to go straight up parabolic
biz has infinite wisdom :| they won't listen.
the fucking maI got in at 220 so I don't care what it does honestly but if this dumps to ~270s again for a little while and then streaks to 350 sats I am going to laugh so hard at all these cuckspic related, 282 at the time of this writing
Thats what I'm thinking, 350 sats definitely seems realistic by the end of the day.
I'll be making my turkey nice and comfortably.
/biz/ doesn't seem to understand that whales don't drop millions of dollars in a single order for no reasonI guess they think he wanted to donate to the FUN charity or something
Yep, and to add to that.
A PnD would be extremely hard to do unless your a fucking 10 whale, whale.
anyways, biz won't listen and will buy in once it hits like 500 sats and then drop back down to 400 they'll pink wojack and hanging pepe all over.
biz won't listen and will buy in once it hits like 500 sats and then drop back down to 400 they'll pink wojack and hanging pepe all overlmao, this is true
wonder if we're just repeating the fucking obvious wave pattern

easy money
Saw this thread and sold my bags its not going higher now
mini whale wars IMOlooks like someone's still trying to buy in and someone else is just going full steam ahead4506408I won't be surprised if you're correct, we will see
https://etherscan.io/address/0x198ef1ec325a96cc354c7266a038be8b5c558f67#tokentxnsthe guy who bought a shitload two days ago
sell book on binance
Going to try and buy back in sub 250 ideally around 235
Fair enoughI wonder why the sell book is so thin
But why?
Not seeing any announcements
I'm ready to have some FUN
It's odd, there should be plenty of bagholders from the 300-600sat area
It's odd, there should be plenty of bagholders from the 300-600sat areaLots of true believers and people who aren't selling at a loss I guess
4506968bag holder here.
bought in at 595 sat.
I need dis
its the FUD, I bet a lot of people are taking losses left and right.
at 300 sats it was waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay overbought.
And because of these shitheads.... its gonna go up more!
AAAAHHHHHH just revving up.
holy shit.
If you're in for the long hodl, this coin does show promise Q1 2018.
Unlike some ICO's, these guys know what they're doing, and they're doing it well.
They're meticulously following their roadmaps, and all laws concerning their product.
They'll launch (beta, iirc) in feb, and actually be one of the first useable app on the eth chain.
meticulously following their roadmaps
niiiice
I recently sold for a 60% loss.
At least I put it into POWR and made it back.
It was fun boys.See you next time.Seems this is going down the shitter.Setting rebuy at 200 satoshi.