Give me 1 reason you don’t have this coin as the ‘wildcard’ in your portfoliohttps://medium.com/poswallet-weekly/why-posw-will-absorb-the-deepest-pockets-of-global-capital-d64a51eab20f>trustless proof of stake (aka triplet based encryption)this means 24/7 trustless staking whilst your coins are in cold storage on your Ledger.
All major PoS coins will be supported.
Will also be the first implementation of trustless pooled masternodes for major coins (Dash).
Basically you can buy a share of a masternode through posw!
Banking 2.06 mil market cap lol
Because ARK as a wildcard has so much more potential.
Because you're the only one still holding on to the past.
Sell your bags and buy the next bitcoin dip
Piece Of Shit Wallet
Ark is good, agreed.
Has unique tech, as this project does.
But Ark is not really a wildcard though.
I’m talking potential 100xing4506259You fuckers are the reason biz is degenerating.
I bought my bag a few weeks ago because a friend told me it was getting revived with the TPoS shit.
Read the white paper and go on the testnet, then tell me who is focusing on the past, it’s you guys
https://posw.io/how-posw-flash-tx-differs-from-other-scalability-solutions-such-as-lighting-network-and-segwit/Flash TX too.
unique scaling solution using masternodesit will pump, it’s a matter of time
This is gold
The rebranding will shut people like you up
>Fired developer OneDev used to be on ODN project>Asked to create an image file for the UI, testing compliancy>Threw a rage fit when it wasn't working and later confessed he didn't know shit>Screamed, do I look like I know what a JAY PEG is to you?>Was immediately let goThis is now the lead developer for POSW
YES SIR VERY GOOD COINALSO BUY XBY
45062594508927The stupidity of biz is just staggeringbuy high sell low hurr durrits a scam coin/pajeet devs/piece of shit wallet hurr durrbiz doesnt know how to invest in undervalued coins
Sir, do you know what a jaypeg is kind sir?
HURR DURR PAJEET MEME HUUR DURR
So.. why are you shilling it if it's such a sure thing?
So.. why are you shilling it if it's such a sure thing?Jesus fuck biz cant get any dumber
Onedev, is that you?
Yes it can dont kid yourself
This is the most legit question.
Just shut the fuck up and let it die.
4509514He essentially asked why are you shilling it if it's guaranteed to pump.
Stupid fucking question for obvious reasons.
Remember to never invest in coins under the radar biz.
Always buy top 100 coins and never do research into low cap coins with great ideas and good teams like PoSW.
Anyone who says otherwise has not done their research.
Remember to buy high sell low biz
Maybe because this is his way of helping market the coin so it gets a bit of traction and grows bigger hurr durr
Yeah let it die it clearly has not been revived especially with the new tech coming out.
Remember to never do research biz and repeat stupid memes
kek, these threads are always so hilarious to meI was the OP of the PoSW threads with a SS from cryptopia, I told everyone it was destined to hit ATH and I dumped it all on the pump to 6k satsnow these poor fucks are bagholding and continously shill a dead coin that I dumped on them
you're just new here, this was already shilled a lot six months ago and pumped nicely.
It didn't take off because of anonymous devs (the current ones on the site are definitely fake), shit interface and there's the possibility it's a scam.
I thought at the time it was an ok idea, especially since in march-may every coin with a half baked idea would 10x.
The thing is that no one wants to use it.
If it didn't become big then, it's way less likely it will become now
Some anon a couple of weeks ago was saying that some dev who graduated from Harvard has patented a TPoS solution that has effectively made this shit heap obsolete.
Actually I was on biz way before it pumped back in April.
In fact I've been trading for quite awhile.
>It didn't take off because of anonymous devs No, it didnt take off because of anonymous devs.
It didnt take off because it was poorly run and the team was immature.
Now, its a completely different story.
The team is real, the tech is real, they already have their testnet in place.
Half of biz has completely forgot the principles that get you rich, invest in coins under the radar with great teams and real new tech.
POSW is that kind of coin.
Learn to invest.
Seriously.
Do the research.
POSW is legit.
Some anon claims that so and so coin will pump in the future.
Doesn't make it so.
coins with "weekly updates" like this are a huge red flaglike bitbay.
these coins are selling you a sense of security, not the actual product, by trying so hard to communicate with community.
it's overcompensation because they're not actually getting much programming done, just doing the bare minimum
Coins with active dev teams are a huge red flag
You clearly werent here for when posw did pump.
It failed because the team essentially wasnt ready for a real big project, they were completely disorganized and made terrible decisions.
The new dev team is the real deal, I am impressed with the progress they have made so far, and they'll be opening up their testnet very soon.
But I understand the bashing from biz, this project still has alot of people that hold a big grudge against the coin.
The mentality of once a coin doing a big dump, should stay down is very strong here....but its just a mentality.
People like talk so much shit out of their ass, the new website for posw.com just came out last week.
Other people put it down with lies like how the dev team is anonymous, when they are all on posw.io.
More lies from grudge holders.
All of them will be silenced once the full tpos gets released.
Yeah I remember some Anons saying that the dev team is anonymous when they aren't.
Just more people full of shit.
Please do some fucking research before you talk shit out of your ass, k?
You clearly haven't even even read the new whitepaper, talked with the new devs, seen the shit they are working on.
I could only afford 100k coins, but I'm sure it's enough to make me retire some day.
Especially because those masternodes are gonna be profitable as FUCK do to the TPOS system.
Invest, or stfu .. it's as simple as that
They have their wallet integrated in Ledger Nano, that's a big deal.
Many big coins aren't in Ledger yet!
Don't know how big of a deal it is, but it shows they are fucking serious about the ongoing development of POSW.
Once everything is ready, you'd have wished you bought earlier.
I've been accumulating for a long time now, and have doubled my money already.
The monthly dividends, automatic staking.
It's all just adds to my delicious pie of GAINS