What's your opinion on Dogecoin?
I've mixed feelings about itOn the one hand, it's so popular that i think it's unwise to not get at least a little biton the other hand, it's so popular, and yet still a shitcoin that's never even reached 1 cent.Dogecoin has limitless supply, so i doubt it's ever going to be worth much more, unless something happens that make all cryptos more worthwhile
i like the fucked up charts it makes since its value is so low
idk got me into crypto in 2014still hold them as a reminder
why would you hold a meme coin that simply performs worse than more of it's serious and modern relativesthe creator is a betamax fat socialist (nothing against that in principle) who essentially gave away his crypto stack for reasonsthat being said, his youtube channel is on the better side (as far as crypto channels go)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gSKBJmMTRis
worthless bump&dump shitcoin
Im waiting for him to do a video about Dogecoin and the history of him getting ousted out of the community while it was taken over by a rapist/scammer that redditors got scammed by losing millions.
I remember when it was first announced.
I wish I got into it.
Because it's so low, I might throw money at it and if it goes up, it's beer money.
44731924473226#4CHNallday
Dogecoin is a better long term investment than IOTA
Was fun sending coins to anons and mining shit loads of them on the /g/ pool I think I sent about 20-30k of doge coins and I have quite a few left in a wallet somewhere on my old computer.
I wonder how much I have and what the value is.
Dogecoin doesn't have any active devs.Surely Bitbean is the better meme coin?
Its creator is a hater.
He wanted to crack a joke, then got triggered because it was taken as a serious coin.
Dev just lets it slide and will dindunuffin
Good for gigantic quantity.
It's on all the exchanges, so good cheap transfers.
Very recognizable name, does not have an illicit history, not shilled by shitty discord groups, moons 500% in a fairly predictable manner (for the patient).
To the MoOoOon
Dogecoin was created as a canary in the coal mine for when crypto becomes a bubble.
The fact that it's so big should have you all very worried.