Kraken's servers were NOT functioning to standard today during the most VOLATILE swings of both BTC and BCH.
Thousands of users were UNABLE to access their wallets or to even trade during the most insane swings.
Thousands lost their ass by being forced to hold BCH as it declined.
Is Kraken's reputation toast?
this is brand new informationnoone uses kraken for trading you fucking moron, its just a fiat gate.
I never understand how these exchanges, which make millions in fees, have a janky laggy website that has never been updated.What the fuck are they spending their money on?
Just hire some company to do it and leverage the brand name.
you talking about those two hours?
it's already back to .085 more or less.stop being a fagFUDphaguette
Doesn't matter, the opportunity to make profit off the volatility is gone and wasted.
If you were just holding long term theres no reason to even log into the account, you can just google the current price.
Just hire some company to do itJust get the fuck out.
Every single time something happens, Kraken shits the bed, everyone knows this.
See 
If you still use kraken for actual trading you deserve to lose your trading opportunities.
It's always been a barely functional piece of shit.
>krakenWorst exchange you will ever find.
Orders fail 9/10 times
the irony in the exchange business has reached peak absurdity.
Kraken who had the best reputation is actually the shittiest exchange there is it hs shittier tech and shorts their own users.
Yobit who had the worst reputation is actually the best exchange, with the fastest code by far, they dont short their users, and they have paid out all the forks, even going as far as making yob2x to make up for the canceled b2x.
Amazing times we live in
No.
This is not the first time this has happened.
This will not be the last time this happens.Only thing "toast" is your integrity for relying on them to begin with, son.>Fool me once>Fool me twice>Fool OP thrice
I'm so fucking mad, still had some cash on there, wanted to buy a sweet dip, but nope, DOWN THE WHOLE FUCKING DAY.FUCK THOSE PIECES OF SHIT THAT OWN THIS EXCHANGE, YOU WON'T GET A SINGLE PENNY FROM ME EVER AGAIN.
You must be new they always shit the bed when you actually have a chance to make money their servers went down when btc dropped to 3k and i had a open short by the time it went back online it had already bounced
I was getting fucked earlier on Kraken trying to buy Monero but then remembered my Python script.
Literally just ran the script with my buy orders in, and could even check my balance to confirm it went through.Might make this shit user-friendly and stick it on GitHub for people to use, because their site is so shit.
Their API documentation is AIDS too.
Took me so much rooting around to write.
Anyone have an interest in this?
Like a simple command line interface job?
go look at the facebook page, highly unprofessionalincessant whining by costumersstay the fuck away
I made about this months ago with OC pic related.
Can't locate it now unfortunately.
But yeah.
Pajeet Exchange
Anyone have any experience with binance?
they have their problems.>remember when they had no LINK anymore?
I’m not interested because I don’t trade, just hold, but I’m sure a lot of people might be interested.
Kudos!
Kraken has been a complete stinker since the froze advanced trades.You can't even put in a stop limit with those grossly negligent retards.
Yobit?
I got a sense that it was 100% infested with bots that scam other bots and take the opposite of your every trade?
this