POWR /comfy/ thread Thread theme: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nfef5WqC85A
Up 5/6x at moment And im not selling under 5 dollar A pop
I don't have any kind of realistic goal here anymore.
In since .00003600 so this is all just a free show for me.
I'm gonna make a drink.
When is the news supposed to drop?
What news?
Thx
pajeet street dynamica
what do you think of qsp?reminds me a lot of powr, thinking of selling my power to ride this pump to 3k.
Not against that idea.
No clue what it is though
Barely got in at 7800, 4k
looks like some kind of cyber security auditing system with smart contractsonly reason i picked this thread because i haven't seen any on /biz/ all day and it reminds me a lot of the powr mission when i got on, tons of volume on a coin out of nowhere i never even heard of
The news about the Thai meeting
That whale
I seent it 155k sell
dip when?
got in at ICO and have been constantly buying more since.
Cozy boys

trash coin
This looks comfy for awhile.
Great, this is now one of those types of coins now.
bleh.
You guys holding or selling?
Yes.
Swinging this is really stressful right now though, once I'm back in I'll probably just hold until the morning at least.
after losing 2 swings in a row I just hold now.
way too volatile and it's about to moon up so don't want to lose that
holding.
4497003Yeah I put a sell order but decided to hold.
It will probably dip but I actually believe in this coin so fuck it hold.
I didn't hold all of it anon
where did you have your sell order?
About 2 hours left until liftoff truly begins.
Ready your moon shoes Anon.Love,Lain
I don't want to sleep tonight.
One of you rich fucks share some coke.
why no justification for these claims
Thanks Lain, you have all my faith and monies.
Where should I set target please?
Fuck coke, if you wanna stay awake you gotta take those fat lines of amphetamin.
Come to sleep with me anon.
It's 6AM and I'm only now turning off the PC.Where did my life go wrong.
Hope to wake up to some gains though, good night.
About 12k sats peak in about 60 hrs time from now with a lot of swing trade opportunities as the ride up will be full of pump and dump like green and red dildos
I didn't sleep last night and I won't be sleeping tonight; not with such a good trade on the floor.
Sleep tomorrow when it evens the uptrend out a bit and there are less swing opportunities
Here comes the dip boys, prepare to buy again soon, from there each dip will be smaller (about 2-3 more dips coming) then it'll breakout and from there who knows probably 9k.
Watch the 30 min stoch RSI.
When it touches bottom buy immediately.
Moon time.
How low should we let it get to buy back in?
I bought at like .58, sold half at .65 and then half of what was left at .68.
Now I want to buy back at least what I sold at .68, but not sure how low it will go.
Would be amazing if it went under .60 again.
it will never go that low again.
7k if you're lucky.
Buy back now.
Right now, on this big red candle.
This is the lowest its going to go before peak.
This.
It barely hit 62 cents on the last major dip
4497453filename.
Is it too late to buy?
I got the money only 10 minutes ago.
It was at $0.52 yesterday and now it is at $0.64 fuck me.
Can someone cut this out and make it gold for me?
I want to make a meme.
Should hit about 7700 sats so set a bit above there as target.
POWR is looking good for now, don't have much to spend but I have 3000 QSP, do I sell lads?
or do I keep my back up moonrocket?
No.
We've still got about +50% left over the next few days.
Buy the dip now.
This candle will recover quickly soon.
i hate Bittrex's order book, it seems buggy and you can never be sure if its showing the results properly.
Bittrex is the absolute worst site.
Aussies trade on Cryptopia

That alright?
+3 internets for you, sir
4496507Tommorow
WALLS DOWN GO GO GO
how high will it go!!???
~25btc buywant to trade sell books and buy books?
4497514Jesus fucking Christ.So I deposited in my account, then moved that to Ethereum within coinbase, now trying to get that to Binance BUT IT WON'T FUCKING LET ME REEEEEEEEEEE.Fuck this shit, so unlucky.
gosh, the gap is getting wider anons.
Don't worry, price isn't going anywhere before it transfers
I sure hope so.Thanks man.
$1,000 into it, will be interesting to see what happens when Americans wake up to news tomorrow.
realistically 10$ sometime in 2019
this 7910 sato 14951 powr wall is providing resistance but he's just getting you to buy anon do you really trust a pajeet miniwall?
yo just wanted to say that we've had the same though process for the last couple hours, also SEL is my favorite show You're a cool dude
also SEL is my favorite showyou should watch more anime
Aah, I thought that was Bittrex, similar style.
Anyway the Bittrex one is complete horseshit, it show something different every time I refresh the page.
Stress trading is how you lose money.
Calm the fuck down son.
4497722Yeah you too anon.
Perfect thanks!
https://twitter.com/PowerLedger_io/status/933209179015098368
Is it time for liftoff!!!!?
Alright, Orderbook anon checking out.
See you in 5 hours wojacks ahead.
lain is this what you were talking about?
https://twitter.com/PowerLedger_io/status/933209179015098368Here we go
FIRING ROCKETS!
Next big pump watch for your work
You mean now?
You've got five minutes, friend.
This thread is actually great, we should try to help eachother as much as possible, imo.
After watching for the last few hours, I've finally decide to go in at 8k.
Fun to join you all
I'm holding until 2025.
See you in lambo land /biz/.
4498133https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rZI2Ycimhg4
2025>not driving a new Tesla Roadster
le reddit car
tfw your power ledger pays for your tesla passively in 10 years
I dunno.
People on /biz/ are shilling it.. too much.
The FOMO is unreal.
When /biz/ FOMOs this much it usually follows a dip or a dump.
2025>not flying a bfr
Last good exit was awhile ago anon.
Market demand has been satisfied and walls have been placed to encourage risky trades.
Trust the sage.
Except this coin is actually good, has use cases, a great team, and is government backed.
SO comfy in powr atm
Fucking went to sleep and told myself to not buy and hold overnight, so I didn't buy the dip.For fucks sake.
It even made sense it will go up, since there was no-one that is going to sale lower if you look at the chart.
government-backed>thinks that makes cryptocurrency attractiveyes goyim, buy buy!
went all in last nightbeen a hell of a daybloodshed or solitude to come tonightthe chaos is beautiful and terribleIron Hands2018
30 minute stoch rsi crossing up in 11 minutes...are you ready Anon?
implying it isn't>implying it doesn't add to the real-world usestay poor
Rockets fueling now...see that fire?
4498402Yeah I noticed it was fueling too
I flipped POWR twice now intraday for nice money..
But I have a rule to not hold overnight.
So when I saw this dip last night and ABCD, I told myself I'm not going into it, because I'm tired and its bed time.. And that I'll just see if I was correct or wrong in the morning.
Didn't expect I'd be 30% wrong.
I understand that rule anon; it's big for a day trader.
But sometime you just have to do what you have to do; try setting a price alarm on Blockfolio.
well done.
I've just started trading on friday and I'm addicted.
Lucky on my first alt buy with POWR at $.36 Turned $300 into $950 internet monies.
almost all in POWR or BTC.
I'm afraid I'm about to learn a lesson tonight, I'm trying to hold for the EOY but I can't help watching the charts all night.
Should I move to BTC before bed or ride it out to the moon?
I find the alarms so bad, I never get a sound, vibration, screen light up, or anything.
Only just managed to get the arse end of the potcoin pump the other day due to looking at my phone at the right time.
Well, at least I was right in expectation.
This is my third day trading and I haven't had a loss.
Was flipping POWR nicely, but this could of been the biggest day.
We'll see today how it goes.
4498453Thanks guys, actually means a lot even though it's from a stranger on internet.I guess I'll try to stick around for a while next time I spot something like this.
However, really didn't want to lose sleep last night, since it was a long day already.
Ooh, stoch cross-up was weak.
Looks like we gotta wait another moment for further refueling.
dubs 0x7AC806f1A09b61AA319c9Da98BA291189ddd91F3
means a lot even though it's from a stranger on internet.if your going to decentralize capital and reinvent trade for the next century you might as well make some friends with all your internet monie
So is WaltonChain and yet it hasn't mooned.
This is all hype bullshit.
Except it appears there's hidden forces holding WTC price down for the moment.
The news they've released and the fact they have a usable, working product (unlike a lot of these cryptos) should really be increasing their price by now.
2018 is going to be fun though.
I was interested, but I only just got out of NEO before the collapse and I have soured on Rumors from China for the rest of the week.
Wht are WTC's upsides?
Currently trapped in an ascending triangle.
Price struggle here will give the stoch more fuel to cross properly and set it into blast off.
Dave's at the airport on the way to Mumbai Bois
But what's going on in Mumbai and when?
4498583Very big whales, its a long ride down still baka.thats optimistic of you.
Making a deal for 450 microgrids possibly with Mahindra
"""""""""government backed"""""""""They got a grant.
You know how many fucking grants get given out?
It's a good coin but get your shit straight.
Very big whales, its a long ride down still baka.I got that vibe, energy seems dead for now and way overvalued.
Thanks for looking out
Saved this pic, for some reason its really funny.
if only my meme portfolio had a monetary valuei'd be a king, lads
implying grants aren't a big deal in the cryptospace at this price
Just woke up.
Too late to get in?
I see it at 8150 atm
About to dip.Head and shoulders forming.
Balls, I'm going to have to sleep soon.
Stop-loss?
Y/N?
it's fueling up for blast off right nowfind the lowest spot to get in at
Hang on, the averages on the thirty look about to cross and we've been flat for a while here.
shaky shaky, is nobody really going to take that 8000 buy wall?
Where the fuck do I even buy this, nobody I know offers echanges for it
binance
bittrex
4499339I did it, I'm new to this so I just poured some 60 bucks pocket money, thanks
bittrex
Shit's mooning yo
How you feeling now?
oh cool it's still up.
looks like I missed selling at a new ATH thoughhow's it looking now lads?
dip over?
we are here for the long term.
just hold and you will eventually make it.
Buy when pajeets are selling to earn their 20$.
This shit is going to be 5$/POWR eoy for sure.
Dips over, gonna test another ATH - then some people should dump and well settle between 7.8 and 8.2 before the next pump to 12k
Hot hands.
Nice trip dubdubs sandwich.
How does it feel knowing you are going to retire off of a 60$ investment?
Just woke up too seeing my POWR hitting ATH.
hehehe good good keep buying goyims
Wow that's some GET.
How much power you guys got?
I only got 600.
Should have bought 6000...
Ah cool, looks like you're right.
It's increasing sloowly.I bought 1700 at $.64
got a lil over 900
Its not the coin you choose to pump and dump pajeet s8HwpOX6This shit is going long term, you dont have the guts to hodl, take your 20$ and stay poor.
We are early to POWR like some were early to Ethereum.
I had 8000 at ICO, sold at a loss because it dipped hard when it hit ED.Luckily bought another 5000 when it was 3k on Binance.
bought another bunch at the little dip before at 8700 and now we wait for take off
Fuck it I'm buying more, this seems legit.
What price target should I look to get back in at?
8700?
I doubled my stack at 87k yea.
Why do you guys keep buying dangrously high?
You a gambler or just really desperate?
.7k*
I bought in at 3k dude.
I'm riding the wave now.
Why are you guys buying during a strong bull trend.We have stop losses you know.
gambler, desperatei thought that was synonymous with people on /biz/
Fuck it I'm buying more, this seems legit.
>What price target should I look to get back in at?
8700?>dangerously highThis is not dangerously high.
Just 600 sats below ATHI look at the chart and see how steep that mountain is.
I'm still holding power from the bottom of that mountain and I'll be very scared to buy in like that.
WE HAVE LIFT OFF
Stay poor fag
Where's the anti-TA cuck yesterday who said he'd buy back after it went back to 7.5k?
What do you say now?
Bought more at 87 looking to unload the excess at 92
Using magic shape formations as your sole indicatorThere's more to TA to than this you know.
4502047okay fine, it seems you're not going to listen.
Good lucky though on your journey.
I can see you're greedy people.
We are early to POWR like some were early to Ethereumanon ethereum was extremely different from powr.
no way it's ever going even above $5-$10
What a wonderful treat to wake up to my thread at the top of biz today.
We're gonna make it laddies.
So then did you sell everything?
I hold half my POWR, sold half along the way to lock in profits.
Flipped POWR a ccouple of times on the dips, not going to do it anymore.
Powr is similar to Mona and that thing took months to reach 5$ only to fall a bunch of days after, it's on a stable 2.5 (not it's at 3.6 even) though.
CMON TAKE ME TO 9500+
HOLY FUCK THIS PUMP
Mona declined because alt-halocaust and the atm machines using it got taken down or something.
Then it mooned ONLY in anticipation of getting listed on major japanese exchanges.You can't really compare the two just because to things going parabolic.
almost at new ath
And we have Aussies here, AUSSIES.I'll gladly eat my hat if we strike gold since I've invested myself in it, but yeah I'm cautiously optimistic.
>tfw lost my moon virginity to POWRwho else /comfy/
>Tax fee 2 POWREh
somebody just put 300k POWR for sale, probably dumping if you are in here for day trading you might sell now
too late to sell already.
you'll have to buy back in at a loss if you sell now.
yep just like I said.
already back to where it was.
They did it to get BTC back on the upswing for 1% gain.
There is already a massive buy wall for POWR now.
It will go back up in 2 minutes.
Really interested to see where the next support is going to be.
A BTC run should really help us get a dip to accumulate.
$3-5 looking realistic within the next 3 months as long as their team keeps doing work.
I wish it dip a little so I can buy some tho
the milf seems to know where she is going.
deputy mayor for a reason i guess.
it's dipping right now.
buy at 9.1k
"Only" 300 bitcoins and we are near 1.2.
Insane.
We should make it pretty easily with the fork announcement.Sadly BCC is getting a lot of attention from it
any chance it get a little lower like 8.9k?
well it's possible that some whale mega-dumps 300k like what happened 20 minutes ago but that's unlikely.
It will
No you should have bought at lots and lots at 3k sats, now you are looking to comprimise.
Maybe not
POOOOOOOOOOOOOOOWAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH
I cannot believe that there is finally a coin where Sheev memes have a huge potential.
Feeling pretty comfy right now
lol what happened when woke up, almost 1k up
Man the depth chart shows insane amounts of guys.
There is no stopping this shit.
12k soon
This is the first pump group I'm actually making money with --> https://discord.gg/svrKKHc Join us and make some sweet percentages.
We got LUN, GUP, MCO and BITB last weeks and they all were major success!
I dont know what to do guys.I bought in at 7k sats.
Is this ever coming down?
This market seems crazy