I just figured out that SALT Lending token is scam, and also centralized.
pre-sale tokens also was selling for 0.25$ and that's reason why there is dumping all time..here is proof, why salt is scamhttps://medium.com/@saltisfraud/why-salt-lending-token-is-scam-e435b811f405
pre-sale tokens also was selling for 0.25$ and that's reason why there is dumping all time..True.The rest is false.
>Up from $2.20 to >$4 in a week>platform launching before Q1 2018>$25 on platform> Use crypto as collateral, cash out on crypto gains without capital gains taxSorry, brainlet.
Your FUD is irrelevant here.
Anyone with a cranial capacity over 50CC (Note:average human cranial capacity: 1300CC) can see this is a goldmine
Centralized is good in this case too.
Decentralized is important sometimes, other times it is a liability.
He is right about why the pst-ICO price didn't skyrocket.
Tons of people took easy money.
The ICO was very poorly designed.
fucking die already op
It was but this is already priced in.
People who had to dump already dumped.
The price was relevant to ETH at the time anyway.
People who got in at the very first level could have got in at ATH around like 10 bucks or less.
sir, i am afraid you have not idea what you are talking about.
I think you had a good idea but bought into memes too much.
SALT is a lending platform.
It has to be centralized to an extent.
If it wasn't, it would attract scammers by the droves.
Just doing a truly decentralized exchange that doesn't suck has been done yet.
A lending platform is just asking for trouble.
This is not a scam and is 100% SEC compliant.
That article was written by and idiot who can't spell and can barely speak English.
thisto have a certain level of trust you need a central authority which you deligate your trust toa transaction can be trustless because you trust the currencya loan cant be trustless since you want a payback in time
All of the loans are backed by cryptocurrency as collateral.
If the loan defaults, the lender keeps the collateral.
Which is why right now the actual platform 100% needs to be centralized.
If it wasn't, tons of scammers would show up and take people's crypto.
A smart contract is created and individuals can't lend on this platform.
It is not peer to peer.
The loans are as investment products that are bundled and managed by an SEC registered investment company.
Like mortgages are bundled.