>"Bitcoin is too big to fail">"Cryptos will replace paper money!!
">one chink singlehandedly brings down bitcoin in a few daysI'm a no coiner and even I feel mad about this guy
One of these days someone is gonna get angry enough to put a hit out on him
I wouldn't be surprised, I mean this is literally tens of billions of dollars
It's not over yet kids.
17 hours 40 minutes from right now, it ends, and I think BTC will win.
Is he a billionaire
I think it's suspicious that there's a lot of support for BCH now when there wasn't before in August when it first forked.
Jihan is a god among men, I would love for him to father my children
it isn't suspiciousbitcoiners are mad at core devs because they cannot move their funds due to the limited block size
Bitcoin is being attacked.
We need a plan to profit.
If the king is brought down, new power will be replaced.
I sure as SHIT know if this happens, which would be absolutely terrible, the power will not fall in the hands of a wrinky dink wong tong fucker.
It won't be allowed.
How do we profit?
There was congestion and high transaction fees in the season leading up to the BCH fork too.
wrinky dink wong tong fuckerI think you are underestimating just how powerful this fucking chink is.
He is now
Push everyone to get out and shill hard for Bram Cohen's (guy who created Bittorent) coin in 2018?
Or just find the best of the best for alts tech wise and go all-in
And no reasonable alternative.
Now bitcoin cash is proven to be that alternative.
Whatever cunt.
Still, there is profit to be made, but I refuse to fall in line with this current timeline.
Anon you clearly went around back in august.. we had the exact same thing and it reached 0.5.Give it a week and it will be back to being an irrelevant bitcoin fork.. until it comes out the woodworks again to profit off the next negative press that happens for bitcoin
He was also a billionaire before BCH.
He owns majority of the hashing power for Bitcoin pre-fork.That would be altcoins...
They can't move their funds because the chinks are spamming the network to pump their shitcoin
Why is he so greedy?
I hope his head ends up in a fucking box.
Serious.Whoever was dumb enough to believe he forked for "muh vision" is mistaken.
He's in it to enrich himself, nothing more.
The day can't come soon enough.
lolSuit yourself then retard.
You should be making money on this already.
You're sitting there with your thumb up your ass trying to figure it out while I'm raking in your money.
Meh, he's making me rich right now.
He didn't like Segwit because it is incompatible with his patent for ASICBOOST and whatever ASIC hardware he is also selling.
Where losing hashing power he also has less influence in the network.
you sound like a corecuck
He's making you poor tomorrow.
If the flippening happens (and at this point, even if it doesn't) crypto will take a huge beating.
It's no longer trustworthy.
Normies are supposed to put their life savings in some shit that one asshole can manipulate?
They're supposed to ditch the banks for this?Crypto will be forgotten as a joke.
I remember when the first round of BCH came around and everyone was making fun of the BCH holders with those pictures
Thinks his input matters as an insignificant nobody
No it won't BCH will simply be the "net bitcoin".
Coinbase can use all the funds they got from the BCH fork to simply switch the coins in the users wallets.
Nobody will notice anything.Holy shit you people are so salttyyyyyy
That would be altcoins...I want this mess to wake people up to the fact that BTC/BCH aren't the only option.
Let us have a real wild west of alts fighting for dominance and something that's actually good can come out of it
I really hope so.
We have a decentralized currency, but a centralized market it seems.
And altcoins entirely made because there's people sick of the scaling debate, miner/asics shit.
Nobody will notice anything.Except anyone that bought in after August 30th.
Coinbase only assured BCH to people who had BTC in their exchange wallets before then.
BTC was $2700 at that time so I'd guess a lot of money moved between then and now
Do you have any explanations for coins held off-exchange?
>no one will notice btc is dead and replaced by an imposterRight
Don't worry, flippening won't happen.
His strategy is simple as hell: https://twitter.com/n01xun/status/929568897711386624
Sorry I'm still too retarded to understand.The pic you posted says Segwit1x dies without DAA.
Does that not imply a flippening?
BCH won't flip over BTC, but BTC with SegWit2x with DAA after the UAHF will
I havent been keeping up with crypto for around 3 weeks since I cashed out my BTC when it reached 7000€.
What the fuck is going on I thought the segwit2x fork was supposed to happen around the 16th and suddenly Im reading about some kind of BCH, DAA UAHF bullshit and all kinds of crazy conspiracy theories
Anyone else unironically think Jihan wu is satoshi nakamoto?