bitcoin is going to crash overnight big time just warning you all take care
great supporting evidence!
sold 100k!
man, if they give advice on /biz/ it's definitely true!
At this point it's more likely that USD will crash than Bitcoin.
There's a ton of hidden inflation.
When the shit really hits the fan things can happen in a flash.
Getting out as I type!!!
Please do my alts need a break for once
going to sleep on the top bunk with a noose on, just incase

it tested new high like 3 fucking times and still not crashing.wtf is wrong with crypto.
Just set a stop loss order to $7600 or 7500.
I mean, only a tard wouldn't use a stop loss on at least 50% of their BTC holdings.
Put it lower if you can risk losing more than 7500.
wtf is wrong with crypto.shitcoins like BTC
Isn't USD crashing a good thing....wouldn't that make BTC cost more USD, thus you could sell it for more USD?
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAMOMMMYYYYYYYYYYYYYMAKE IT STOPPPPPAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAWHY U DO THIS TO ME OPWHERE DO U GET UR INSIDER INFOAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
round 4........
Which will be worth less.
derp
What really matters is the purchasing power of the currencies.
This gave me a hearty chuckle
4406852If only USD goes down and other euro currencies stay same or go up, wouldn't you effectively be able to sell BTC for more USD?
yes
Obviously you mong.
Currency exchanges exist for real currencies you too.
Honestly OP is probably right, just off by a few hours.
The chances of it reaching $8,200 tonight are pretty high.
There were two routes it could have taken and the straight path to $8,200 looks pretty set.$8,200 also marks the top of the parabolic curve line and the extension of the fib retrace.
Should be a nice dip after we reach it.Love,Lain(Please don't share this chart outside of /biz/.
It is much more detailed than what I shared on Twitter.)
implyingbitcoin is never going to crash again m8crypto's ruined
After it reaches $12,000 there will be a substantial dip
uh huhsuredown to 11,500 then straight up to $40k and every alt goes down to 5 sats
How/where do i start learning these meme lines?
Also why do they even work to 'predict' stuff?
Isn't it more like self fulfilling prophecy because all the 'pros' uses the same methods thus coming to similar conclusions?
The alts will still probably keep crashing even with the bit BTC dip.
Until we get a new king alt as ETH was in early summer alts are pretty fucked as a whole.
Until we get a new king alt as ETH was in early summer alts are pretty fucked as a whole.Pretty much.
We need a new alt to bring new money into the exchanges
Start with just learning trend lines and Fibonacci retracement.
These are pretty reliable signals.
Others, like stoch RSI are also pretty good for deciding entry prices on a TA level.
Some, like RSI are debatable with crypto.Everything I learned I learned from lurking /biz/, twitter, and just doing my own research on TA and seeing what worked and what didn't.
but that's never happening is it?alts are dead, crypto boom is overonly people making money now are early adopters and already rich fucks that can afford to drop $100k on BTC right now
whats the twitter?
Ethereum has already made bitcoin obsolete.
Just got to wait for the dumbass third worlders (vietnamese, Indiana, Africans - Johnny come latelys who are the only people dumb enough to keep buying the obsolete bitcoin)) to catch up to the recent development of ethereum making bitcoin obsolete then the game will be up.
and when will that be happening genius?will Big Bang Theory having a bitcoin episode all the normies are only going to be exposed to bitcoin even more.
Unless the show somehow talks about alts which we all know it wont

Coming to invest in BTC it took me all of two seconds my first dollar spent to go with ETH instead.
Every Normie will do the same and ETH will be pumped to 30k while BTC gets pumped to 50k
https://twitter.com/CryptoLain
4407754IOTA
while every alt dies
It got bets on it being either that or Chia next year to be the next big alt.
Make me rich you sons of bitches
mah nigga
except the one true coin :)
fucking north korea fud