Can someone explain to me why Monero is not bestcoin other than current popularity?
HODL
Monero is great imo but would be the first coin to die due to government regulations
Monero is literally unstoppable.
Assuming it didn't, that's why it's so great right?
Inbuilt tumbler, has fungibility, and no one can see the amount in a transaction or wallet, that's what I understood anyway.
isnt run by chinese miners
Fucked if I know, I don't know too much about it which is why I was asking.Aren't all coins run by chinese miners though?
Just wait a few months.
not at all, cryptonight algorithm is asic-resistant
Its not anonymous (ip leak).
I jumped out
How would they kill one coin without killing all of them?
Illegal to buy Monero -> just buy bitcoin/whatever and swap for monero on a foreign exchange
my sides
Oh, I thought Monero was supposed to be resistant to shit like that anyway, was I wrong?
4347186>i'm a fucking retard who thinks IPs are gonna get me arrestedall anyone could tell from that stupid twitter bot is that an IP was listening on ports.
literally nothing else.
It was reporting public nodes for fuck sake.
You missed out on easy money because you're too retarded to know how networking works.
no information about activity can be gleaned.
You can write a simple python bot that shows all the Bitcoin users too.I'm comfy as fuck right now anon are you?
its resistant because of the cryptonight algorithm
Can someone explain to me why Monero is not bestcoin other than current popularity?Just time.
Bitcoin's been around since 2011.
Monero, since around 2014-15.
It takes time for awareness to grow, exchanges to support it, and for people to actually buy the shit.We are seeing a massive surge in awareness though, and pretty much everything is almost done to make it feature-complete with Bitcoin (multisig and hardware and android wallets).
Add that to Kovri, and 2018 is gonna be big for this coin.
hdol
To add to your argument, bitcoin was also only like $100-and-change after three years
He's saying its not.
Monero has no asics
Oh you're right, my brain read it as 'isn't it run by chinese miners'
Tfw been in the game for a year now, up 870% but still need 1500% gain on top to reach cash out.
Have a lot of faith that monero will take me that way, if it flops due to regulation or flaw in the code, then I'm giving up and gonna live a normie life of debt and family and wageslave
Seriously think we'll be seeing $200 by end of month/very early December.
Comfiest hold
I wish I could invest more desu but there's no exchange here that offers it.
Where's "here"?
Monero is on tons of exchanges.50 XMR here.
Hope I make it.
Australia.
There's one place that sort of offers it but it looks shifty as fuck.
As far as I can tell we really only have one exchange and that's btcmarkets.
Binance, just listed this week.
Use Bittrex.
You don't need to trade in AUD.
id:gumbeeconfirmed fellow aussie
Yeah what they said.
You can use any exchange you want.
I use Cryptopia, a Kiwi exchange, for trading certain shitcoins but the major players are Bittrex and Binance.
Kraken is also an option.
4349797Am I reading right that Binance has a 0.04 fee for extracting Monero?
Lol?
Every exchange has a fee for withdrawing funds as well as making trades.
I don't use Binance so I can't say for sure but that doesn't sound out of the ordinary.
How much crypto can unverified cryptopia accounts withdraw?
4349854>We could not match your information to our public record providers.
To complete the verification process, you must apply for an enhanced account.That's fucking gay, I don't want to take a 'selfie'.
Did you send a selfie and it didn't verify from a third party group???
No, I did Bittrex's basic verification and it failed on me and said to do the enhanced verification which involves a selfie and probably ID scans that I don't wanna do.
WAT
Up to $5000 NZD per day unverified, so about $3500 USD per day.
Ignore him, he's retarded.
Poor guy.
More XMR 4 us.
what is decentralization + anonymous transactionsWith gov't invtervention, Monero would be one of the only viable and remaining coins, ya dingus!
This is biggest load of bullshit.
Eveyday some idiot posts this nonsense argument about Monero
Fuck Monero, piece of total shit.
XVG all day, you fucking morons.
Oh fair enough.>tfw got in before the ID shit became necessary
current popularity
Isn't this a coin that says it hides your IP and then calls that anonymity?
when mom brings home pizza
eth is better.
is it going to dip back to $100 this week so I can make a limit order please OP?whys that?
government will back behind eth and fight against xmr (potentially killing off fluffypony).
also, icos are enabling the next generation of paradigm shifts - see cosmos network.
Reference node software is garbo.No hardware wallet yet, but both Trezor + Ledger as well as the dedicated Monero hardwallets are in the pipeline.Poor block-chain scaling.Fees too high for sub 10USD purchases until sidechains are implemented.No iOS wallet yet, Android Monerujo wallet just recently updated to make the UI not shit.All thing considered, still much better than competition, (all of which lack fungibility, making them impossible to replace current fiats) but not yet ready for mainstream use.
to be clear, xmr is very good coin but i can't see state letting it to exist long term.
terrorists will use it.
it really is the perfect anoncoin.
How exactly would the state actually prevent purchase or use of XMR?
Xvg has part time hobby dev,All marketing teamEven head of marketing had a deal with a PnD group and made a fake website with countdown, dumped on everyone.Bunch of 16 year old pot heads in telegram thinking your billions of supply is going to be +$5 solar by end of year.
Just all hype no product.Delayed product 3x alrdy XVG sucks ass anybody can tor their transaction
4351605ok thanks.
Wouldn't be surprised if the states eventually catch up and attempt to crash it, but I can't see them being adaptive/smart enough to do that in the next 24 months atleast
you do realize that xmr getting banned would make it even more valuable, right?
4351686state can 51% attack by taking over other country and inflating the country's money as necessary to buy sufficient xmr.
states can easily censor and shut down connections between exchanges and use plants for local exchanges.
i'm pretty sure that there's other vectors that i havent thought of yet.
state can 51% attack by taking over other country and inflating the country's money as necessary to buy sufficient xmr.
it was real in my mind
Thanks for a good answer.
So do you see a future in it or will development stagnate?
is it impossible?
% crypto takes over, 50% for Monero, 50% everything else.25% of the concept of money disappears for everything but governments and largest corporations.
Replaced by nothing (20%) or barter (80%) due to communism or post-scarcity.
blocks have no limit, they can be readjusted.
im not into big blocks.
i like blocksize limited.
also eth will have zksnarks soon, so u can have privacy on eth.
Yes.
Tell me why faggot
tell me why my ridiculous tinfoil scenario can't happenUh, no?
Best thing about Monero is that it seems to have moron repellent.
inflating (and therefore weakening) another country's currency to buy an unrelated crypto>not realizing that monero can't be invaded because it's not a fucking country>not realizing that by putting more money into a currency, you drive up it's value making it more valuable all else equal>not being able to comprehend that there is a finite supply of monero meaning increased money flowing into it will make the people who already hold monero have more wealth.
>being completely oblivious to how monero is the only truly anon coingonna be honest with you anon, you should probably kill yourself.
alternatively, you should avoid investing because you are actually retarded.
Yeah I've noticed that, why is that you think?Are we the morons?