Does anybody else here enjoy FUDing chainlink even if they're invested in it heavily?
I have over 50% of my portfolio in LINK but nothing makes me feel better than posting a toilet meme calling LINK a shitcoin and seeing other linkies go apeshit about it.
I guess LINK is just such a guaranteed moon mission that I don't even care about creating more FUD about it, like if it matters at all.
28k linkfudder reporting in
I'm all in on LINK and I'm hoping to get around 10k LINK before the end of the year, so I am fudding it to the best of my abilities as well.
I FUD link because I know it'll moon regardless so I want more time to accumulate
who here plans to hold the longest?
Are any biz tards actually capable of holding something for 2 years?
yes, it's enjoyable to see the squirming.
it's so simple, just don't reply to fud threads, then i will stop with it.
until then, i will enjoy the tears.
20k fud meme maker here.
This stuff is just too good.
I fud LINK because it's shit and has no future.
Just trying to help.
imo it's pointless to sell now...it's almost back to fucking ico price.
it's about 20% of my portfolio right now, so i'll just keep it in MEW and forget about it until there's some good news.
Patience, Patience, Patience - lambooolicious
nice try at reverse psychology shilling fucking nerd.nobody wants your bags.
sometimes I do stupid FUD to get easily correctedfor example I would say some obvious BS like>the projects is good but they don't need the token dude lmaoand leave, works every time
Never held, but have FUD'd it a few times just for hits and giggles.
This way I get to enjoy in on the memes, without pink-wojaking my portfolio.
12k fudder here.
Link is an absolute trashcoin
Yes, because keeping images of link all over the message board in shilling or funding threads is good either way.
>Marketing.Sergey is a genius, the lord is teaching us to worship LINK.
>Not a cult.>I am just going to try and double up 0.02BTC in BCC and then buying another 2k LINK once I'm done.
HODL!>Wish me luck fellow Marines.
Pray to Sergey BCC will reach .4 satoshis again so I can buy more LINK!
Dumpedthis shitcoin at 45c after Sibos RIP
I own 3k link.
If it somehow matches BTC market capits only going to be near $125 p i p e d r ae m ;)
Fud?
Such desperation.
When other coins tanked their marines made new wojacks at least.
Linktards just sperg there autism everywhere