I just bought a pack of tortillas and they come with moldCan I take legal actions and win 1 million dollars
Yup, should be no problem.
dude just trim it and eat it...that's safe to do right?
Nope.
It's good for you
If you make a big enough stink about it by reporting it to your local news outlet, you could actually get a settlement or something out from them.
Make me rich /biz/ please
You lucky motherfucker.
You've won the jackpot.Maybe not $1 million, but if you're clever about it you could easily get $100k at least
Its safe.
least you can get is like lifetime free tortillas
It’s not.
Eat it and die then you can sue for wrongful death
I just sent an email to the company who makes tortillas.What should I do now?
Wait for your coupon for a free bag of tortillas.You fucking dummy, you aren't going to get any money for this.
It's not safe to eat around it
You jealous cuz you don’t have the bag of tortillas with mold?
Lol this.Op is so dumb
Stop being jealous I have a big jackpot you don’t
You get money when it's a finger or a dead animal or something truly disgusting and the media picks it up, not for a bit of mould.They will just fuck you off with some vouchers or a refund.But gl with your payday.
Tell me that when you see my saving account with some extra zeros after I get an answer
NIGGER nIGGER NIGGER NO NIGGERS ON BIZ GET OFF GET OFF YOUR KIND WILL RUIN CRYPTO IF YOU GET INTO IT LEAVE NOW NOW
 by the time you see the mold its spread throughout the food so no.
Sure thing.
Want some hot sauce with that?
"gimmie 1 btc or i sue you" will do it
Eat it.
if you eat it and get sick then you might get some settlement, fucking retardbut since you already emailed them then you're fucked
Lawfag here.
You get nothing.
Why explain yourself
Damages.
What are your damages?
You have to tell the court something.
You were not damaged more than the $2 you spent on the tortillas.
You get $2 back.This has to be bait.
Psychological damages because I was happy thinking about eat my tortillas for lunch.
Now that I saw they have mold I was sick for a while and at this moment I don’t eat anything.
Just take them back to the store for a refund you filthy Pajeet.
The state of burgers, seriosually.I had a pizza with one of the toppings missing the otehr day.
I diligently contacted the supermarket and informed them of the product number, batch and manufacture time so they could contact their supplier and get them to fix the machine.
They sent me a £5 gift card that I was not expecting and I was happy with my two new pizzas.
The best part is that the pizza was fine even without the nachos on top!
In America, I would have gotten a 100million out of court settlement for the emotional trauma.
THE STATE OF BURGERS!
Psychological damagesFucking called it.
Haven't your parents taught you anything.
Did you ever follow biology.
How did you miss out on this information....No pleb, mold is mostly strings.
Dense foods can sometimes hold those strings back, but things that have a lot of carbohydrates and are soft are totally penetrated by the strings.
The green mold is just a collection of those strings at 1 point.
450536545056324505694you are an idiot, you should have eaten some or feigned to eat some.
This causes bodily harm and are then owed damages for any lost time at work or personal time from the illness.
At this point the only damages are against your purchase, so they will ask you to refund it or toss it and will reimburse you accordingly with a manufacturers coupon or an actual cheque for the purchase.
This is now the equivalent of spotting a wet spot in the market isle without a wet floor sign.
You didnt trip, you just merely noticed a hazard before it became dangerous(Fun fact most major retailiers have a retainer of 5000 per store, as in if any damages are below 5000 they wont bother with an investigation but will automatically pay out) TLDR You didnt suffer shit apart from emotional damages, get to eating pal you need some food poisioning to get any $$$
OP you are poor ass shit skin get off Biz.
muh tortillas have mold give me a break go buy some more ya cunt.
Yeah, OP you faggot.
Eat it!
Record yourself doing it too so we can be your witnesses.
Come on OP do you even want a million dollars!?
4505365god damn it OP, you lucky nigger.
After accounting for psychological damages, possible food poisoning, pain and suffering, loss of consortium, etc., you're probably good for 250k up to 10 mil.
Those tortilla companies carry hefty insurance for situations like this.
Contact a personal injury lawyer immediately and if you make over a mil please make another thread and give me half a bitcoin or something.You lucky bastard, why wasn't it me?
4505676dont listen to these fags, they're probably tortilla company reps trying to discourage you.
These kinds of cases have big money.
If they don't give you at least a mil to compensate you then you can go to the health department and FDA and get them stripped of their licenses.
Damn I'm jealous, you just won the jackpot
no, you should have bought them soonerIts your own fault
So what you do OP is eat it and hope you get sick and loose your job because you are sick, and fall into financial ruin.
Then you sue.
"Man loses job after eating bag with mold of Tortia".
Make sure you leave a single stick left with mold that you "discovered" later on.
you just won the legal suit lotto.
sue 'em for everything they got, anon.
This is the hottest thread on /biz right now - maybe get /ck on this and next thing you know your the tortilla king from suing these lazy scumbags
Si what can I do guys?
Do I am going to be rich soon?
OP are you from Chicago?anyway this is a family business, leave them the fuck alone