Friendly reminder if you own ODN your fucked.
The team will never get it down .
Even if they do, how many people are going to use a paid messenger service .People dont care that the NSA is spying on them, nevermind pay to stop it.
Itll never pump again.
Their developer frequently talks about day trading the price of his own coin .
Send me your pink wojacks.
Why do you even care about a coin with a 6 mill marketcap lmaoDid you buy high again?
ODN will prevail.
I was dumb enough to invest but sold it all for a 30% loss and was happy it was only 30%
and now you're protecting the people with your dumb fucking posts?
Not everyone bought high like an idiot lol
Daily reminder that your a cuck who lets chad roast your gf on the daily
Cuck
watch your investment go to zero satoshi
I bought some at ICO and forgot about it, but honestly why the fuck are there 3 ODN fud threads every day?I don't see people fudding anything else in the #200 market cap range.
Who could even be fucking bothered?
What is it about this coin?
DId some dev get fired and now they just come to biz to vent or something?
Watch your cuck porn
it's an ancient egyptian god coin.
What it lacks in technical analysis it makes up for in god tier fundamentals.
Even if they do, how many people are going to use a paid messenger service .Why the fuck would anyone pay for a messenger service when free encrypted messenger services like telegram already exist?
centralizationinto the trash it goes
What neo is to eth, odn is to xmr
sounds good to me
so the little brother that will outgrow and overtake the older?
My 88s speak truth dude.
It's a platform not just a messenger app.
https://medium.com/@obsidian_crypto/obsidian-weekly-report-developments-updates-a31cea352deDon't let the FUD fool you Anon this is the next ride
I'm strapped in!
Damn bro, how much free odn so get a day from staking
On average, about 40 ODN a day.
However, there's some days that I don't get anything and other days where I get 120 ODN.
This is what I believe.
There has been multiple firings and who else FUDs the fuck out of a 6MM Market Cap platform?
A neckbeard scorned.
Anyone can edit a blockfolio account.
Post your address for proof of hodlingz.
telegram> encrypted
Congrats man, you're gonna be a very wealthy anon.
This is my moon ticket to finally play the crypto game by throwing down ks into each promising coins and get me out of poorfaggot status.
Your faith in odn solidifies my tiny investment.
I'll take a photo of my wallet during my lunch break in a little over a hour.
Because they know ODN will be worth a lot soon and they want some cheap coins.
Always buy coins being fudded on biz and avoid coins being shilled on biz.
It's really that easy.
It's free though... Only certain features are paid.
You're smart.
I respect that.
I have 1.1k ODN, I hope I make it anons, although I probably still wont.
Just need my first real moon mission to get me off the ground.
You literally missed free money, holy shit I've never seen anyone so stupid.
ODN is the one coin that actually is making solid progress, and has a future in the marketplace.
The only thing you need to worry about is holding and then after a year you can worry about what colour Lambo you want.