is it me or biz has gone to total shit ?
I just wish there was any content besides crypto.
It's so frustrating.
At least on fit and ck they put all the related topics in the exact same thread.
You don't see 50 powerlifting topics at once.
It has gone to shit.
4380812buy link faggots
mine looks just like thatall LINK and moneyskeleton pedo threads hidden
Complaining about crypto on a crypto containment board.Saying that, it has gotten exponentially worse the last 18 months or so.
At least before you did see some other topics frequently.
Now, it's 100% crypto.
My only point is that if the board is dedicated to business and finance, it'd be nice to see at least a little variety.
it was always shit.>itt: newfags
(((blockstream))) is flooding the board with street-shitting third worlders who do nothing but post awful FUD about Bcash
street shitting american here.
blonde hair blue eye 6 3. i dont hate bcash.
im willing to buy 1000 of those shitcoins at 100 sats each
good, i hope bcash crashes and burns till the point of obscurity
it was always shit>used to have actual investors>used to have intelligent debates>used to have useful content>used to have advice from richfagsBut I agree: the current LARPing 14-year olds and eternal poorfag pajeets with their stream of endless, meme coin threads is MUCH better.
Thank goodness for the new /biz/.
I remember that LARP.
FYI, the picture you posted was a trust fund kid posting his dad's account.
Yea it kind of has.
Anyone remember GMO?
I just bought 1800 shares.
I made some money way back in the day when it was /ourstock/ and i'm hoping to do it again.
Anyone want to join in?
It's near bottom and the CEO just bought $10000 worth.
The angry BCH bagholders and legions of (paid) shills brought this board to a new all-time low.
Instead of just moving on and accepting it is their own fault and bad decision making that led to missing out on BTC and losing on BCH, they endlessly argue like deluded dimwits.
They don't even have any funny memes.
It is just sad.
Cryptoboard I'm noticing A LOT of /pol/ish threads after that one vitalik tweet about trump.
Hope it's just a temporary thing.
4380880The board is advertised as a general business and finance board.The solution is to create a /crypt/ for crypto discussion and ban crypto discussion from /biz/As a crypto guy myself, I would prefer this and would regularly read both boards.
a trust fund kid posting his dad's accountHmm, which was he: a trust fund kid, or posting his dad's account?
You don't seem to realize that those would e two very different things, and would imply two different accounts?But by all means, tell us more about how great current /biz/ has become.
This board was created for crypto though back when pol got spammed to hell
Yes it has.
/bizpol/ is quite active but so what.
/biz/ has always sucked.
Late at night there are some tolerable threads sometimes.
This board was created for crypto though back when pol got spammed to hellYou mean /g/ but its a common mistake.
/pol/ always mistakenly thinks it has an effect on reality.
Still, it doesn't mean every thread has to be a coin-related shitpost like now.