TA is a meme... right guys?
Right...?!
Yes it is a meme.
You forgot to add the line for the 50 million new tethers!
its 8245 on bittrex, so this is the fall?
I cashed out 4 btc at 8280 last nightWould be nice if this came true and i actually sold the very top for once.
Regardless I'm happy to be mostly out the market for now with all the drama and shit going on.. this last push up to 8k just makes btc look way too risky as an investment for me now..
I mean it was 5k less than 2 weeks ago.I still have a bunch of alt and shitcoins that I haven't sold yet because they are so cheap anyway due to this btc rally its not even worth it.I would encourage everyone to take a little bit of profit when we are flying so high on btc right now, I mean we are all doing this to make money after all right?
Try not to forget that and make sure you're shaving some of your profits off into actually usable fiat along the way because if a crash like mtgox was ever to occur again you could literally lose everything overnight
Very reasonable advice
Let it drop time to time man.
Alts can have breath and we can buy more cheap.
Price drop needed sometimes too.
thats actually good ta
I cashed out 4 btc at 8280 last nightGood job.
I bought more at 8100.
See you when we are at $10k.
Thanks bruh
TA is fine, but I prefer to use chicken entrails when prophesising the future.
Same here anon.
Took out 4.5.
I've got 1.5 still in and $20,000 ready to reinvest when Bitcoin drops back to the mid $5000's.
buying at almost ATH>logical
You bought at 8100, but I bought those bitcoins at 1800.
I personally wouldn't dream of funneling new fiat into bitcoin at this price but that's just me.. when I invested at 1800 I'm sure people who bough at 100 probably felt the same.Good luck with your btc but I really doubt that'll be the best entry price you'll get between now and 2018 we're flying way too high right now and so much fud floating around
YES!
this is what I have been waiting for!
Right now 1 bit is .82 cents.
In 5 years when that's a dollar, people are going to be falling over themselves wondering why they didn't buy in when bits were cheap and satoshis were a fraction of a penny.
HAHAHAHAHAHA this post aged HORRIBLY
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahahahhahahahahahhahahaha
Lets just face it, bitcoin will perpetually go up, we will never see a bear market for more than a day.
ever again.