>wavesdex.nlwavesdex.nlNiggerCoins are back and up for sale on wavesdex.nl, it seems both original EY and 3P NGR are up.
Check out the Nigger/Waves pair on wavesdex.nlAlso funny to look at the trade history of Nigger/BTC and Nigger/Waves, how many people actually bought this back during the frenzy.
full payment system integration with Yum!
Brands KFC chain by 2020this is an easy 10x coin

V4jWCUudiscord for true whales with inside info
Lol, you need the NiggerCoin whales?
Niggercoin whale here.
We're pumping big tonight.
Keep up, muthafucka.-Merk
Tell me more about Blackchain technology.
I remember back in the day some guy game me 10k wojaks and I sold them for 10 waves to some retard.
I think it was the only legit wojak sale.
Made like $30 or $40 fo frizzy
>you're the waves team, trying to be socially responsible and build a cool tech product that can go mainstream>the only asset that gets any volume on your blockchain is NIGGERS>you remove them from your main exchange>months go by>price is relatively stable but no one is actually using the protocol in any serious volume>a norwegian guy copies and pastes the exchange source code minus the censoring part>after months, finally people are using your blockchain again, there is high volume>you check what assets are getting so popular>it's just NIGGERS, againno one wants 3p btw, the p is for pajeet.
EY 4 life
can someone edit this https://github.com/chancoin-core/CHANCOIN-TippingExtensionso we can tip with niggers, and on /pol/ too?
CONFIRMED PBC PICKPUMPING HARD RIGHT NOW
how long does this take to load?
does anyone even have any up for sale?
Post nigger coin memesI loved the old threads where people begged for niggers.
Lash rate, the black paper, and other gems.
i take it back.EY and 3P are the same thing..EY is the identifier,3p is the issuer which shows on the portolio page of the waves dex.
to see the identifier you have to click "show info"real niggers were born on 6/10/17 never forget
anyone got more than me?
I saw some NGR devs at KFC Collaboration probably on the wayBig if true
slavemaster nodes when?
>The abbreviation is NGR and not EBTsmdh senpai
This could easily be a phishing site.
There should be a way to check your balance without giving up your seed.
.
look up who runs the site (hes a techie)2. if you got your shit jacked that would just add to the nigger theme3.
if youre that scared just transfer a tiny amount to a new wallet and try it out
As you can see the price of niggers is currently extremely undervalued.
Let's get this into coinmarketcap!
Can someone get niggers back on pol?
no my friend you are mistaken.yes the identifier is EY and the issuer is 3pbut theres another nigger coin where the identifier starts with 3P and the issuer is something else.
but there are indeed 2
oh yeah, the identifier thats 3P is the pajeet version.
it was created AFTER 6/10 because it's the pajeet copycat.
real niggers birthed 6/10.
never forget.there are about 3 or 4 copycats that came out 6/11, 6/12, etc, but they aren't nearly as widely distributed (decentralized) or hard working in teh fields
i think i was that retard(i regret nothing)
P was copy of EYniggers
yes the original EY is best, total max coin supply is only 148,888if it was listed on a real exchnge it would moon hard
Niggercoin was the funniest thing.
The best part was all the niggers complaining, telling us to go back to /pol/.PAJEETCOIN WHEN.
Oh wait Confido already exists.
one coin is legal chicken tender
>explaining how you made $17k off of this to the taxman

how the hell would it get listed anywhere?
it wont since its a waves token, but an anon made an erc20 NiggerCoin thats on yobit
Advanced cotton picking algorythms.
damn shamei'm just glad it forced WAVES' hand, and proved they're centralized fucks
4475701on bittrex there are waves tokens listed.
multiple.waves tokens can be listed on exchanges.someone asked yobit, they said no, too offensive of a name.someone will probably make a slave trading website someday.
yeah, total sham
we need to find a way
in god we trustnot>in nog we trust