>Market closed today>Market closes early tomorrow>Market closed for the weekendFuck this gay Earth and the lazy wall street workers who are preventing me from making money.
trading anything but cryptos>ever
There are nice gains to be gotten in Canadian weed but /biz/ only cares about crypto right now.
You should be thankful.
With crypto there are no fucking breaks.Want to always be caught up in crypto?
Your social and family life will suffer.
At least a little bit.
24/7 hour market.
Also if you sleep at the wrong times, well fuck you.
regulation is for people who cant think for themselvesnot gonna make it
I feel sorry for all the brainlets who aren't holding Canadian weed companies
are you living in the fucking 90s?use an international broker to trade EU markets or just trade crypto like normal people?
4525644I'm a resident in Germany.
How can I buy stocks in Canadian weed companies?
Also interested about the canadian weed companies.
Tell me more
got a link to their ico?
I was thinking about "diversifying" into weed stocks but the way I see it, you're working with similar risks as crypto but without the same possibilities of incredible gains (unless you're just comparing to traditional stocks).
So with limited capital, why would I spread out into that?
I'll stick with my magical internet money.
Open to counter arguments though.
Crypto is dead.
It's not even worth it anymore unless you buy bitcoin, and even then you need to be able to afford thousands of bitcoin for it to be even worth it.
bru merkel is against legalizition personallybut after the next governmental period im 80% sure they will legalize itand i will be ready to jump in
I have made around 250K USD this year mostly on BTC, XMR and ETH but this post made me cry since I only code crypto projects and trade those days and no one arounds me know it :(
Given the state of Germany you'd be better of investing in stocks of Rape Whistle and Pepper Spray companies desu.
Can u buy Canadian weed stocks on Robin hood?
No right?
I consider Canada's weed market a safer bet.
It won't be a couple thousand percent gains like crypto has potential for, however, as long as the weed grower isn't wildly incompetent they will either succeed or get bought out by a larger company.
None of these companies is going to tank long term.
As for possibility of delays in legalization, that's a factor, sure.
Weed will be legal in Canada though.
There is way too much money invested now to the point that it's absolute political suicide for any elected official to try to stop it.
My opinion on good stocks:>Aurora Cannabis will win top spot over Canopy within two years if not earlier.>Canopy should hold as 2nd under Aurora>small company to look at is Hydropothecary (THCX).
Main reason is lack of local competition in the Quebec market.
I expect the aforementioned big companies to attempt to buy them out at some point.
Buy Canadian legal weed companies> Enjoy my 8% annual growthAhhh yes,such a wild ride
Suit yourself.
Oh, by the way, 8% annual, yeah, no.
Take a look at Aurora and Canopy's charts.
II only have 1000 shares of aurora.
I feel like a cuck, I should've bought 4000.
I'm trying to actively FUD it back to 3-4 dollars so I can buy more.
Classic biz moves.
Anyway yeah fuck stocks, you only get 7% average growth rate.
Crypto is better hurr.
The bubble won't pop durr.
Please sell your stocks.
he thinks its still May/Juneaww sweetie, I have some nightmarish news for you