This months PBC Coin is going to be one close to TEEKA’s Home.
We already know that PBC is becoming a PumpNDump.
So why not pump your cousins Coin.
(TIWARI connection)> Vinod TIWARI is head of Biz dev and sales for POWER LEDGER> PowerLedger is at web summit 2.0 (TEEKA mentioned in his last report that he will be going there to research a new renewable energy coin)> POWR is not on Bittrex (TEEKA )> TEEKA did an entire write up for GAS (Not on Bittrex on Binance)> Low Market Cap (50 mill)> > Rumor has it ELON MUSK’s Solar City is acquiring Power Ledger in Q1-2018 (Perfect price run up for TEEKA’s subscribers)
> POWR at web summit 2.0
This months palm beach coin is POWR, get in before it goes 2x
I think this has the highest chance to be it
Wait...is this legit?
Please find the MIT connection and former energy derivatives trader that were also clues.
Thanks.
Yeah pretty sure it's POWR!
yeah, info has been out for a while
There is MIT connection.
Former Harvard Business School Grad.
Has been on several Ivy League boards including MIT's
HERE WE GO!
As an electrical engineer, I can tell you this is the most promising investment I've seen in my eleven years of work in the field
Please show me where POWR fits into this.
Have they partnered with one of MITs leading minds, and the former energy derivatives trader?This is the quote that was leaked, "I’ll be meeting up with a former energy derivatives trader who has partnered with one of MIT’s leading minds on a solar blockchain project."
give it up pajeets.
This coin has no value.
plz ref.
Seems legit to me!
Where is the former energy derivatives trader that partnered with one of MITs leading minds?Being on the board at MIT does not make him one of MITs leading minds.
It's his fucking cousin, a solar blockchain project and Bill Tai is former MIT.
How much more proof do you need?Also they attend Web summit
Teeka here: I can confirm this is true.
You are a genius to have read my mind!
Thank you!
It has been posted on this board a number of times.
Someone posted a screenshot of the leak and I can assure that what was posted in that screenshot is from the newsletter before it was removed from the site because it gave too many clues.
> " Rumor has it "Fuck off
what is the big deal about the screencap?
Holy shit!!
I am just asking.
I haven't argued with you, I am trying to put the pieces together as well.
It could very well be solarcoin.How do you know that is his cousin?
I am just asking, not arguing.
Is that really his cousin?
that some insider shit
ITS HIS COUSIN YOU BLIND FUCK
That is not Teeka.
Don't be an idoit.
It's solar coin you fucking mongs
How do you know that is his cousin?
Haha yeah...this is so obviously illegal...but this coin will MOON.
not even confirmed on bittrex, its too late for his pick this month
this one 
rumors that powr will be on bittrex in their telegram
He featured GAS before...only on binance.
he PICKED up GASGAS is a coin that was only on Binance when Teeka called it
to the moon!
this guy fucks.
President Teeka already leaked this is old news we all know its POWR
Holy shit...This is legit, we will land on the moon.
It is not definitively POWR.
SLR is likely the coin.
LOL.Did you read the fucking thread?It's POWR
It's already priced in, boyos
Yes I read it.
I also know what the clues in the leak are and they point to SLR, not POWR
This is a crazy good pick.
This is it...officially.
2x about to happen.
Hahahhahhahahhaha.Make POWR great again.
I certainly believe that thats the new palm beach coin!
Yes we POWR!
We about to get rich or what?
It could be SLR.
I'm a mathematician with a CS background with an MBA from Stanford, and I can tell you this investment will lose you a lot of money.
Buy if you like heavy bags.
No.
Why you broke?
Yes.
Show me the former energy derivatives trader who has partnered with one of MITs great minds.
Okay...If this is legit, I'll buy a lambo.
Already did.
It 's not legit.
It is a guess, and not the only solar coin.
SLR is more the likely choice.
It's POWR.
HERE WE GO!
It's POWR.Show me the former energy derivatives trader that has partnered with one of MITs great minds.
That is the biggest clue outside of it being a solar coin.
It's not solar - it's powr
It's his fucking cousin, former MIT on the team.
Anyone who believes this deserves to lose all of their money.
Every single time you guys fall for this shit.
Wait...is this for real?
His cousin....This shit will explode.
where is it traded?
POWR is the coin that kills SOLARCOIN
 WRONG!Read this: https://github.com/solarcoin/solarcoinSolarCoin is released under the terms of the MIT license.
For more information or see http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT.
Binance - rdy to moon
I'M ready for the moon.
Solarcoin SLR is released under the Terms of the MIT license.https://github.com/solarcoin/solarcoin
I've actually gotten minors in both sociology and abstract business psychology and have worked on dozens of successful data mining programs so I can assure you this product will be the biggest gainer in late 2017 based on consumer instincts.
Guys... this is legit the next PBC coin...Buff Teeka approves!
What does PBC mean plz help fellow noob
Palm beach confidential...aka 2X easy money.
The hint is this: I’ll be meeting up with a former energy derivatives trader who has partnered with one of MIT’s leading minds on a solar blockchain project.
Partnered with MITs leading mindS.
SLR is licensed through MIT!
Hi all,The MIT connection for POWR wasn’t a part of the company when Teeka released his clues.
Also still no ex energy deriv trader on POWR team.
I have done hours and hours of research on this.It is not POWR.
It is SLR.
SLR parent company ElectricChain was incubated in MITs coveted start up program.
Nick Gogerty of SLR is an ex energy deriv trader
Teeka approves
I work here at Teekas office and he has been talking about getting new solar energy panels on our roof.
I think this was due to his meeting at web summit 2.0 with some woman I forgot her name though.
I agree with you.
SLR matches every clue.
This is the dumbest thread I've ever seen
Thank you!
I knew that I had read that information and am not in a situation right now that I can search for it.
SLR is the only match based on this information.
White Teeka approves...POWR will moon and my cousin will be rich.
Midget Teeka here.the other teekas are fucking lying!
!Warmest Regards,Midget Teeka
when moon?
Finally a crypto which can combine the obnoxious environmentalist with the block-chain.
You have to be litterally retarded to not sell all other holdings you have, and buy into the coin which this vegan-cult have made to save the environment..!
Black Teeka says its POWR.BLACK POWER!
I've been watching this coin for a while, and my hand has finally been forced to buy.I went to an environmental talk in London around 3 months (fx talks) and listened to Jonathon Porritt talk about the environment, energy and how we are all going to be doomed if its not for the efforts of some emerging companies.
One of these was Vector, https://www.vector.co.nz/, a revolutionary energy company in New Zealand.
He talked about how it was going to change the world, along with Tesla etc etcPOWR has been working with Vector along side numerous other companies.With the team and connections in Vector and the working product of POWR already in action I couldnt ignore it anylonger.Biz has let the cat out of the bag,Anyway this is a good one, thats my firsthand info, do what you want with it
Anybody who buys this token based on this thread full of outright lies deserves to be stuck holding bags of it.It has been proven that SLR has the MIT and energy derivatives trader connection that Teeka talked about.
POWR shillers can only say "moon".
Okay go already.
You may have determined that you feel it is a good buy for you, but this thread is full of lies about it being the PB pick.
are you stupid?
It´s so obv.
POWR
I went to an environmental talk in London >Anyway this is a good one, thats my firsthand infoYour firsthand impression is wrong, I base that on the fact that you have bought the whole "save the environment" shit..
It is not.
Show me the former energy derivatives trader and the MIT license that SLR has.
Haha yes I agree, no need take my word for itMost people here seem to be throwing their lunch money around speculating on whatever the mobs rules, but I thought some genuine info might be of some help to someone out there,some extra, Vector has also teamed up with Tesla ,here's a link to a summary of the talk I just found now that has a bit of info in it, enjoy!,http://www.designcurial.com/news/fx-5869003
This token has no value.
They don't expect this to be built for years, then the token MIGHT be purchased by people who want to lower the cost of their energy bills in five to ten years.
ITS HAPPENING
It was focused on radical thinking, not only environment.
Check out the link.
damn.
You fucking moron idiot.
Do you know that the MIT license is just called the MIT license because it was created by MIT years ago??
It is essentially an open source license agreement that says that anyone can modify, reproduce and share this entity.
Every creator on the internet uses it!!
From web designers who want to publish free art online to game developers to any software developers working on open source projects.IT BASICALLY MEANS THAT THE SOFTWARE IS OPEN SOURCE AND CAN BE SHARED AND MODIFIED BY ANYONE!IT HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH A CONNECTION TO MIT!ANYONE CAN USE THAT LICENSE!!
IT IS ONE OF THE MOST USED FREE LICENSE AGREEMENTS ON THE INTERNET!
Tell me the former energy derivatives trader and great MIT mind that are associated with POWR.You can't.
POWR is super undervalued..
POWR has no value.
The tokens are for people to potentially lower their energy bills when this project is complete in a minimum of FIVE YEARS.
Teeka about to pump his cousins coin...what a savage
Why are you hating on this coin so much?
POWR has no value"I-I'm not FUDding!"
Prove that is Teeka's cousin.
Why is there so much shilling
Yes, I was asking why they thought this was the pick.
Then the entire thread turned into a bunch of shilling and lies.
Calling it out due to the bullshit in this thread.
Don't listen to the IDIOTS in this thread that didn't even know what an open-source MIT license was LMAO!It is POWR fellas.
POWR fits all the checkmarks!One of POWR's prominent investors is Mike Novogratz: Billionaire investor and ex-hedge fund manager!That is the ex-derivatives trader!
MIKE NOVOGRATZ!
!And BOY he is a big, big dude to have in your corner!
!POWR TO THE MOON!
!PROOF:https://masterthecrypto.com/power-ledger-analysis/
It doesn't matter.
The point is that the pick is a solar coin that has a former energy derivatives trader who is working with one of MITs greatest minds on the project.
POWR does not have that.
It's a trading platform for energy.You could have a solarfarm or someone making an extra buck with a couple of solarpanels on the roof, its all the same but it's application is enormous
No.
Read the whitepaper.
believing a bald man
Its australia dude not world wide thing It won't see large adoption until late 2018 and even then it's still just in the most unpopulated part of Australia
They are building villages that will produce the solar energy this token will potentially be used for.
We are talking at least five years.
who cares about large adoption ELON MUSK MEANS MOON
I have.
One of POWR's prominent investors is Mike Novogratz: Billionaire investor and ex-hedge fund manager!>That is the ex-derivatives trader!
MIKE NOVOGRATZ!
!so yeah any other concerns?
on why its not POWR
A hedge fund manager, but I don't see anything that says anything about him being former energy derivatives trader.
If you google his name along with derivatives, the results all have derivatives crossed out as a match.Where are you finding information that Mike Novogratz is a former energy derivatives trader?
All hedge funds deal in derivatives.
That's like saying you don't see the word "stocks" or "currency" next to his name.
Him being the fund manager 100% means he has traded derivatives.
We can conclude he has traded in the energy sector as almost all hedge funds have massive diversification and energy is key in almost all of them.
Not to mention, him investing in POWR should let you know that he clearly is interested in and is working in the energy sector.
Logic dictates he has worked in the energy sector before.Jeez, how do you know so little about tech and finance and yet you so arrogantly defend your ill-conceived notion?
You cannot conclude anything.
The former energy derivatives trader is Nick Gogerty, founder of Solarcoin.
He was also chief strategist for Lykke, which is one of Teeka's past picks.This /biz/ poster had it right.
(This is not me, but I searched for it because I remembered it from last month right after the leak.)
All of the connections to the clues are there.https://warosu.org/biz/thread/3998244https://warosu.org/biz/thread/3998244
And yet SLR is nowhere to be seen at the WEb Summit 2.0!!
In fact, you can check SolarCoin's subreddit and someone asked Nick Gogerty if he's attending Web Summit and he flat said no!So please explain how the coin is SLR when they are nowhere near Web Summit 2.0 and yet POWR is FUCKING THERE?!?
All the way from Austrailia?Do you think it's a coincidence that POWR and Austrailian company would go all the way to Portugal at the exact same time as TEeka to attend a conference that isn't even cryptocurrency related?
?On top of that have you seen SolarCoin's website?
OMG it's fucking garbage static html page that looks like it was coded by a web dev that is still learning how to code from codeacademy!
https://solarcoin.org/The whole project really, really looks like a true shitcoin!It went live all the way back in 2014 and STILL looks like a garbage shitcoin.Meanwhile POWR just finished their ICO back in July and already are further ahead and less of a shitcoin than SLR is.Who do you really think Teeka would put his reputation on POWR or SLR??LMAO.
on bittrexsometimes biz never listensenjoy missing the moon mission
$POWR ON BITTREX
It's going to be SLR - stay deluded.
Solarcoin is the chain working with MIT.
Check the pump already - those who know are getting in.
OP here - To everyone enjoying bittrex listing enjoy.
real pump in few days with PBC listing
Stay deludedI don't see shit about POWR anywhere - probably because it's another shit ERC token
The homo director>The SJW "size 21 is okay too">The dumb Pajeet>The bright eyed kid who is gonna be doing all the workI might as well invest in IBM
It's going to be SLR - stay deluded.
Solarcoin is the chain working with MIT.
Check the pump already - those who know are getting in.^This
fuck this is gonna pump hard
no way im touching this when they can't even frame their pictures properly within the circles
ENJOY
I thought it was stojr?...
>been thinking about getting into this all week>decide to im going to sell my airswap bags and buy in>just before i do it gets listed om bittrexFml
https://bittrex.com/Market/Index?MarketName=BTC-POWR
that sweet sweet bittrex pump
huuuuuuuge news
zzzz this price is underwhelming.
Praying for a Palm Beach mention or something, this isn't even 2x the price from before.
https://bittrex.com/Market/Index?MarketName=BTC-POWRyeah it could be way sweeter
Why the FUCK arent we mooning boys?
Mercury gets listed earlier>All the first sells are over 10x the price it was pre Bittrex>POWR gets listed now>All the first sells close down towards the current Binance priceWe can't have nice things because we're not a shitcoin, so people are holding this coin down for whatever reason.
Good one low-selling cunts.
It already mooned 200% you stupid fucking mongoloid >t.
bought it at .00001042
Obviously I meant post bittrex listing you subhuman nog.
hoping for a pump while people already dumped their 3-5x gainsStay poor mongrel.