>Not buying DCorp (DRP) before its on coinmarketcapIt pays dividends in ETH and the total supply is only 8 million tokens and the marketcap is a small fucking 4 million dollars and its listing on HitBTC on the 17th EASIEST 10X OF MY LIFE
:OOOOO
don't tell these guys.
they also didn't buy req when it was 0.0011.
You can't teach them to buy low.
You have to be nice to people sometimes even if they dont deserve it
why is this so cheap??
is it normal to have this low supply/marketcap
I got mine bro.
Easy 10x
What was ICO price?
Its at like $0.72 rn on cyptopia after being down 90%.
I'm thinking of jumping in
https://icobazaar.com/dcorp>literally a google search away
Its not normal but the coin is not even listed on coinmarketcap yet NOBODY KNOWS ITS TRADING also low supply and marketcap only means EASY GROWTH
 tokens for 1 ETH so about 0.002 average but people who bought in at later stages had to pay more
but what is the use of the token
You buy it so your family doesn't get murdered in their sleep.
As far as I know it's the first project of it's kind.
all you have to do is go to their website https://www.dcorp.it/ and read the whitepaper why do you have to spoon feed you everything
https://youtu.be/Vym9ENgBP-g>investing in pajeetcoin
How do you even buy it?
Laughing my fucking ass off this voice holy shit
Seriously.
Take a read and you'll hopefully understand what ground floor you're getting into.
If not, kys and diaf
they couldn't even hire a white guy to narrate to make themselves look legit
thats not an official video its just some pajeet who does these retarded intros on his channel
Legit or not?
thats not an official video retard all you had to do is click and look at the channel that uploaded it
Yeah I'm gonna dump a grand in where can I buy it the icos over
Where can I get some DERP coin
fking lost it
4271777>https://etḥerdelta.com/#DRP-ETH
I uploaded my bitcoin to this SCAM website TWO HOURS AGO!!!
You fucked up mate, you can only buy with ETH.
Your bitcoin is forever gone :)
Whats the marketcap ?
Oh god I'm sorry bro
like 6 million dollars right now
Plz guys how does it work?
I buy ETH with btc on etherdelta and I send them to their website?
Dude, I hope you're joking.
Who the fuck transfers BTC to a place called ETHERdelta?
XD
FUCK 50% GAIN ALREADY TODAY
if you bought when i created this thread you'd have 70% profit
I KNOW BRO I BOUGHT IN AT $0.75 AND NOW IT'S FUCKING $1.23keep calling it a pajeet scam biz.
I'll see you when I cash out $40,000 in 3 days.
Buy ETH on any exchange, send it to an ERC20 wallet (either create one on Etherdelta or use MEW), transfer your ETH from your wallet to Etherdelta's smart contract using the "Deposit" option on ED and then go buy any of the ERC20 tokens on there :)
Thank you OP, based.
https://etḥerdelta.com/#DRP-ETHtop right corner create a new wallet deposit ETH to it but DRP with ETH
What?
There are good things here sometimes
I know man.
I'll never forget when you guys told me to mine pascal last summer.
Made $2800 by just leaving my computer on for a week.
I owe /biz/ a lot for getting me into crypto.
my sides
why are you shilling this already fucker
fuck your accumulating biz bros deserve some love
75% GAIN ITS HAPPENINGGGG
Sorry to FUD a bit, but why haven't their been any commits to their github in 5 months?
When should I sell ?
100% GAINS REEEEEE
when is it gonna be on Coinmarketcap?
why arent these faggots selling?
4272204
after I fuck your mum nice and gud
how do you think they created and audited the smart contract to unlock the fucking votes you dip fuck They have two companies auditing their code as we speak.
VC platform is to be out late december.
Derivatives exchange soft dated for q2 2018.
Already pumped buy EDO instead
DCORP AT 125% REEEEE
That fake buy wall just got removed
whats with these dcorp fags not selling?
theres a bunch of orders on ED but ffs those assholes won't sell.
just give it up
Hey guys am I late to the party ?
thanks fags just made 150$ in 2 minutes
dam anon is this u????????
Because I got in the ICO literally a crypto lifetime ago and missed>NEO>WTCAnd others.
By my math I need it to do a 100x from ICO to keep pace with what I missed.
same
this is the strangest order book i've ever seen
sends BTC to ETHERdelta
Just use Shapeshift.io to convert BTC to ETH
People are buying much higher than the lowest sell orders, I don't understand
Once this hits CMC the price will be 5x.
That's why people are FOMOing.
and once you can convert your drp to 2x drpu and buy/sell it on hitbtc itll really moon
well faggits im asking when its gonna be on CMC u Pajeet larpers
If you can't understand what he just said, it's time to take a week to read up on the tech behind the shitcoins you're investing in, faggot.
tomorrow
About to crash boys
Sold this shit and bought EDO holy fuck I'm about to hit 2 moon missions today!
I missed it
still only just the start
buy the dip
you can't send BTC to an ETH address anyway so definitely bulshitting
How do I send eth to fuckin etherdelta?
I use the etherdelta private key I created?
come join us for DRP shiling!https://discord.gg/7wnGQkt
fuck if i know i got in in the ico and im hodlin as this moon mission gets started good luck anon
cheap ico bags dumped on biztards
Yes.
Be sure to leave some ETH in your main wallet so you can transfer your funds back off the exchange.
Why it has to be so complicated !!
Be happy it has no KYC, Anon.
It's straight in-and-out.
Just don't fat-finger, take it easy and you'll be diamond.
I'm reluctant to buy Eth at ath plus it's dropping.
Fuck fuck fuck !
I needed a 2X to buy a shitty car !!
Just be patient, too much FOMO and cryptos will kill you by popping blood vessels in your brain.
dcorp btfo
totally forgot i got scammed into buying this shitcoin at ICO, had to wait 4 fucking months to get my coins.
already trading at more than 2x.
wtf maybe it's not shitcoin?
DELET
missed your chance to sell 4x.
It's getting BTFO
https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/dcorpwe cmc now
So it's over?
https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/dcorpWAS JUST LISTED ON COINMARKETCAP WE'RE JUST GETTING STARTED
BTFO
drpu is listing on hitbtc on the 17th, we've only just begun
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA MY LINKS ARE GONE
Ahahaha wtf is this token going to save the world from space invaders or what?
dao blockchain capital>dividends>derivatives exchangep.
much
What's the circulating supply?
mil
CMC is jusdt the beginning!
Anons I have 5k to play with and I'm a less than a new fag at this.
Should I buy ether?
Or go with drp?
Don't buy DRP now, it's about to dump.
Heed my warning anon, you missed the pump and now its all going to come crashing down.
I just sold at a minor profit thankfully in time
this dude is a pussy, get in on drp.
change it for 2x drpu once the converter is available and then sell your 2x drpu on hitbtc on nov 17th
I just set up EtherDelta etc for the first time too.
Pumped 300€ in it, but I was very careful.
You can very easily fuck something up in this proces if you don't know what you're doing.
First look into getting an ETH wallet (and to secure the info safely for yourself), then find the guide on reddit about how to use EtherDelta.
First put a small amount of ETH on it to play with on EtherDelta if you want to be really safe.What is 2x drpu?
Where can i convert them
convertion tool isn't available, its going to be released in couple days.
put it 50:50 .
50 % in eth and 50% in DRP.
You will get way more profits wird DRP.
if not today than in the next days until 17th nov
thanks, sold 100kthen bought 100k more
lmao here comes the exits!!!
BTFO!!!!
Say I go 50/50 the end goal with dcorp is to sell it on hitbtc on the 17th right?
Perfect time to buy!
yes, if you can not flip it before for a good profit.
What is the absolute state of biz?> 2 days on RetarDelta> 10 minutes on CMC> daily volume $150K on a 8 million supply coin> hitbtc in 10 daysIt's over this is the peak lol if you haven't sold now you're gonna baghold, not a penny will flow into this anymore.Thanks /biz.
I can always rely on your /bizness advice.
LOL EXIT DCORP MARKET!!!!!!!
RIP TO ALL THAT BOUGHT OVER .005!!!!!!!!
This Whale is gonna make you SUFFER
lol lets see
Nah, be wise Oh Mighty Whale, pump it to make more candidates join the party.
Classic biz FUDing this good coin into a PnD.
More for me
This is going back to ICO price.
don't think so!
SWINDLED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
supply is so low for this coin its only going to go up
lmao fake sell walls removed.Get on this NIGGER (excuse my french lol) before it breaks the top 100.
OP IS SCAMMING US BOYSLOOK AT THE DOT BELOW H
Don’t complain on biz when you don’t buy the dips lmao
 L O L IM DYING
/biz/ on the 17th: "why didn't i listen"
while still hilarious, its not an offical vid
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rbi7cOy5zqY
we only just starting, this is still the ground floor
mfw drp/eth not on blockfolio
it is tho
I can buy this with Btc on cyrptopia right?
yeah, its currently cheaper on cryptopia now than on ed
Bought $100 worth.
Will I make it?
itll be $1000 in a month
That's a fuckton of instatnt noodles!
Thx.