L-link marines ;___;
you will make it, soldier.
yes it sucks, but look back in a few months.
It'll be okay
Remember BTC went from $30 to $3...When you're a multi millionaire and all your friends are jealous of your waifu and lambo it won't matter what happened in October !
Just remember it still has tons of room to fall before the fork
Rent.Free..quit fudding plebe
being a squatter because you bought a erc20 token with one billion coins >rent free
implying it will fall before the fork any morePeople are starting to get out of BTC now and will be getting out close to the fork.
If it ends up being like BCH then it will be about an 8% gain.
That is nothing compared to the gains you can get by buying alts now and waiting for the fork to be over since after the fork a lot of people will be moving their BTC back into the altcoin market.
it definitely wont fall that hard, but btc fork fomo is about to kick in again
This is a great buy and hold.
In the exact same boat my dude
Already living rentree on the moon
Buying right now is great, can it get any lower?
Link has a knack of surpassing expectations.
It can absolutely go lower.
The price is heavily manipulated and only 2% of existing LINK is trading on exchanges.
It doesn't take much to dump or moon this thing, so any upward movements get sold off.
% of the circulating supply?
holy shit so almost everyone is holding?
BCH 8% increase in marketcap>close to 1bil increase in marketcap>LINK increasing marketcap by 1bil would be close to 20x
I knew this would crash so I sold 60 percent of my holdings at 40c which was a good 2x for me.
I still have the other 40 percent.
And I am holding because I know this will go up.
I will actually buy some more after the fork since it is so cheap.
Yes.
Very few LINK are actually being traded.
Read our homie CryptoTakeoff's updates for more info.
He's been studying the movements of the top wallets since the beginning.
His older posts have more information on how much LINK is actually moving.
PS.
Not shilling his page, he just has good info and he posts here.https://medium.com/@CryptoTakeoff