Wagecucks, lets see your pathetic life savings
yo how u do dat
Inb4 some faggot posts his 50-100k $ savings, and say shit like "i'm poor"" fucking want to kms, too poor"
Just hit 1k so I'm happy.
Moon mission incoming
So poor
Having 29,000 dollars invested in some retarded shitcoin
4264949 **
Anyone without DGB in their portfolio is plain retarded -.-
Here's mine.
I'm your typical wagecuck, who is totally ignorant at financial as a whole, let alone crypto investment.
But now I want to start but don't know where and how to.
Any advice?
Any sophisticated monkey could earn % returns blindly picking coins from the top 100 market capI recommend checking out /biz/ /r/cryptocurrency twitter and coinmarketcap.com Create a portfolio with 75% BTC ETH and other high caps and then use the other 25% to invest in risky low cap coins
Any coin that gets accepted onto Coinbase is a surefire thing.
While the buy-in seems high and it might look like they've already mooned all three of those coins are potential 5 digit deals and definite high 4 digits.So for "slow" but steady gains take your rainy day money (don't bother investing if you're not willing to put in at least $1k) and put 60% of it into BTC, ETH, and LTC.
Now, don't keep any of those coins on coinbase.
Download wallets and send them there.
To get other coins you'll need to trade on other exchanges.
I think someone said Coinbase has weird ban rules for daytrading, and since a lot of other sites only take BTC or ETH for trading you'll use your wallet as a middleman to trade from coinbase -> wallet -> alt exchange and then back again when you're ready to cash out.You can do 40% into any shit you see on coinmarketcap top 100 after doing research on the tech, how it's being received, seeing that their whitepaper and website are professional and all that jazz, or if you're feeling froggy pop it into an ICO that looks like a pyramid scheme and get in and out early.You could do what  says and 75/25 with your alts, but high risk high reward and all that jazz.
You just won't see the insane 10x gainz as often.
On the flipside you won't be here posting pink wojaks over a 10x loss
Congratulations!
android update when
4265570Thank you for your input.
But as I am now, I don't even understand the basics so I have to start from scratch.
Like wallet, how and where to buy different coins, how transactions work, and what is ico, whitepaper, token etc... Is any kind of wallet okay?
You mentioned coinbase, is it the same as blockchain?
Dions, Bro
No, coinbase is an exchange which enables buyers and sellers meet each other.
Blockchain is the name of the technology which enables crypto transactions.
Not pictured is Hedgetoken
seems like you are really new.
not a bad thing, but you should maybe consider learning and lurking more before you invest.
Plebbit has a great place for new normies to go get acquainted.
search youtube vidoes too: "Cryptocurrency investing for beginner" would be a good place to start.
i'm poor but i've been doing well.
wish i had more money
SupI'll have over 90k usd by January.
I think you added an extra zero there.
Your shitcoin will crash and burn.
I didn't.
SUB will be worth at least 1USD by the end of January.
I feel sorry for you if you haven't gotten in.
Value is so obvious and has real world value that you have to be retarded to not see the gains coming.
Can this wagecuck meme die already?The message this sends is pretty dangerous
Nice.
how is it dangerous?
It's the American Dream.
Enterprise.Never be content with a shitty wagecuck job.
Work your ass off and make it.
Too many fucking communists these days who think it is perfectly acceptable to be a prole.
I didn't say any of that.
If everyone was a cryptocuck there would be no hospitals no taxis no nothing.Stop calling other people cuck based on their job.Why don't you like KMD?
Fuck off Big Brother we're sick of your shit
You Americans have lost ambition.
A nation brainwashed by Russians.
I feel sorry for you cucks.
That's nice anon!
Just hit 1k as well!
If everyone was a cryptocuck there would be no hospitals no taxis no nothing.I'll bet the crypto population are more employed than the general population.I still have a job.
Most of us here still have jobs.
We are simply trying to exert our will on the environment around us.
Money helps.
Don't worry, there will always be huge population of people willing to to work these jobs under capitalism.
Google "reserve army of labour".
Put in about 12.
5K to start with Haven't really been trading much other than getting into ark at $0.8
Digimarine reporting in
So in other words you bought ETH before it went on its massive bull run?
Nice job, now sell it and move on.
Holding ETH still isn't going to bring in fat gains.
You could have made a ton of money if you would have held BTC through October