I JUST WANT TO TURN 1K INTO 10k WHY DID I CAMP ON /FIT/ SINCE 2013 AND NOT ON /BIZ/ REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
did you at least get fit?
Yes but I rather have 50k or more by now
Know that feeling, was on /b/ and pol for years and never came here, only came here like 3weeks ago.
We missed out dude, instead of shit posting, we could have been shit posting while making thousands for fuck sakes
Look at coinmarketcap chart of earlier this year.
It makes me sick.I can't believe there are people out there that didnt make shitloads of money.
we avoided adverttising biz on purposecant let everybody be rich
/biz/pol/ master race reporting in.
Become a whore, easiest 10k with you fit body.
Don't think about how gay it is, an opportunity shouldn't be wasted.
Get moving it's never to late...
this isn't over.
get in now fit tard
fuck thats a rare pepe...
4532234The people that got extremely wealthy took a risk and profited greatly.
You have missed out on thousands of opportunities that would have made you a multimillionaire and you don't even know about them.You should do your research and figure it out now because the train is FAR from over....
Play around with a hundred for the first weekYou're gonna make plenty of mistakes but you'll learn from them as long as you're not completely retardedBy the second week or thirdweek you should be decent enough to make 50%+ a week.
The best ones I've seen on this board make triple or quadruple a week.
Never to late to become a LINK Marine OP
Came from /sp/ in August>All in on Waves>wtf, this shit isn't moving>My brother shills me VTC at $0.64>Went from 1.7k to nearly 10kIt's a matter of luck too, anon
XMR, ETH, BTC
You would've probably lost your money if you were on /biz/.
Should i get BTC now anon?
I'm starting to FOMO but i keep hearing that a big dip will surely come.
Should i get now or wait?
To be honest im kinda glad i missed the bitcoin early days.
I remember a few people talking about it and i even looked into mining it but was like nar fuck thats pointless, also i was to young and stupid and know that if i had put money on it in the early days i would have just took it out when i needed it to going drinking on the weekend or some bullshit, and if i had done that i would wanna hang myself right now kek
I'm a filthy casual and I did nothing to deserve this.
It's never too late!
We missed out dudeBuy ethereum.
It's headed to interstellar space in 2018.
Man fuck I want monies like this how the fuck.do I do it?
HODL ark?
Funfair is looking cheap, I guess.
It's a long shot though.
I think you meant all in on xmr
Link faggot, $5 by Q3 2018
You aren't going to get rich on btc unless you are already rich.
I think most people keep a portfolio of some of the top 5 coins and eith a few long shots or a portion dedicated to day trading.
I am betting mostly on eth and associated support projects.
Not really a long shot.
Just long to millions.It’s already won - it is the only gaming protocol in the space and its a 400b and growing exponentially market.GG FUNFAIR, buy and cash out 1/2 at 1200 sats and keep the rest and wait for lambo.
Could be worse, I spent the last few years on /pol/
k here.
Will that get me to lambo-land or what?