Sum up the orcacle problem in 10 seconds.
Go.
fuk u bich bastard, oracle is real problem
yes, its very real sir, please buy chainlink, very good coin yes
As a fellow S I P B O Y I implore that you stop talking shit about LINK for your own good.
Oracle problem is a problem
dude, sergey fixed it no problem anymore.Just the binance man keepin us down!
we wuz kingz n shiet

fuck this stupid oracle bitch ass problem
>oracles are a problem.
here's the solution
yeah damn binance bots hurrr durrr
Smart contracts only utilise info from the blockchain.They require trusted sources of information from the outside world to enact contracts based on external occurances.Chainlink connects them
There's no point in using a trustless decentralised smart contract if you have to use a trusted, centralised Oracle to put information into it.
You might as well just use a trusted, centralised contract at that point.
Yep, why use an expensive smart contract at all lol just use a trusted web application.
This pretty much
why have so many nodes for bitcoin?
Just use one central trusted node.You are a brainlet.
This just fucking use a program on a computer or cell phone, why the fuck is a smart contract even required?
Technically you can make a smart contract through a fucking website, send coins there, and then have it do shit too, it doesn't need to be on the blockchain, in fact doing that is retarded and clogs up the system
Huh?
The point of bitcoin is completely trustless transactions.
Smart contracts are not completely trustless when dealing with external data using a centralized oracle.
If you are not going to use a decentralized oracle like LINK, youre better off not using smart contracts at all and just use a traditional webapp.
You fucking brainlet.
Nice picture, now post a recent one.
Im buying more mother bitch.
Daily reminder - decentralized JSON parser
Do you know what trustlessness means, and how it relates to automatic instantaneous contract execution?
boom
That's pretty much what bitcoin is too faggot
You went from bashing smart contracts in general to bashing centralized smart contracts.Guess something got lost in the formatting.
Oracle = jew