Sup /b/I have been working in the illicit marijuana movement for over a decade.
I’ve sold pounds of weed for over four thousand dollars Recently, prices and prices are slowly falling, the market going down.
Obviously you can’t sell pounds in Cali anymore, it’s flooded with weed Question is, which state should I go to to make money like I used to?
Where the place where they pay the most for a single unit?
Need the /biz/ again
Mexico
vegas
How much are we talking?
NY bicycle delivery services.
drug dealing and the black market only accounts for 1% of world trade you will never become a millionaire like some of use here on /biz/ drug dealers are delusional thinking they will ever be successful.
Use your knowledge of business and do something legit and make more money.
Selling weed illicit is not a good plan you sound like a retard.
There is a bigger demand and % of net profit in consumer jewelry.
There is also better profit margins in consumer electronics.
Why not try selling food?
I made my first 500,000 from a ice cream truck business and investing the profits of that.
If you have money for 3-4 pounds of weed to flip you have more than enough to start a ICE cream truck biz.
get a old mail truck a freezer some paint and a electric generator and a radioshack 50 song jingle machine.
The profit margin on reselling ice cream you buy in bulk is 700% stop being a moron.
THERE ARE WAY BETTER WAYS TO MAKE MORE MONEY IDIOT!!!!
I don’t flip, everything is mine.
100% of the profit goes to me.
In a quick harvest, 2months1week5days, i’ve made the same amount you’ve made in a year with an ice cream truck.
just start an ice cream truck business with parts from radio shackboomers, ladies and gentlemen
if you have 500,000 in a year why even sell weed?
You can start investing in businesses and make 100,000 a month now or get real estate.
unless all your money is illegal int hat case stay poor and enjoy prison cuz you are either stupid or lying
 there are more ways to make money> 1% of trade > never will get rich off drugsTell Big Pharma that.
big pharma is not the blackmarket.
those are private and public traded companies
Working with cash only is not as easy as you think.
You spend more money cleaning it than what you’ve made.
Because i can just make more and more harvests.
All i’d do is sit back and wait.
The life of a white rich man.
I do nothing as well and make more money than you do guaranteed and I can actually buy real estate and cars and houses and travel no questions asked because i am not a retarded criminal.
REPORTED ENJOY PRISON FAGGOT
Kentucky my boy.
That's where we send all our mid grade
Are you RETARDED?
Do you understand how many pounds are yielded in a typical grow?
You're cutting down every 2-3 months and restarting.
There is plenty of money in weed.
It's just cut in half on the West Coast is all.
He should move elsewhere.
Pretty sure you're LARPing at this point.
It doesn't cost "more money cleaning it than what you've made" and you also don't just "sit back and wait" between pulling a show down.OP is a faggot.
Fake and gay.
saged.
calls me retarded when he is a criminal and can not even buy real estate or 500 acres of land with a mansion and lambos>tries to cope with his shitty weed selling /biz/ plan /biz/ is not a place for retarded criminals or advice on breaking the law.
the real successful people on this board do real business and trade stocks forex develop crypto and were bitcoin/eth early adopters.
your shitty weed tiny criminal enterprise pales in comparison to those oldfags on this board who bought 10,000+ btc and eth or ripple and have been here since before 2014 you would be wise to lurk more and learn about legit business and laugh at the funny memes.
We are a welcoming community but I have no respect for shitty weed dealers or low tier criminals