THE WALL HAS FALLEN, RIP BCASHhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cIasr2AiyZ0
Slow day
Still holding BCH, got in late at 0.25, but better than having to sell once it hits 1.0I am not worried, the tech is better and they got a great team.
It is truly satoshis vision, read the whitepaper.
BCH bagholders on suicide watch as we speak
They don't have a team.
They didn't update their fork even once, it's just copied and pasted old BTC code with one number changed.
If you're not a shill, please don't believe Roger's lies.
I saw this happening yesterdayPeople panic sell the room buy when it goes up againWe're all waiting for something to happen at this point and literally nothing happensI'm considering just selling and go all in some altcoin because this is soooooo boring
https://github.com/Bitcoin-ABC/bitcoin-abc
Room=fomoAutocorrector ftw
corecuck kys, its going back up now enjoy your shitcoin and shut up
This is a coin agnostic alternative node application which has nothing inherently to do with BCH.
Vers isn't a programmer.
I'm sorry for your losses and I understand all you can do is hodl and hope at this point.
But in the end it was you buying in on an attempt to destroy the wealth of others.
You lost.
But atleast it's over.
Now you have learned a lesson, to not become a pawn for crooks and to believe in takeover propaganda being fed from the top.
You'll get better at this.
FUCK OFF COREFUCKERyou will fucking see who is laughing by tomorrow

Who's wealth has been destroyed?
Everyone got it at 1:1 ratio, some sold because of greed and its their shame, not ours.
lmao this shit has only just begun corecucks.
Your network is about to fucking die again and we know what that means.
FUCK OFF COREFUCKER>you will fucking see who is laughing by tomorrowHe will be.
The pump is over.
I own both so no matter what happens, I'll win.
I'm just telling you honestly.
I pity you.
4350107haha funny, yeah funny at least i supported satoshis vision
let's see how you deal with 5 to 8% in 3 hours lolseriously, I hope it falls down to $20.
Might buy one then tho
satoshis visionJust be honest, you don't give a fuck about Satoshi's vision.
You just want cheap of what you hope will become the new BTC.
If you actually gave a shit about the vision of an efficient worldwide currency run by the users you'd support ditching both BTC and BCH in favor of coins with a fuckton of better tech behind them
it iwll be the new BTC, i told you before to fuck off
>the pump that goes all the way to 7200 Oh boy, I came out of the ETH-shelter just in time for some spicy gains.
Every normie has his day of learning.This is yours.
The tech being just a different blocksize?
And those who bought in after?
Or those who didn't want the fork?
Trying to take over and kill BTC for your own coin you loaded up on isn't destroying the wealth of others?
It's not like they're just taking their coin and using it and being happy with it.
They're in an all out war against BTC to try to destroy it.
Everyone in r/btc/ and shills here on /biz/ is trying to kill BTC so that their coin has some value.
No one who believes in BCH believes it can survive without the bitcoin branding.
You're all in on a coin that's dependent on winning a war now.
What a fucking disasterBCH is an absolute piece of utter shit.
Can't believe I bought even a couple hundred bucks worth of this shit currency