> I was right about NEO (ANS from 1$).
> I was right about WTC.
> I was right about VTC.
> I was right about BCH > I am not wrong now.
Why IoP?
Coming soon:> Bluepaper in 3 days> Roadmap to follow soon> Official marketing campaing> New big exchanges> They already have beta messenger released (it provides better privacy then any out there, basically real what's up 2.0)> Partnership with Libertania> Amazing devs (they will do livestream where they will make what IOTA wants to make in just a couple of hours)> Making separate exchange where coins (same as ICO) could be purchased with IOP> Hydra airdrop (for any IOP on the wallet you have a chance to get airdrop of hydra) and that is just the start> Low circulation (around 2m coins)> Just got out of stealth > low market cap of less then 5m$> Active community, there is always someone on telegram or discord> FFS buy it or cry laterDon't trust me?
> DYOR> Check their price few months ago and the current price, it all happened because of a scammer who stole coins and dumped them all and hijacked the network.
They took all back and have worked on project non stop.
I expect the previous price to be met soon.
ok ill buy it, pls dont be a liar
I am not, welcome to the lamboland
How long to hold?
1 week?
2 3?
Depends, if you want fast money you can sell in 3 days if you want real money 6 months (talking about 50-100x or even higher.
Just look at their market cap and where they were before the scam...)> Already mooning
It was 29k when I told you, now 33k keep waiting anon...
Can't mine without a "license".
You realize the scammers are running IOP now right?
why do i need to buy coins for that ?
chapters mine, you apply, you work and get rewarded instead of just someone jerking off whole day and mining
and anyone can become chapter, but license goes to those that apply themselves and work for the better of the community, it is community driven concept after all and I find it better then standard mining.It will be a blockchain where IOP will be used, whole network of decentralised servers.
Basically bitcoin revolutionized monetary system they want to do the sam... just with whole economy as well as communication
Intersting concept, boguht some.
ut what is the token for?
Am I getting dumped on here?
This anon needs a support team here someone please respond
I think they are too busy trying to dump it
No, relax it has just begunAngel investors paid each coin 12$, nobody sane will dump it now that they came out of stealh, only anon happy with 10% instead of 10xHe can go to telegram and ask there
Does anyone here have a telegram link?
iop.global website, find it there anon
How much longer do you figure I have to get in, OP?
Can't get in before tomorrow.
No worries, you can still buy at 10$
Wait untill it reaches 1 SAT tomorrow (continuing current course).
I bought at 34106, literally at the outermost whisker and i want to kill myself right now.
How much BTC worth?
The only reason I wasn't able to get in yet is because I'm waiting for BTC to xfer from Binance to Bittrex which I guess was actually a good thing haha
sell now, cover your loses KEKYou don't deserve to be making money, just take your 5% profit in a few hours from now and GTFO, under your mothers is pretty safe place from boys like you.003 btc> BTC just surged, you have a nice timing
Dont transfer bitcoin dude.
Only ethereum or ltc
Yeah I dun goofed, cya in 25 years when btc shows up.I meannnnn that's only about $25 my dude lol
If you were a tech geek like me you would love this type of project, I mean even if not it is something that can be used mainstream where even big companies like Uber will benefit, literally no limitations on how many apps and firms can make business on top paired with p2p communication, perfect privacy, no censorships, no one can deny you access.
Literally the way internet was intended to be and so many middlemans to tak and get profits for cutting them and their expensive services out of equation.
This should be worth a couple of billions, not 4-5m$ > Chill take something to drink and celebrate, soon lambo
I dont understand what you are saying?
You are saying cover your losses, then you say take 5% profit wtf are you talking about?
I love the Idea of this project, it's just that i fell for this now obvious P&D organized by the thread-creators.
Shit happens now chill and shut the fuck up.
He was crying about the price going down, I told him to take 5% and miss possible 10x as the project is great and he can't see the forest for the trees and is crying like a little baby for losing 10$ because btc surged
Well nothing matters now anyway since daddy woke up and will rape all his children.
The freshly minted 50million Tether are waiting to be spend :)
Not if I say that IOP is the real BTC ;)
I've actually been working in tech my entire non-college life haha, I've just never heard of this at all (not even the history of what went wrong but I can clearly see some shit went down on the historical price chart lol).
Ill definitely look into it more.
The coin is IOP?
Sorry for the stupid question but the figures written here don't match?
present price is Ƀ 0.0002908 and 2.39 USD correct?
This coin is the internet of people coin?
we are going to the moon
yeah, that is correct.
highly volatile market it changes fast.
You might want to see how btc behaves, it just make all coins dump including IOPThe leader stole the coins, dumped them, didn't pay developers etc.
So the iop developers made a split(it was fermat then).
It is messy, I took over a week before buying with nice chunk of money.
Talking with devs reassured me, they are active on discord
Nice try Pajeet, Im not buying your bags.
Thanks mate!!
You think its a good buy?
Price is dropping now on bittrex.
Good time to buy?
Good cause I am not selling.
Watch btc, if it stops surging yeah, I mean you could wait and if it hits 29k buy then or lower if it dips more.
BTC just smashed it down.
Honestly I love this coin, ask anyone on telegram for specifiics, team is great, literally always a team member is online 24/7.
Devs on discord.I feel better now then I did when I bought ANS (NEO) for 2$
Thanks mate!!
Screencapped
Double dubs + tripsMoon confirmed
nd wave incoming
Like actually incoming or "dubs trips meme" incoming
Actually, BTC seems to be losing gas.
Keep an eye on it
Libertania whitepaper going out tonight.
IoP and Libertania are partners, basically one affects the other, I would be looking out for that one too and read that whitepaper as well.
Thanks for bringing this to our attention.
Going to give it a couple of hours in case BTC starts charging again.
I dont see anything special about this one.
there are 15+ others that have the same idea.
shiller gonna shill.
You are mixing things and those that try to do similar things are having way higher market cap and will need ages to come where iop is now not to mention how soon there will be a viable, working IOP blockchain