Fuck off, David.
EditionRobinhood is a commission free stock trading app on iOS/Android--Robinhood FAQs --- VISIT THE WEBSITE FIRST DAMMIT!!
- www.robinhood.com> How is it free?Robinhood earns revenue by collecting interest on the cash and securities in Robinhood accounts, much like a bank collects interest on cash deposits and by collecting fees from robinhood gold.> It's been X days, why isn't my account verified yet?Not being approved in 3 days seems to be the new norm.
Nevertheless, call/email their support if you've been waiting more than that.> When is it coming to my country?The only "plans" are on an Australian and Chinese beta.
Neither of which has gained much traction.> I hit sell when the stock was X.XX, but it actually sold at a lower price, why?Robinhood graphs are shit and only show you an average, not true real-time prices.
To get Bid/Ask prices and important things like candlestick graphs, you should use a more robust platform.> Where can I get better charting or bid/ask?Real brokers, like TDAmeritrade's thinkorswim.
Otherwise you should be using tradingview.com, stockcharts.com, finviz.com, or a non-pile-of-shit for your graphing in addition to Robinhood.-- Links --Premarket Movers:http://www.nasdaq.com/extended-trading/premarket-mostactive.aspxEarnings Report Calendar:https://biz.yahoo.com/research/earncal/today.htmlBiopharma Catalyst Calendar:https://biopharmcatalyst.com/Pump and Dump Advertising:https://stocktwits.comS&P 500 VIX Futures (For XIV/UVXY, higher is better for UVXY, lower is better for XIV)https://www.investing.com/indices/us-spx-vix-futures...Anonymous (ID: etBqbQH3)
>DavidThe man.
The myth.
The legend.
He's gained 10s of dollars in free stocks.
A true American hero.
AKS made some moves premarket today.
NXTD Should I dump this trash?
Bought in around 1.90.
looking at getting TRXC today thoughts?
i'm a little skeptical of TRXC, they don't have enough money to pay off their debts according to their balance sheets; so they are going to have to do something to raise more money i'm worried they might issue more stock and drive the price down.
>tfw woke up with bloodshot, irritated eyes>tfw drove to work on moped through the clear autumn air>it did nothing to help eyes>at work now with painful, red eyeshelp /rgt/
It's a sign the rest of you is going to match soon.
$HMC $JNJ
Keep screen brightness downeye drops
TRXC is a shit company with a bad reputation.
Not a good choice to invest in.
If you’re looking for volatile memes, I guess get into it, but it could go either way in he short term, and long it’s going to crash to $0
Yeah man, I just get the stock to hold on to for a week at max, longest I've held TRXC was 2 days only to hold through earnings report.
>woke up today feeling too depressed to drive to class>(((attendance score)))>try to email professor saying I won't be coming, email listed is not in directory>give up>maybe today will be a good day for stocks>start threadGood morning /rgt/
What stocks we playing for a Day Trade?What's mooning?
Good morning.
Tempted to get on UVXY at this low low price before Break.
XXII
PTN poppin
$HMNY
>RIOTJesusI need a meme like this that’s guaranteed to go up, no downies
might buy if it hits a nice low, its headed towards it now
fug i wasn't paying attention and my sell order on XIV got triggered at openfriendship ended with XIV now UVXY is my best friend
Bought PTN shares at .92 and TOPS at .53, Hope I make it today.
what gains do you have so far /rgt/.33% for today already sold my shit
AMRS moon mission when?
Is RIOT a meme like that Veritone stock that went all the way to 75 from $a few months back.
Lol bought it yesterday and held into today, glad I did
What bags should I pick up to hold over the holiday lads?
I sold my 2.57 bag at 2.08, REEEEEEE!!!!!!
4484966thanks anons they didn't have any eyedrops but I took a zyrtec and feel marginally better
Should I go in on DRYS for earnings?I feel like this could go either way, and memes lately have been doing well in earnings
Just hodl
the feeling of selling RIOT at 7.05 during the bitcoincash FUD.
and memes lately have been doing well in earningsNice meme.
$66 in cash right now on Robinhood, holding some ford stock atm.
WHAT TO COP?
Amrs dipped right now, potential moon mission in the future.
how long should i hold amrs for boyoz?
im new to trading and seeing red scares me
Wait for the lowest point before selling.
OCLR
as long as it takes for you to realize you've been duped
and then i'll buy when it skyrocketsit's so crazy it just might work
>RIOTFormer Veterinarian diagnostics device maker becomes "blockchain tech" company.
They recently bought 1000s of coin mining equipment.
Patrician level meme stocks right above mineless mining companies.
INPX
Nak management said this morning This turkey is gonna fly!
what did he mean by that bros?
he's excited for thanksgiving
I bought 300 shares yesterday.
I'm a newfag without a lot of buying power so that was a lot for me.
Virtually the only stock with extensive DD discussed on this board in months>You've been dupedIf you haven't bought yet you're an idiot.
MRAM going to the moon
JCP GO THE FUCK ABOVE 3.25 GODDAMN
Thanks I just bought high.Hoping to sell it low now
Marvin sold off @ 3.29. no confidence.
Buy FNKO
EKSO is unstoppable, when will it come back from the moon m80s
Bought XXII finallyWhy?
now is not a good time for that
That tranny has a pretty nice tit job.
Watson is green again
4485827WRONGGoing back to IPO price soon.
$12+.
Big discount, this is your Wall Street Black Friday deal.
ktos is so good goddamn
>tfw own one funko pop >my ex gave it to me, it was pop of my favorite superhero>I still have the pop but I don't have her
Buy FNKO then use that money to buy an escort.Problem solved
maybe in a grand scheme but if you buy today you're buying at a high, at least wait until it dips this week
Invest in FNKO>Make gains over the holiday season>Hire an escort that looks like ex and bang in the new yr>Thnk you vinyl beanie babies 2.0
When do i get in on funko?
BUY LOW, SELL HIGHeveryone will meme you the other way, best investor advice there is m8
Anyone else have semiconductor stocks, I have 4, these little fuckers keep mooning....
 shares of XXII at 2.31 / Total return: +0.24 (+2.60%) shares of AMRS at 3.68 / Todays return: -0.12 (-0.82%) shares of MDCA at 10.94 / Today's return: +0.925 (+1.69%) shares of MARA at 1.54 / Today's return: -3.36 (-13.64%)
HIMX, CY, ON, and XGTIMDCA ;) I see you took my recommendation anon
You mean I've been doing it wrong this whole time?
thats why im going all in BGFV tbqh

4486060topkekI'm beginning to like this board more than /pol/
It's a MUCH better board tbqh.
MDCA ;) I see you took my recommendation anonYes, that one is going well.
Will keep you informed.
I hope MARA goes up.
It's killing my meme profits.
Keep my posted if you sell and I will likewise.
Yep, everyone isn't as pretentious, it's like a grown up /b/ imho
any pennies that are likely to go up later this week?
No, the whole market's going to crash after the tax reform bill doesn't get passed because of the Obamacare stuff they're trying to sneak in with it.
Pennies don't really follow the general market though?
You guys are fucking idiots.
That's next week, though, right?
They meet after Thanksgiving?
They do if we enter a depression.I dunno, just memeing.
At least I'm not down 15%
what?
wouldnt the bill not passing just leave things the way they are?
wouldnt the bill passing actually fuck over the market because the average investor will be less willing to put money in?
Don't ask questions like that.
There is a record high of equity sitting on the side lines, I feel if it passed more people would invest sending the market higher.
If it doesn't pass I think the financial sector will be affected the most because the big banks are betting on deregulation.
Should be interesting to see what happens, but this is just my outlook.
implyingbought in at 0.22 you stupid faggot
not an argument
You still loss 15% of gains, fag.I didn't say it was.
You selling everything before the vote?
That's not what you initially said you nog
It doesn't matter whether it's cutting into your gains or your principal.
You're still down 15% either way.
Tfw entered limit for BAC at 27.70 instead of 26.70
What are you in AMD at?
yes and no, the market may dip a bit but I don't think it will "crash" per say, I will sell my high volatile low cap stocks but not my long, large cap stocks.The longs will take a hit but it'll come back, everyone needs to remember that under trump we've had 3-4% growth and unemployment is at an all time low, so the economy is humming at the moment, just depends on the moderate republicans and the fucking liberals with the tax reform.
I'm optimistic about it getting passed but it will be modified by the senate for sure.
Just my thoughts, I'm sure someone will argue my view but whatever m8
$12.24 :( Back in August before the big drop.
It's making a slow recovery so it'll have to be a long haul for that one.
Which one lads?
What led you to do this?
Yeah I've been constantly bagholding, I'm just going to go long for the dividend.
BAC is constantly getting a buy rating but it's been under performing imo BUT it looks good compared to the rest of the sector
It’s extremely undervalued in the sector.
Skip.
Left
Fuck off Davidhttp://share.robinhood.com/davida282
Naw, I'm still up almost 50% on my initial investment.
Let's see you pull 50% returns Einstein.
Ahh!
They had been trending toward $14.
Dip in August so I bought.
But then after the earnings report it just tanked, even though they were ahead of estimates.
They just were dumb about crypto and Nvidia is kicking their ass so down they went.
was waiting for a bigger AMRS dip, but support actually looks pretty strong.putting in a 3.5k buy at 3.61 limit

I'm sure as shit not going to hold a penny stock for two months.
Have fun losing it all soon enough.Don't forget about that whole jew thing.
ford
RAD
apple
DRYS
TSLA bro
the sales forecast on AMRS looks pretty good.
saw some one posted on stocktwits not sure how credible that is.
How do I get a Robin's Reward?
ask david
Drops and does a reverse split right after you receive it
By spamming your referral link in the OP like a faggot.
Wow!
I am now a proud shareholder of Chesapeake Energy Corporation.
With negative $17,603,000 of retained earnings and a book value of negative $1,460,000, we are true warriors.
May our hands be strong and our debtors forgiving.
4486971Fukushima, it hit 3.615 then jumped to 3.65, still waiting.and hell yeah, the 2 multi-million dollar deals should reflect this quarter, and the ER said theyre working on multiple other deals
https://robinhoodcamp.com/recruit-a-friend-win-rewards/oh so this?
you get a free pillow
solid gains so far
Good luck friendo.
What are your investing goals?
getting rich and fucking bitchesWhy isn't this a selectable option when filling out their question thing?
>MRAM can’t break $9.20Fucking whale has a huge sell order.
Tell him to cancel it REEEEEEE
more gains than what I got today

Check your syllabus for the email.
I really think RAD is about to spike here soon guys....
what do you mean by "soon" you little bitch.
Today?
Tomorrow?
Next week?
I'm calling it at $1.75/share
like today and tomorrow, its picking up steam and alot of good buy orders going through at 1.67 one trade of 25,000 slaped the ask
We need to talk about MARA
I still have the pop but I don't have herSadness
the ask is getting smaller and smaller i bought 1000 shares at 1.65 thats $100 more that i could be making instead of waiting
>The Indiceswhere are the green wojacks?
Its because in this board we all have solid goal.TO GET FUCKING RICH.
I WANT MY LAMBO ANONI don't see any potential here
RAD is going for it, once it breaks 1.69 it'll move to $2 fairly quick
Me neither.
Good talk.
It will dip end of the week then it will spike again, it's been doing it every 13-15 days, if it doesn't dip, I would buy on the flat
>BRZU +5.75% >EWZ +1.94%>EEM +1.72%Anyone else making money off Brazil's uptick?
4487180I took sizeable position.
better not be meme'n me boy
Yeah man, I need to move money for some crypto, this board is on point for that shit I've noticed *autistic screeching*
are you even looking at the level 2?its going
fuck me, it is.
I'm not buying it so it'll probably go up.
just has to break the 1.69
I'd like to become an activist investor of a fortune 500 company, oust an CEO and install my own crony.
Failing that, I'd like to retire early.
i hope i don't meme myself tbqhorder flow looks bullish af though
That gives me some positive assurance
Yeah it reversed on pattern, I can't believe I missed it, I've been shilling this shit too.
im in at 1.65 planning to sell at 2.03 i think it'll happen pretty fast once it gets moving into the 1.70s
I will be monitoring your progress m8, she may come back down by EOD.
There's new news around them, shes on a "black friday" sale lol
Looking good specially BRZU, pic of last 5 days.
I need to get on this shit 24% gain in 5 days.
what was the first stock you bought, how much did you make off it?>FOSL>$-.56
I was going to get in on RAD, but I'm glad I was waiting for it tog get closer.
The bids are starting to catch up with the asks and it's already up 7% today.
Doesn't look good.
Damn, why didn't I buy CRAY last week at 18.1 like anon told me to?
It's almost like he knew what he was talking about.
MACD and RSI building up momo on the daily and big buy orders have been going through all morning...the market cap is 1.61B... give it some time to turn around..
Welcome to /biz/
Yeah I'd wait, I think it'll come back down, plus the float is extremely close to shares outstanding, and the volume is low.
We'll see m80s, good luck to those who are in.
Anyone playing weed stocks?Canada is supposed to have an announcement or some shirt about regulations:https://www.canada.ca/en/health-canada/news/2017/11/cannabis_regulatoryconsultation.html
Canopy and Aphria will moon in the spring
>MRAM finally broke 9.20Lambo land here I come
MYDX
I don't know a damn thing about stocks and trading.
This all seems like gambling.
So is this a good place to start?
CMON RADGET MOVING YOU LITTLE BITCH
http://share.robinhood.com/bryane108Use this and we both get a free stock, you've got nothing to lose except what you put in
try these videos https://www.khanacademy.org/economics-finance-domain/core-finance/stock-and-bondsand you can always look up things on investopedia if you don't know the terminology
Yeah it's 3x weighed.
I've been jumping on and off BRZU and holding on EWZ which is more stable.
I've got some meme stocks for fun, but, for the most part been moving to ETFs and such.
Brazils market seems to be turning a corner, so really been focusing on that.
Watch out though, I'm a huge novice and I imagine this shit can spiral really fast.
But, look at the 5 year.
Looks like it's on an upward motion out of a bad recession.
My concern is I don't have a good place for researching Brazilian markets.
It's kinda hard to find media on it.
you've got nothing to lose except what you put inFuck off, David.
FUCKING DAViD
How do you guys keep up to date with company offerings and news?
Don't be an idiot with margin I guess is the lesson
we dont
idk who I can't stand more, Pajeet or David
The best advice I can give you is sign up for robinhood, put money you can afford to lose 100% of in there, then play around.
Read articles, watch multiple stocks, just try to learn from your mistakes before trying to invest any real money
QBAK resetting?
One anon said buy back in the 6's
setting up for end of day run imo
How do you have a negative balance?
You can’t short in robinhood can you?
No, but you can use margin.
Throw in what you make in one hour every week then fuck around until you find something that works for you
It IS gambling, and don't let anyone tell you it isn't.
Short term ups and downs of the market basically run on psychology.
H-has RAD stopped?
Did Pajeet fuck things up again?
What do I do with MDCA?
At this point, it's just as likely to go down as it is to go up.
It'll probably sit where it is for quite some time before moving either way, though.
I find trading to be like gambling with a marked deck.
what do you mean?
buy it, it's a long stock
agreed there is luck involved but if you know what to look for, you can do well
SQ and OSTK making GAINZZZZ
Guys, AMRS is actually holding well despite shorts.Looks like longs aren't selling.This will probably go over the 3.75 resistance today.Good time to buy.And if I'm wrong, they are expecting a PR announcement on the 27m deal in the next week which will force it over anyways.
Agreed, its hanging around 3.70 good sign for technicals
RAD
It's making me nervous, but I'm in it for the long hodl
Canopyknow any in the US stock exchange?
weed stocks got potential.
Someone just sold 2.3 million shares, lol.
serious answer?
find nice reliable low volatility stocks whose 1 year looks like its mostly going up.
Invest on a cycle, buy them when they are slightly lower than normal then sell them when they hit their momentary peaks or even just when they arent as low as when you bought.
Do this every other day with a bunch of them and you will get a steady solid stream of returnsmeme answer?
go all in on funko and amrs and sell when they hit the moon.serious answer is barely a gamble at all.
The only thing you have to worry about is if the stock market literally crashes in that scenario.
Meme answer is like taking your life saving to a poker table and going all in on a straight against another guy who is also going all in.
Sure it seems pretty good but that other guy could have a flush.
He might not tho
No, they're "illegal" but you can buy OTC stocks, the only risk I've found is if you want to sell you could have a hard time finding a buyer, but I have had great luck and returns with them.
TWMJF and APHQF, they bounce and trend the same way.
A few weeks back I bought at 12 and sold at 16 in USD.
The conversation forums are full of Canadian cucks so they talk in Canadian dollars
doughlers
topkek, yeah basically eyy
>bagholding NVAX is finally paying off
Anyone have thoughts on NUE?Seems like a good swing trade stock.
also, XXII has work in weed, I thought that was interesting, I bought some earlier today because of the shills on here
Take 90% of your money slated for investment and throw in into an index fund, bet on memes with the remaining 10%
swing trade?
Look at QBAK and get back to me, also I like DNR for swing trading, that damn thing is based almost entirely on the movement of crude oil prices
thanks anon, weed shit is getting legal in Canada.
definitely would love to add this on the watchlist.
I'm ready for black monday.
Does anyone know exactly when the tax reform is going to happen?
You guys know that they're rasing the capital gains tax on stocks.
That plus them trying to slip in the obama care repeal is going to be bloody.
You can buy them directly too.
Like IB just gives you a margin loan in CAD for the stock.I just bought some WEED.It could pop if this news is good at 3:15.
Need a decent strong stock that's less than $1 what do you got boys?
good call!
No, I dont invest in industries I consider immoral.
No problem man, we're here to make money, look at my meme, the change % was a lot higher as couple weeks ago, they had a pull back due to over buying, there's one guy on the canopy forum on yahoo that knows his shit and has been holding for years.
I did not know that, I tried back when I did trade it OTC.
I'll consider it for next time.
Thanks.
Was just curious.
Who would buy NUE then?
Seems like it doesn't have a firm direction, but it is stable.
Which index fund do you recommended?
Where can I find a list?
I don't know much about it, I don't think that it's a good swing trade stock, don't take advice from anyone on here with out researching it first, mine especially, I've only been trading for 6 months but I have a lot of advice because of my dad who's an OG trader.
Also, I hope you guys like my dank meme's lmaooo
DXRyou’ll double your money in 3-5 months.Don’t say I never did anything nice for you folks.
Don’t day I never did anything nice for you folksThe last person who told me that on /biz/ I ended up losing a bunch of money
What are the odds of Gamestop doing well on earnings?I'm thinking of shorting it
GBTC ALL THE WAY LADS50% gains so far!
Suit yourself.
how do I get microsoft dividends
by buying microsoft stocks
Just checked it out.
Lots of insider buying.
What do ypu know anon?
Looks promising!
3-5 months
Vanguard is very popular index fund manager.
You can take this quiz to help.
https://personal.vanguard.com/us/FundsInvQuestionnaireIf you want to do zero research whatsoever, VOO is an ok choice.
It follows the S&P500.
I still think RAD is going to dip later this week before it's spike.
What do ypu know anon?n-nothing.
I've got my eye on you, kid.
its some penny faggot trying to pump his bagsdon't believe his lies
what is being reported at 3:15?
Just shorted Pepsi
Canada is announcing some regulationshttps://www.canada.ca/en/health-canada/news/2017/11/cannabis_regulatoryconsultation.html
Anyone know any good dividend stocks with low volatility?
This is true 90% of the time, but there has been documented insiders here.
RDS-A
IM RUINED
Some will laugh, but also Ford
F
You gambling and holding through the announcement?
yeahwhats the worse that could happen besides them saying weed is illegal forever and the stock going to zero?
:)
all shareholders owners will be summarily executed for lawbreaking and financial crimes of the highest order
Lets hope they get full legalization, then the US will follow suit later on I believe.
Any idea on holding ELTK through 1-for-5 reverse split?
Reverse effective tomorrow.
Float will be 880k shares.
I'm hoping for a DCIX-like rocket, but thinking I'd get fucked.
An anon posted a while back about the fundamentals of a reverse split, but historically the share price does not bode well against a reverse split.
Just my thoughts.
Sell or hold?
bought the shooting dip.
reverse splits ideally should not affect market cap, but it almost always lowers investor confidence.
no one would ever advise purchasing based on a reverse split
Dude who also got some ptn, I would hop off and take your profits if i were you.
I'm out of daytrades so I'm riding it for the night.
Looks like it wants to break past a dollar.
paying commisions
Maybe, but I don't think it's gonna happen today; they already had a pretty large rally so far.
I know these feels
yeah, maybe one day ill have the balls to use a phone app that doesnt have desktop integration
EKSO had a crazy rally today, too late to get in it I think though.
This, kek.
I only use Robinhood for entertainment.
Not real money.
apparently theyre beta-testing a desktop software now, we'll see.
it's a groundbreaking idea to be sure.
however, ill keep my ira in vanguard regardless of what robinhood does, willing to transfer my trading account
Fuck it, I’ll give it a chance
getting major fomo from Square, had calls on them last week and sold for 200% profit, regret doing that now that they're up even more, figured with how much they had gone up they would have a slight pullback but holy shit.
Opening calls now seems risky as shit when they're up almost 5% today, but who knows maybe this thing can rally even more.
be you 3 months from now>I hate that anon that wrecked my portfolio>be down 2,000%>I'll never take advice from /biz/ again >never invest again>buy high, sell low was it worth it?
lel
He doesn't have access to the desktop version of robinhoodI'm so sorry anon.
buy highThe stock is low
Someone is salty!
nahthe same shit happens almost every time someone tries to shill some random penny here
Buy low Sell lower
It’s $4 though?
Am I really screwing myself here?
h-how are you down 2,001%?
should I short gamestop or baozun?
So, what should I buy?I'm thinking I'll splurge and get a lolly at the bus terminal today.
it's sarcasm dude lel
Who here /all in/ on WEED?
I hope /rgt/ stays alive the next two days even though they aren't trading days so we can discuss stocks ;_;
DUDE
I'll be here m80 with dank memes
If CMG goes down and bounces off of 270, it will be time to turn the money printing machine back on.
Is the market closed tomorrow also?
Or just Thursday Friday?
its closed thursday, open on friday but closes at 1
Thanks
Guess the stock.
Am I the only one who feels dead when the markets are closed?
I live for this shit now.
DXR lmaoooooo
finger is on the trigger ready to buy.
You are becoming one with the heebforce.
Should I be setting up stop-losses over the weekend for when the tax plan info comes in?
Sometimes I wish we had 24/7 markets but then I have a day of huge losses and I only the closing bell can restart my heart.
Fuck that, man.
I subscribe to Gold for extended hours but worrying about this shit 24/7 wouldn't be good for anyone's health.
yes.
Just put mine in actually
I just shorted gamestop.
How fucked am I?
GUYS AMRS IS AT 3.74GET THE FUCK IN BEFORE 3.75
Past 3 earnings they dropped significantly even while meeting/beating the expected eps.
Though, it does look like they're due for a spike based on the graph pattern.
So it's kind of a coin toss.
You SHOULD be good.
Everyone just buys games on the internet now.
Never underestamate the power of autism though.
dangerous.
book value 22, christmas sales are coming
weed is legal already in Canada isn't it?
Just drafting the legislation is the main issue.
Yeah but who wants to go to gamestop anymore?
You have Amazon for physical stuff and more and more people are going digital.
gamestop is the new blockbuster.
I still do but I'm old.
nearly 10% dividend yield holy fuck this might be a buy.
if management can come up with a pivot out of retail they might be a great long term hold
oh man doesn't seem like the canada news was a big dealat least WEED didn't crash or drop hard
just YOLO bought 10 shares for the memes, lets see
How would they do that?
Steam/console manufacturers don't need them and their rental program idea didnt really light the world on fire
Up almost 7% on DXR already :DThanks to the anon who posted it
I’m into DRYS for the earnings meme.Wish me luck
Why nobody shill for VMIN ever?
pretty sure weed is legal in canada they just don't have the legislations and regulations around how it operates.
not sure what the big deal of it is?
drys>making a profitpick onewhat's the appeal of it over XIV?
Generally higher profit, haven’t checked the expense ratio of XIV tho
RIP Game stop shorter anon.
wew.
destroyed.
how do you do an after hours trade in IB?
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh i gotta close my gme short
RIPI just wanted to get rich quick
Hey guys,heres a link to Xaviers school.stocks, investing, crypto, education.All free.https://discord.gg/rz3vS5
OH BABY
Umm...
GAMESTOP MY BOY YOU HAVE DONE WELL
4490790You motherfuckers.If my funds weren't settling right now...
He unironically bought DRYS earnings
4490723I-I only lost $160 but still damn...my first short ever and I got rekt
that's going to be opening -60%
Damn, all this shorting talk and I didn't even think to short drys.
doubt you're broker would be able to find you any shares to short anyways,
drys is dangerous as fuckpapa georgie and the gang could pump and dump wheneverremember tops/DCIX a few weeks ago?
This is why I don’t set stop losses tight anymore...
thanks for the tip anon
Shit thanks
>shorts closed their positions at the peak>longs didn't sell when they could have made a good profit, probably going to crash all the way back down and end up losing moneyNo one wins with Gamestop.
I'm glad I didn't touch that shit.
should I play bzun earnings?
they dipped and they announce at 8pm
AAAAAAAAAAAAAA
So when do you guys think the AMRS meme will take off?
it was supposed to take off 2 years ago m8
I wasn't doing this back then but I can see the five year history.
What happened?
Did that pimplefrog guy ever come back.
Was it actually a pump and dump.
just bought $2000 of BZUNpls don't hurt me like my gamestop short
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH GAMESTOP IS ALMOST WHERE IT WAS WHEN I SHORTED IT WHY DID I COVER
management gave overly optimistic predictions on production, then realized the tech is more complicated than they thought now they're sitting on some half built factories and underwhelming production
WHY DIDNT I TAKE PROFITS FUCK THIS STUPID COMPANY AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
4491456Haha not even close dude.They changed course 2 years ago.The guys who got in then were smart but way too early.Look up the projected revenues now as well as the recent dealsBut to answer the first questionWhen will it moonWho knows, but it is looking inevitable.