Why are people so against phasing out the wasteful and Chinese centralized shit that is Proof of Work?Why can't we move towards better alternatives?
Because they're making money off PoW?
Soon OP...
Soon.
Literally once Crypto truly goes mainstream Bitcoin will get BTFO.
Why , you ask?
Simple.
Just like the Green Revolution that struck the Auto, Agricultural, and Electrical Industries---- Mainstream will see the undeniable FACTS that BTC is destroying the environment and that it is USELESS.
Unless it moves away from PoW it will be seen as the enemy.>but muuhhh satoshisfuck you and fuck Satoshi- time to grow up and get on with PoS.
Because proof of work requires you to use something REALLLLLLLLLLLL like electricity!
Money isn't real so proof of stake can never work
POW isn't even that wasteful, the majority of mining is in China because they have a large number of independent hydro power stations.They use the excess electricity to mine.
prefers massive facility to fuel mining operationsBTFO when everyone realizes you can mine with a regular laptop.
Monero is decentralized.
Implying that /biz/ understands anything beyond "mooning"
yeahI just hook my surface pro up to nicehash and get rich its so easy
you could stake on a surface pro it's that easy
That's the one reason I'm really looking into Chia and its Proof of Time and Space
You have way too much faith in people here thinking any deeper than the next pump and dumpMost people probably don't even know what proof of work is
Yeah I suppose I shouldn't really expect /biz/ to have any meaningful in-depth discussions about anything.
It's mostly just poor people looking to make quick money
How much energy does the modern financial system use?
Every bank branch, every server, every hard drive, every ATM running 24/7?
Or gold mining?
I don't believe Bitcoin is any more wasteful.
I'd imagine the payment processors at the banks are exactly as powerful as they need to be to perform their specific tasks.
With BTC mining you're running shit way more powerful and energy hungry than a system would need to be to validate transactions
so on top of all that bullshit PLUS BTC mining?
Man you are fucking Retarded!
So just because all these shit-head dinosaurs use old and out-dated tech we should too?
You see- BTC fanatics are THE problem.
Your shitty coin still uses old tech and would rather continue utilizing the FILTH to keep chugging along.The future is soon to disagree with that shitcoin you call BTC.
Screencap this or whatever the fuck---
It’s the opposite ,Bitcoin is the most efficient by far.
PoW is supereffective as it forces someone attempting to subvert the chain to spend % actual money in doing so.
If you’re going to do that, why not NOT subvert the chain and mine for free, then get rewarded with block and transaction fees?
So does PoS, you'd need to buy a *lot* of coins to subvert the system and...
Isn't the whole point that this is actual money.
because all the miners are chinese, kek youve already been chinked and dont even know it