Post your Ark stack ITT.You guys looking forward to $100 next year?
Tried to screenshot my balance and realised ARK wallet has screenshot protection.
I guess to save from RAT's shit getting your passphrase.. thats pretty cool desu.But I have 9086 ark and comfy as fuck knowing that the 2.5 ark i generate everyday will be worth at least 3 digits by next year
t h e
2.7k arklet hereJelly as fuck right now, but also not willing to sell any of my stack to buy lower.>bleeding since 120k
you can disable screenshot protectionclick "application"
I've only got 100 ARK, and I dont even know why I bought it.
Why would it go to $100 next year?
There are many more reasons than this, but this is a decent general overview.
Well, they'll be a legitimate business entity and have a mobile wallet fairly soon.
Probably either this week or the next.
I have an ark question...If i vote for a delegate and get for example, 1 ark every day and then add more ARK to my wallet, does my share of the delegate increase or does it stay the same from my balance of ARK at the time of voting?
It automatically increases
Neat
Source?Will buy more
Measly 3300.
That's just short of one ARK a day.30% of my portfolio though.Hope to see 30$ before the crypto bubble pops.
i bought in most of my stack at this rate
he thinks crypto is a bubble
ark.io/roadmap
only 160 ark.
Don't have more money unfortunately
crypto>bubbleEverything is in a bubble fampai.
The stock market, the housing market, life itself.
It's all a bubble.But you'll see $300/coin within a few years.
you must be a lucky man..at least i hope so
12k ark picked up at 80k sats.
patience!!!
oh not bitcoin rose in value so my alts lose sat who fucking cares everyone cashes out in USD and in USD value ark is doing fine
inb4 HURR DURR U COULD HAVE JUST HOLD BITCOIN THENno fuck i despise everything with bitcoin in its namebitcoin died in august 1st
Are you saying it's not?Was the dotcom bubble not a bubble, just because we still use the internet?
/Biz/ if you send me at-least 1 Ark Ill heavily consider shorting KORE for ARKATcutmywJgZsU489waUZVRnyXKK6oA9PKw