Fucking pajeets need to stop shitting up BitcoinTalk.
I'm getting sick of seeing all these newbie accounts popping up lately with nothing of substance to say.
Btfo already .
Go to any crypto related social media and youll see how badly they shit all over the place.
Better yet, look at the reviews for coss on FB.
The pajeets there are absolutely god awful
The grammer and sentence structure gives it away.
It gets really annoying.
This is why I hate Bitcointalk, these pajeet posts make up for almost 50% of every goddamn ANN thread.
>reserved for pajeetonesian translation bounty
for the love of god don't tell them about /biz/
 They are even in the development forums, I've even been dealing with them on the ethereum glitter,
remove shitskin pajeets from crypto they ruin all aspects of every industry
but please can you tell me where to sign up bounty is?
Yes sirs I like this coin make price go up sirs
hmm bby espers on yobit maek fuk baby ohh
When will be on exchange?
air drop bounty when
any bounty dev?
Please tell me what do you predict to be price 2018 before, I think it can do and increase price much well
Holy fuck keep these pajeet posts coming.
my friend you do not understand value in this project, it will rise in price if can get on good exchange, you will see
Yeah, GRAMMER's the issue.
Yes but there's a mod called LAUDA who admitted to hate Indian posters and randomly give them a negative trust rating or adds them to the SMAS list https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=2108952.0;topicseen
How to mining here?
Sir, my name is pisspal, close relative of poojeet.
Pls, sir, if you give just a moment am going to explain why you should purchase this coin

Its sad how accurate this and the other pajeet sayings are to real life.
try working a job in ITplz update provide, do the needfulkind regards
lol, /biz/ is also pajeet central.
Sirs, have not heard update from coin developer in ~3 hours since they last post, i hope is not scam, do the truthful and answer same question again.
Cryptopia its pajeet territory
ID color is brown
/biz/ will become PAJETISTAN.
It's inevitabel.
There are way more pajeets than there are neets.
Every day more and more pajeets accumulate computers, while every neet already has one.
its an exponential growth curve.
I am so sorry neets, you will be outnumbered.
yours sincerely,Pajeet
pajeet and guupda's only dream is to scam enough rupies to escape their home country, their homeland they are "proud" of and to get as far away from their own people to america, where they can shit all over the systems and economy setup by the whites so they can buy a house in the suburbs and move in 4 generations of their family to walk around the neighborhood in sand robes staring at everyone, and stinking up the whole block cooking curry
/biz/ shitposting >>>>>> bitcointalk poo-postingWe just have to constantly shit on the poos so they know to stay away.
Ahaha fucking gold
His banhammer has been on fire lately.
Lots of pajeets turning btctalk into a designated shitting forum