I don't even like NEO and I know this is serious crypto shit goin on.
NEO could go to 1000 dollars..........yes you heard me.
If news is big as they say, it will propel it to challenge ETH and BCH.
It's that serious guys and I must admit that I can see it too.
That is all /bizfaggoz
>pls fomo buy my bags at ATH
This is not the ATH you dumb faggot, stay poor.
NEO is going to $100 minimum EOY.
Lol the cycle never ends i give it a couple minutes before pink wojaks fill the board
.13 Bitcoin is roughly 1000 dollars at the moment.
If NEO news is this big it will blow past ETH.
It is also only 2/3's of ETH supply.
This could propel it to .07 which in turn would go and challenge .1.
Think about it folks, just think.
Challenge BCHCompletely different use cases, you know fuck all kid.
Get out of here with your lunch money investment.
look charts, NEO is still over half down its ATH levels, and now there is some real news, so dont be suprised if NEO going to new ATH this weekend
BCH is in limbo, those funds could break and go into another fruitful investment.
Alot of BCH holders are either frustrated or hate BCH altogether.
It would be easier to invest in something like NEO to actually strengthen Bitcoin's marketcap and win the fork war.
Yeah man and 0.1 could make it also challenge 0.2!
You are full of shit, just shit, no logical reasoning.What the fuck are you even trying to say?
NEO could go to 1000 dollarsJust last week the pajeets here were so sure that BCH was going to $3500 and will flip BTC.
But what happened was different.
Biz will buy at 0.2 like they did with bch
>Going to $1000Nope you understand that the billionares would have to get involved and intend to pump it up with billion of dollars like they did with BCH right?
you do know there's a shitload of chink billionaires right?
Ive seen this before sideways action then off a cliff
I'll buy in when it crashes to $33 tomorrow
Wtf Ive Been on nofap for 1 week and just relapsed fapping to tranny pron.
Biz put my mind straight!
Rsi shows over brought.
I sold.
Good luck