is buying iota a good call?
No.
Long term yes.If you're not in already, I'd wait for a dip.
IOTA AKBAR
Remember when ETH was just pennies?
Well this is your 2nd chance at lamobland if you missed it the first time around.
was
No.
No one can prove that IOTA works decentralized.Tuur deemster or whatever the fuck his naem is wrote some good stuff on twitter about why you should stay away from iota.
if you plan on scalping,maybe, if you plan on hodling no, bitcoin is going nowhere but up, cockblocking alts as it does so, hodling is a meme.
Bosch thinks so.
friendly reminder>>from redditThere are only 2,779,530 GIOTA = 2,779,530,283 MIOTAPeople always complain about the supply being too large, but if you think about it, owning just 1 GIOTA puts you in a club even more exclusive than owning one BTC (supply max 21,000,000).
There are maximum only 2.8 million people in the world that will ever own a single GIOTA.
Anyone who says IOTA cant make you rich is a liar, plain and simple.
(1 GIOTA = 1000 MIOTA = 1,000,000 KIOTA = 1,000,000,000 IOTA)BTC (max circulating supply 21,000,000 BTC)IOTA (max circulating supply 2,779,530 GIOTA = 2,779,530,283,277,761 IOTA total supply)
difference is IOTA is trash and BTC is king
No they're a bunch of nerds that don't believe in the blockchain and can't even create a useable wallet.
This is foolishly short-sighted.
IOTA are focusing on Industry 4.0 / IoT payments, it is just extremely early (hence the low price).IOTA will only grow with time and adoption of above.
It has tremendous potential to be a top 3 coin by 2020.
No blockchain, no miners, no fees.
Yea this coin can fail but it also has the potential be the coin to dethrone Bitcoin or Ethereum.
tfw
/biz/ mentality is to shill all the shit coins and cry about why they lost money or holding bags and then fud something that could make them money..> Allah Akbar iota muh link make me rich lambo land... Stay poor biz
Idiota
this guy gets it
Yes, it's basically at an ath, but you might as well buy in now because it's going even higher
BTC is king but isn't there already a bunch of problems with energy use, mining profits, speed, fees etc.
BTC reminds me of AOL or Yahoo early internet days.
it's basically at an athNot at all.
It went to $1.10 a few months ago and held in the 80s-90s for a bit.
I've been reading the IOTA whitepaper and it makes sense from a technical sense.
I don't understand how the network decides which transactions to trust/verify yet though.
1.
Can someone explain why IOTA is going to be big?
2.
Why would'nt the banks just use the tech in their own proprietary implementations to save themselves money?
3.
Why do you all think it will go up in value?
Here anon:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h09z2N0MtuQ2: They have a foundation now and have been scoring partnerships with people in the IoT/Industry4 world.
Somebody could make their own, but the same could be said about Bitcoin.3: It will go up because of adoption from above markets, and those growing significantly in the near future.
THEY STILL HAVEN'T GIVEN ME BACK MY MIOTA.
IT'S BEEN 1 WEEK SINCE I RAN THE RECLAIM TOOL.
.
m2m economy2.
m2m economy3.
m2m economy
Thanks bud.Any plans for a smart contract layer on top of IOTA?
I don't really see currencies being the best use case for distributed ledgers.
But friends at banks are going nuts over smart contracts.Another question: If the IOTA tokens aren't mined then what stops the devs from just creating and selling more coins.?
Thus reducing the value of the existing coins.
With bitcoin, the currency is backed by the computation power required, how is austerity imposed in IOTA?
They have centralized control over the network at the moment hence why they could change the balances of addresses to 0 in the situation behind the reclaim tool.
So you're telling me that they could take all my IOTA if I had some if they wished, and there is no way to put a cap on the number of coins other than if the IOTA devs decide to do so?
Smart contracts are coming long-term.In December they are going to announce timestamp support (extremely difficult to accurately do on a DAG).
This will pave the way for the end goal, smart contracts.
That's exactly what they did to me, and everyone who held iota before the transition phase, curl update, and whoever reused addresses.
They took it away and we have to run a reclaim tool to get it back.
They said they'd process claims starting Monday to return the funds, but I haven't gotten mine back and people are complaining that the tool is broken.I don't know about adding more coins to suppy.
Look at ETHhttps://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/ethereum/Notice how there isn't a "total supply" like every other coin?
That's because they can create more.IOTA has a total supply (not to say they can't hypothetically create more, but still) and have said it will never change.
Why Binance price always so much more expensive?
IOTA is an ICO coin, roughly 80% or more belongs to the people who were part of that ICO
Yes
Good thing buttcoin isn't hoarded and manipulated by a clawful of kikes and dog boiling gooks.
wronghttp://www.zdnet.com/article/a-better-blockchain-bitcoin-for-nothing-and-transactions-for-free/> "Ethereum started from this rebellious, libertarian vision, not necessarily pragmatic from an engineering point of view.
It was an accident waiting to happen.
We have no ideology, we only care about making things work in the real world.
Instead of adding functionality in the core protocol, we are leaving it as lightweight as possible and make it modular.
We have the IOTA Extension Interface through which anything from smart contracts to oracles and identity platforms can be created.
It's going to take time and resources, but we have those.
We have set up a foundation to oversee the development of IOTA, and this is also why we did our ICO.
We as founders took no cut in it, we just bought our IOTAs like everyone else.
The community donated 5% of IOTAs in circulation to the foundation.
We set it up in Germany, and we are working with organizations like Bosch, Innogy and Volkswagen that come to us saying they want to port their prototypes from Ethereum to IOTA because of the scalability and transaction fees issues.
We want to be like Linux or Eclipse, building something people are free to use as they please.
The Microsofts of the world say they are using Ethereum for example, but when you look closer you see there is a different agenda there.
That's not really Ethereum, it's a private instance - they may use the code, but not the network.
Doing something in a confined lab does not prove anything, and it's an oxymoron that people create private instances of blockchain.
You could just use a distributed database for that.
Everything we do is public domain - we are voluntarily obligated by our contract to do that.
We want our code to be used in the real world and solutions to be built on it, but we only collaborate when it benefits everyone involved".>We as founders took no cut in it, we just bought our IOTAs like everyone else.
That still doesn't prove me wrong, it just means the founders took part in the ICO.
Anyone who took part in the ICO owns the 80-90% of all the coins.I already calculated the math the other day when looking for viable coins to buy, I took a look at the top wallets, the first one I think had like 30% of all the fucking coins, the next one had 26%, and so on.
Take a look for yourself.
Get a load of this little lady.
You're a little Nancy Drew, yesss you are.
Ah boo boo.
You've seen alll the wallets and blown this case wide open.
fuk wrong one
the foundation and exchanges.
next
4390282>fuk wrong oneLOL, what the fuck is that pic, anon
4390282......
Based on strong technicals, wait and buy at $1.65 then moon mission engagedscreencap this
kek wtf
i mean $0.65
you biz idiots are so fucking myopic sometimesTHE IOTA DEVS WROTE THEIR OWN HASHING ALGORITHM...
4390314thats your mom anonjk that's my shop where I make IOTA hat>your mom is hot probably
THE IOTA DEVS WROTE THEIR OWN HASHING ALGORITHMi know, right.
how sick is that
For a long time bitfinex was the only exchange trading iota.
And they had withdraws disabled for a period (I think they may still be.. idk).Stop looking at the top wallets because its all exchanges for everything.
Agreed... blowing my load at $0.65
hat's my shop where I make IOTA hatok, i see now.
nice
Why won't this cancer die already
This is a half truth.
IOTA is 30+ people (engineers and researchers), some with phd's.
Yes they have their own hashing algorithm (for the IOT use-case) but they are working to perfect it.
In the last few months, they've hired 10 cryptography consultants to assist improving it and testing it.
We are very early in the project's development, it will eventually be solid.
after .65, what do you see in the short term for iota price-wise?
It will probably touch ATH then retrace at least 10%-15%.
i see lots of price predictions about iota, how do they value these, do they just work of bitcoin
IOTA potential reliant on JINN processor tech --> as far away as fucking graphene ones?
>Global warming agenda>RefugeesI'm fine missing some gains if it means not giving support to the downfall of the western hemisphere.
untested unsafe shit.
do ur own research.
iota is without a doubt the most pverhyped shit right now.
bothering to make that imageMust be holding some heavy bags
Old Sowjet Mining Farm, 1973, Colorized
fuck this refugee shitcoin.
the moment a dev starts to play politics with his investors im out.
+Respect for this anon
I know
Its not hard to do that.
The hard part is making it bulletproof.
There are so many flaws and attacks that can happen.
I researched yesterday on SHA-3 ; they made a competition back then.
64 really good teams submitted and 3/4 of them got already wiped out in the first round by some simple attack mechanics.
Building a good hash algorithm is very very difficult, im an IT guy and studied this.
I expect the likelyhood that their algorithm has weakpoints or is garbage extremly high.
The propanility that a random team just hits a jackpot with this is extremly low.
They should have picked something established and thoroughly tested.
If IOTA goes ever beyong a certain threshold and gets attention by security researchers they will find eventually every little hole in this hash algo and eventually destroy the currency within hours of publishing this.
you are just an idiot ... listen bevor you talkt!
... a lot of universities, mathematicians, developers are testing iota since months ... there also will be the coordinator for the next months to go with the testing ... there will be little bugs ... and they will fix them ... so whats your problem kid?
Yeah, just go ahead and buy all IOTA you can get, hf.
It says its build for Internet of Things and uses an Acyclic Directed Graph instead of a blockchain....ok great but where's the money here?
What should me make invest in this , even if it would be super bulletproof
why shit in a toilet when there are streets everywhere100% pajeet
Only at sub $0.40 is a good buy, which it was at a couple weeks ago.Thanks to 4chan and all of it's fake rage and BTFO on the refugee FUD I doubled my stack.
Hehe....seriously guys - how does IOTA gets value ?
How do i get money out of this long term without hype
seriously there are streets everywhere
IOTA is a Ponzi scheme.Make money on it before you become the bagholder.
Nobody has been testing IOTA for 2 years.No universities, none of their partners.Because, when MIT researcher/zcash boi, did the research, it took 2 guys 3 days to FUCKING REKT IOTA cryptographical primitives in the ass.The God of Crypto himself, Bruce Scheiner, said they made "rookie mistakes".
Rookie.
Nobody with any skills above rookie, or high-school level, cares to waste time analyzing a horse pile of shit and lies IOTA is.Then look what happens when horse pile of shit is revealed - security researches attacked for researching.God damn shameful.Hope you dont becomce the bagholder of this.
This IOTA scheme is same like BitConnect, just targets IDIOTS.
Right my funds were on the snapshot.
I have run the reclaim tool both stages.
The new address it told me matched the first address on my new seed.
Log into to my new seed attached the first address and balance is zero.
Have I done everything I need to?
Are they manually sending the funds back or should it have happened automatically?
hahahaha ... your a bitcoin fanboy right?
... didnt you guys told the same shit about ethereum years ago??
...A lot of people testet IOTA for 2 years - do your researchyes universities - do your researchthe zcash fanboy found a little bug, without any consequence (you will find hundrets of them) iota is a beta - do your researcha lot of people say iota is rookie shit ... do your research and you will know whyiota pays a lot of people to do the research - do your researchjust another idiot ... but i dont care ... you dont have to buy any iota ... just stop fudding!
Hello Pajeet
A lot of people don't even know what a hash function isLet me explain that to anyone else.
Hashing functions take years and years of testing globally before they are considered secure.
Sometimes decades.
You don't just make one for fun when there are off the shelf versionsIt would be like me wanting to buy a car but instead of going to the dealership i build one myself.
Out of their depth
out of their depthlike you are, some random pajeet, talking shit about iota devs like you're on their level.
you shit on a street ffs.
you're in no position to criticize anyone.
This is like saying if you own 20 000 000 BTC is more exclusively then the 21 BTC club because you are the only one in it.
How can you say they out of depth?Iota devs are literal GODS, they can do no wrong, shut the fuck up, buy IOTA, and let the normies pay for everything, they will come and they will buy this shit.Enjoy your free money ffs.We are on the top of the Poni scheme, stop fucking it up.
boy, you think IOTA exists since june, right?
... man you guys are so full of shit ... they are working since years on it ... and bevor it, they were in the oldest projects in cryptoworld ... who are you to criticize them, shitboy?
What the fuck is happening with this thread.
I'm getting the fuck out if and when I actually get my iota back.
Working for years...yet still baby training wheels?Byteball is better than iota.
Lol.
dumbass can't into math
>buying IOTA