Yes Australian.
Rate my portfolio.And also explain why biz is the only place i feel at home with crypto and all people I interact with on the daily think that bitcoin (crypto in general) will toilet?
Also if asked about ABY, I heard a float rumour that it may be pumped to $1.
Covering bases.
Because you are my bizbro :')10/10 portfolio m8
Thank you mate.
Powr has peaked for now.GRS was flavour of the week.FUN will never do anything.VTC - solid.Where are your Link and Request while they are as cheap as they will get?Overall, 6/10
sorry, forgot to add the rest.
Still holding bags of them from buying at ATH while drunk.
Re-think FUN.
they burn tokens when used online at the tables.
>Yes Australian
all people I interact with on the daily think that bitcoin (crypto in general) will toilet?Those people are your guides anon.
If they change their minds it is time to be considering the exit.
these people are not in crypto.
I have literally no one at all close to me that has any interest of knowledge about it.
Rate my SHIT bags.
someone pls rate my shit bags as well4517449
if youve made a profit on that POWR i would take those profits soon, and put it something well established
gotta go all in for the ODN masternode or youre not trying
hmm.
I paid ICO price and only spent $200aud on all of my POWR.
I feel like living dangerously and seeing where it takes me.
But what would you suggest?
Undecided on odn just yet.
Time will tell with the project.
impressive neo bags i must say.
Got in during $7 ANS days mate.
Lucked out.
Too much Power Rangers and no REQuies
r8
Are your ubiqs mined mate?
I've just started mining this coin (free power) possibility of moon mission?
It seems to fly under the radar.
I had 6 neo at $5 ANS but sold my bag after the initial NEO push just after rebrand.
How do you people get 3k I'm bitcoin to buy these amounts?Coinbase has these obtuse limits and 5 day wait times.
Or am I just doing it wrong?
How many ubiq did you mine so far and how long did it take?
I might start mining it too.
I purchased these at $0.08Aud at the time of ICO.
Ive had the POWR bag for a long time.
if not btc, probably eth or xmreth in particular, is ready for a bull run
Oh then you are fucking giddy at the moment aren't you?Powr is a great coim, even if I'm not holding much of it.
Everything I'm reading looks stellar, a lot less smoke and mirrors than other coins Also what the he'll is am ico
I WAS thinking ETH.
But what if I just hold this bag.. as is.It only cost me $200..Am I crazy to hold and see this thing past $2?
crypos and general forex trading are CGT events right?
ICO is an initial coin offering.
Pretty much when you can buy the coin at the beginning of its life from the company to help them fund their project.
No KNC.
You're doing it wrong.
actually just dropped my bag of KNC 2 days ago from also buying in at ATH.
couldn't look at it anymore.
i would say take half outhonestly, ive been in your position many times, and in hindsight, regretted not selling some every timeif it dumps, you can buy moreif it moons, youve still got a ticket, and a place to start for the next mission
why does powr need to do an ico.
why dont they control the supply of coins.
they are trying to do a specific market not be used as a general curency
sadly i do not know enough about where i stand on this.Ill take that into consideration.
Not sure I feel cool taking just half.
Might take a bit less.
about where i stand on thiswhat?are you implying your opinion has an effect on what the government considers taxable?
Make sure to track your performance against BTC or ETH, not fiat.You should track every purchase in the currency you used to purchase it.
Wow!
I 4chan user with actual good coins.
WTF am I seeing.
I come here to scalp from your hyped shitcoins you retards then I see this.
Thank you for being smarter than the rest of these confido huuuur dee durr moon faggots.
wow, no linkes.
I give 1/10.
Why the fuck don't you have eth?
Kek @ ark
Buy more GRS.You can double it soon
Thanks m8
I am a simple man.
My portfolio is 100% REQ and i have 400k in my cold wallet and ~120k on MEW.
How am i doing?
Don't listen to him m8, FUN is going to the moon.
Personally holding 100k.
hello fellow fun friend :)
G'day m8