https://etherdelta.com/#0x017188526374f723ec66509ea0c44dd797a33c84-ETHnext big thing doesnt even have a ticker.
downvote
Yep volumes starting to pick up.
When this thing goes live we're going to the moon.
for what?
have you read the whitepaper?
And its on dip right now, far from its ATH.
room to grow.
http://feenix.tech/white-paper/https://m.youtube.com/watch?t=8s&v=Y8B4QqgpoKs
Give it up man some people just can't be helped
LMAOfuck em, someone sell to me cheap im buying more.
none of those developers are even real people, nice scam coin
Yea they're reptillians
Why do people fall for this obvious bs?
How does that make it a scam.
It's good if it's selling for cheaper than ICO.
It'll stop people who bought at ICO from dumping when it goes live
0 google results for any of these people existing
nice, just bought 100k
The ICO has two completely different prices depending on if you buy with BTC or ETH because they haven't updated the page since it was first tossed out on the web.
Pretending to be retarded won't help you shill this bullshit.
Literally every ICO doesn't change their prices with eth and bitcoin fluctuations
gtfo plebbit
what it differs of upfiring coin
Think utorrent vs. dropbox
Well FENX's white paper actually makes sense for starters
Stop stacking the sell to make a tiny 20% flip then you stupid pajeets.This is not going to run with you 2 idiots trying to beat each other down on price.
muh whitepaperone of the worst attempts at a scam coin ive seen in a while
Well it goes live in less than a week and the ICO sold about 50% of their FENX.
I'm betting on the people who bought in on ICO to buy up to half of what it sold for.
Who cares most coins are a scam.
Maybe this one is or maybe it isn't.
What I can tell you is that buying this at literally 10% of ICO price is a smart move.
If you can't see why then you're an idiot.
meant for 
*Coin goes 12x in past 24 hrs*C'mon guys buy buy buylol
% of ice sold = 1/2 as many idiots bought as planned
Ok well we're here to make money.
It's obvious that you will profit if you buy it now.
People who bought into the ICO probably were dumb.
Or maybe it's really legit I don't really know.
But they will certainly pump the coin up when it goes live.
Because if I thought a coin with limited supply was going to moon I would totally tell others to buy and screw myself out of more profit, right?
You really think its 10% of ico??
not a chance.
bitcoin was 4800 when the ico was released, plus the ico early adopter bouses.
if they wanted to break even for, 0.0025 eth is breakeven for same fiat price back.
So you might as well say its only around 50% off $$$ wise and thats because some idiot trying to play whale games with a coin way to early.. its still fucking ico, let it get listed on an exchange before you start doing that..
I don't have any more money to spend on it.
It's definitely better if more people hold it then just a couple of whales.
By your logic why would anyone shill a coin they believe in?
Well, there's a balance you need to strike, no?It won't go anywhere if nobody knows about it.
People have been buying recently as well.
Someone just bought 1772 25 minutes ago.
https://etherscan.io/token/0x017188526374f723ec66509ea0c44dd797a33c84
Ok that was a sell order on ED but my point still stands people are still buying it at the ICO.
are you stupid pajeet?
there is no whales selling yet, just a wannabe whale and some other idiot that keep jumping each others sell price down.
Weak hands are bad for everyone just because 2 people want out now the price goes down 30%.
Really, cause it looks like a big ass sell wall on ED to me
Sure, advertising is necessary.But there is a big difference in saying 'coin ABC is going to moon because it has advantages X, Y, and Z versus the competition'vs 'strap in boys, woooo'
You realize that it's not even listed yet and normies don't know even know about it right?
They're literally still buying from the website
what do you think i just said..?that sell wall is only put up by 2 weak hands anyway.
It wouldn't take much to run, would only take 1 or 2 serious buyers.. sooner or later a discord group will pick it up and pump it anyway
Or even more likely the people who bought into the ICO will hedge their losses by buying in cheaper and pump it.
If its not big deal, go ahead any buy it up champ... money talks
He probably already did.
Do you not see all of those trades?
We're going to hold until next week when it gets listed and skyrockets in price
Obvious scam with pathetic attempt at fake pictures/names as "devs"With that being said, assuming that the pos scammer is one of these shills always posting here - why don't you just hire real devs for this project?
The idea is actually decent.
Stop being a piece of shit and use this opportunity to create something nice.
Nope, wall still very much healthyC'mon all you alleged cryptoballers, lets see you put your money where your mouth is.... or are those your bags in that wall?
you wanna start explain what the coin is about or do you just want to call moon?
Learn how to post about a coin correctly?
and how not to tank the price when its going up.
It's not a scam, it's being listed on exchanges very soon.
i didn;t look too hard bit i found eric johnson, he's a big bitcoin guy.It's just underexposed.
small market cap, big project.
this will pump $1 - $2 easy in the next week or 2 .
Who cares?
Honestly people are paying 14.4 ether for 10000 of them.
You can see for yourself https://etherscan.io/token/0x017188526374f723ec66509ea0c44dd797a33c84It's a no brainer that it's going to moon when it gets listed for that reason alone.
And the project is a way to tip people to post torrents.
Think if there's some obscure Korean movie that you want an English subbed version of that isn't available.
Now with FENX you can pay someone discretely for that service.
Dude come on its never going to hit ICO price.
At least not for a few years.
It will certainly sell for more than it's at right now though.
Easy 3-5x gains.
All: Go look at the order book, this one's dead.
Hope you guys got out in time.
Enjoy the rest of your night.
Which buy order is yours?
Not in this at all, sorry I like keeping my money
Korean movieYou stole that from Thursdays shill thread comeon at least be original if you want me to buy your coin
Dude it's been established that most posters here only FUD when they're trying to buy in cheaper.
Why else would you go through all this trouble?It's still true.
Is my post about the sell wall FUD?
noIs my post about the order book FUD?
noIs my post about meritless posts FUD?
noI'm just tired of all the shilling of garbage.
you fucking idiot.
You and some other idiot are selling each other down.You are shilling the shit out of it, losing yourself and everyone here a lot of money because you have no clue how to shill a coin for what it is, you just say 'muh moon'.Wake up to yourself, You fucked up.
Everyone else who bought in, buys the lowest ask then places a small buy order to help build the sell wall.... play the game properly or just fuck off you norwegian pajeet.
I'm holding though.
It's not even live yet.
I'm waiting until next week so I can sell for huge profits.
Im tired of faggots ruining good coins because they spend too much time worrying about the price to tell people about what the coins about.
yeh not even live and you are ruining a great coin with your street shittery.
lolol'Totally not trying to sell guys.... just shilling for no reason'
Let's take a look at your first post... hmmm, yup, definitely telling us a whole lot about this coin there
>tfw I don't have enough Eth to pay for gas
I plan to eventually sell though.
I'm not just going to hold these indefinitely.
You know this is a business and finance board right?
Not a crypto currency board.
Alright dude well I hope that works out for you.
Thanks.
First nice thing you said
Not trying make it personal for anyone, I'm just tired of every other post on here telling me about the next big thing without any justification.
Welcome to /biz/