So.
/Biz/.
Last Sunday we have seen the first real attack-attempt on Bitcoin, the likes of which we have never seen before.A lot of dirty tricks got pulled out of one hat, and Bitcoin stands strong.What does this mean to you?
/Biz/?
BTC is too big to fail.
A lot of dirty trickscan you elaborate what tricks were used and how they were dirty?
If you had balls of steel and hands of iron, it means you're on track to be a cryptillionaire.
That a bunch of bitter retards with their whale-size stacks and mining cartels can't topple bitcoin.
Like Bill Gates said, no-one can stop it
It was a warning sign for whales to exit BTC.
Ehm what happened in August?
Newfags
Some is said in the first minutes of this video before it gets into trading:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WV1EWBp0I6M
 Fake spam transactions> Mining cartel> Fake news regarding b2x imlementation
likes of which we have never seen been beforeAm I the only one here who has been On this board more than a fucking month ?It happened literally last August, infact it went as high as 0.5 that time and was as low as $50.
And It will happen again in a few months too
Here lovely anon.
This board is full of newfags.
And 80% of them are Link holders too.
first real attack-attempt on Bitcoinbaby's first month on BTCThis has happened many times before, and it will happen again many times.Bitcoin Unlimited?
lol just by the way you type I know you're clueless about what's to come
 and Bitcoin stands strongI o-only l-lost t-twenty p-percent a-and s-still c-crashing.
I s-stand s-strong.
Hi new friend.
Same thing happened in august.
Now lurk moar.
>it still stands strongno it doesn't transaction fees are skyhighit will only be a matter of time before bitcoin cash takes over
Kek
wash trading>massive FUD propaganda on social network>dDos.0001btc transaction to spam the network>bithumb crashes 4hour during the dump
ddosing the exchange with 70% of the volume while bch was rising
I wish someone could make a collage of these deluded retards.
I love those.