Ok, so you think that posw is going to be a big player, because there is development and a new technology.
Fair enough.Now lets look at one of their former "great" projects.
the revamp of poswallet.com, which was on schedule until the server breach in august.
it was so much on schedule that it was released in november without new features, other stakeable coins, or the holy eth-integration.
and they have stated that the exchange will not come back.
so i fail to see how the page got better compared to the many coins/faucets and exchange poswallet.com before.
and now there is another "great" project, which has been on schedule always and even tweeted that the testnet would be ready and that invitations were coming soon on october 8th.
ok there was no server breach, but it was said that it was not possible to market within the btc-fork-environment, so everything was on schedule, and after the fork woohooo.
then the fork got cancelled and nothing happened.
ok some articles, there were some of those about poswallet2.0 as well, didn't speed it up, didn't make it better.
so my question is why do you believe that the coin devs are working/developing for real and not just pulling another poswallet2.0?
Through your use of snarky quotations it seems to me like you've already made up your mind, but ok.
I'll take a bite.First of all, the exchange was cut because the exchange created too many problems for what it was worth, and the posw team decided to focus on technology that makes them unique in the crypto-space, which imo is the right move.
Though the website was not updated with new features, it was updated, and that's a big deal.
This wasnt a half baked update, the whole thing was revamped.
The developers are bold enough to put an update log directly on your dashboard; the one I am looking at has Nov 19th as the latest timestamp.
This is very good new, it shows they are active in development.
This tells me that they are meeting deadlines and working on the project, which is what matters at this point.
Also, if you took a look at the website, it looks much better than the previous version.
A great improvement, I think we can all agree.
>which has been on schedule always and even tweeted that the testnet would be ready and that invitations were coming soon on october 8thI dont know where you heard this.
The testnet is slated to come out very soon, I would say within the next month or so, but there have been talks that it is going to ready by next weekend.
Development is considered to be "on time".
>so my question is why do you believe that the coin devs are working/developing for real and not just pulling another poswallet2.0?1) The new website came out which is cold hard proof that they are working.
Again, there is a development and update log right on your dashboard, so you see updates immediately upon login.
It's quite reassuring.2) The Whitepaper and technology itself is nothing short of groundbreaking.
The POSW admin behind this has enough posw to fund the development, which is obviously happening, with very talented and ambitious developers.
cont.
)
The developers have been bold enough to talk about doing dactual evelopment livestreams to increase trust within the community.
They are aware of the trust issue and are dedicated to winning back the trust of the crypto community.
4) Poswallet 2.0 is exactly whats happening.
I'm not sure what you mean by them "pulling" another poswallet 2.0.
What happened in April wasnt a scam, they just screwed up.
April was a screw up.
The posw team back in April made bad decisions, was immature, and was not serious about a multi million dollar project.
The people that are left on the posw team have clearly learned from their mistakes, from what I can tell, and are ready to make serious money.
There is an air of professionalism around the new team and everyone can notice it.5) I personally know people of repute that are working on the posw team.
Call it the "crypto underground" if you will, these people know whats up.
I've hung out with them in slack, traded with them, spoke with them, they know whats in the loop.
What's been posted here in 4chan is the real deal in terms of people that are giving you the heads up on a project that is still under the radar, small marketcap, with huge potential.
It's for real.
POSW is absolutely an indy project with no ICO, that is doing a $50 million dollar marketcap minimum project.
Its a message for all those investors out there that are willing to invest and do their research, hang out in the slack/telegram, read the whitepaper and updates and talk to the devs directly.
This is the real deal.
There is real work being done and the testnet will be up soon.
Its up to you to invest.
Can I give you an absolute iron clad guarantee that the devs will deliver and the coin will moon?
No, but no one can in cryptospace.
But this is one of the best opportunities for a real investment of buy low sell high.
No risk no reward.
thanks for the detailed answerabout "pulling another poswallet2.0" - i am concerned with projects that promise you a lot and deliver less.
poswallet.com is something like that for me, since there was development for a very long time and the result is an online staking wallet for one coin.
i am concerned, that devs that have promised poswallet.com from july onwards are now doing the same thing with the coin; from 1-3months until results in the beginning inm september, we have come to 1-3 months in november.
plus i would ask questions in their slack, but the only result you get is "fud" or stay positive; nice to see that there are people with answers nevertheless
but the only result you get is "fud" or stay positiveYou sure about that?
The slack is quite friendly and to the point.
In fact no one has mentioned fud, the morale is quite high in the posw slack.
In fact its the highest morale in all of the slacks ive been in.
I agree there is uncertainty.
But that’s why it’s still a tiny cap coin with potential to go 10-20x within the next six months.
it is my impression.
when asking about dates or schedules one either gets soon or be patient, stay positive or are being accused of being butthurt from times i did not even know the coin; maybe i should give slack another try
HOLY FUCKING SHIT IT'S MOONING!!!!
!