I missed the bch mission, and maybe this is slightly clouding my judgement.
Having said that, after the last fuckery from these greedy chinks and similar (((insiders))) I wasn't too glad of jumping in their latest scheme (no matter how profitable it could have been).Regardless of what happens, whether a real flipping occurs or not between bitcoin and bcash, a few things are clearer than ever: which ever bitcoin "wins", it is very likely its success at the top will be short lived.
After regular people and the crypto enthusiasts (e.i: not insiders) realize just how susceptible bitcoin is to miner fuckery, bitcoin will inevitably collapse under its own weight, and with good reason.
Whether ether or any other alt-coin raises to the top is to be seeing, but one thing is clear: People's trust on "bitcoin" will cease as we know it.
No more /biznessmen counting their wealth on btc.
No more "digital gold".
The crypto investors will certainly be shaken by this experience.Guessing which crypto will take btc spot is hard to say.
I am leaning toward ether on the mere fact that is/was the second largest crypto and it has remained stable.
Personally I think it serves a better function than Btc in almost every aspect (relatively fast transactions, an actual store of value, and good functionality).
With that said it could also be monero or any other.Besides this point.
To everyone that has missed this moon mission of epic proportions.
This fuckery won't end well.
What exactly these (((insiders))) and chinks are planning is anyone's guess.
Are they planning on putting all of their hashing power behind bcash and leave btc hodler with their bags?
Or will they merely say "loll jk we are going back to btc ;^) " like they did with seg2x?
who knows, the fact that bitcoin is at the mercy of these fuckers shows that it can no longer remain the king of crypto.
(continued)
Should have written it all before posting it, anon
>missed bchit just went down, so you still can make 30-40% today
agree 100% anon.today i realised this is all just a big meme.
make some profit and gtfo asap.
just lmao if you think this all will be here in 10 years time
I know a lot of you made money from bch, congrats to those that did.
If you feel like a gambling man you will probably hold for the ride.
If the insiders are on your same side, you will make a ton of money.
If you picked the wrong side, you will have to live with the consequences.For those that might be either in the red or currently not holding any crypto.
You probably fall into one of two camps: you want to chase the moon mission of bch, see if you get lucky and land on the team of the insiders, regardless of anything else.
Or the second camp: even if you could still get in, this fuckery has rightly showed you the fundamental flaw with the bitcoin ecosystem and you don't feel comfortable playing along.I personally fall in the second camp, and my advice (?)
is for people that come from the latter group: regardless of what will happen with bitcoin, the crypto space won't go anywhere.
Blockchain technology is real.
Decentralization is a real thing.
And trying to "put" the genie back in the bottle will be nearly impossible (even if bitcoin were to collapse today).
Regardless of the core issues of bitcoin, there are exciting projects in the crypto world.
Cryptos that will replace bitcoin and cryptos that will replace all sorts of other things.
So to conclude: no amount of fuckery by these chinks can stop the crypto market.
Maybe if it collapses, we will see one or two dark days.
But before you know it a new coin (or an old coin being promoted) will take the place of btc and that will be all, back to business.
Research alts that you like, and accumulate.
Maybe don't do it all at once, since you can't predict the extent of the bleeding.
But do it.
This is how I plan to personally play the game.
I won't chase their "flipplening" or "free fork money" anymore, bitcoin has proved to be incredibly vulnerable, and once the market catches on (which it will once this is over) it will be wise to chase after the bigger picture, starting now.
thanks mate for the words.
still i dont think bitcoin will just die or will be replaced any time soon.
but yes.
miners have too much power.
its almost like politics bullshit altough bitcoin should sovle such "centralization" of power... as you said the tech is real and will not just disappear.good luck to you