*begins mooning*
?
Altcoin, XMR, CPU and GPU mineableProbably going to become a big contender over the next year, second only to BTC.
/biz/ consensus is that the tech is leaps and bounds ahead of the game but probably won't unseat BTC due to normies.
4466826
this is false.
Normies on facebook know and promote XMR.
Unlees normeis in facebook groups about crypto aren't actually the real normies..
holy shit, everything is mooning
no no, you will ruin the "moon" by spamming it whenever a price jumps few satoshis up.
it has to be minimal 50%, minimal I tell you!
I would be legitimately surprised if this coin does not get to 5B market cap by the summer.
It will probably pass DASH in market cap in Q1 2018.
man its great being comfy in xmr surrounded by all these pink wojacks
How the fuck does DASH have a higher market cap than Monero to begin with?
It's fucking shit.
Same with Iota.
true.
because they have more marketing than actual development
when xmr gets a little spotlight its gonna skyrocket, development team seems to be very solid and the future holds positiv things for monero
240$ next 3 days.
get the fuck in
why i believe in xmr
4467246kek, this.
The scientists Monero is using are fucking expensive as fuck though.
They both as a 100K salary so that is 200K in fucking total for a full year.
Fuck those people.I doubt the whales will keep being so generous, they will want results quicker.
DASH has been around for a while and the master nodes are appealing to investors.
IOTA is a manipulated Reddit coin filled with newfags looking to hold the next ETH.>yeah so the wallet doesnt work>yeah funds randomly disappear>yeah okay its not decentralized so what>yeah whatever the encryption doesnt work>yeah the devs are retards>lol so much FUD, you miners are just scared because well have a $436 trillion market cap by 2018 lmao>muh partnershipsEvery time.
K per year is cheap as fuck for scientists in industry who aren't pajeets.
In the US you can't even get a quality junior developer for 100k.
to be fair the noether team is working on some good shit.
Fine by me that the entire thing is grassroots rather than corporate.
Yeah the purge in Saudi Arabia is a bigger deal then most give credit.
I have heard the crown prince MBS could infact appropriate as much as 400 Billion dollars worth of assets from the other princes he has arrested in the ritz carlton.
Would be surprised if he kills them, MBS could at that point be the richest man in the world besides the Rothschilds, and Jewish money makers that work at central banks.
Alot of minor princes and other will want to get their money out of SA asap due to fear of MBS power.
Best investment in crypto.
Monero will take down BTC in less than 2 years.
Screen cap this
prepare the xmr fomo boys
brother 100k does not buy you a top level sciencetician
It's incredible monero forked from that shitcoin Bytecoin.
Please no, I've barely accumulated.
Holdings?
:(
In the US a top research developer should be $1m+, depending on their field
This.
Thanks for the thread lads, gonna accumulate some of this shit right now.
Hope you didn't meme on me.
You do know its gonna crash when BTC crashes, right?
if BTC crashes they will just mint tethers and send it to 8800 all good
In that case I will hold and accumulate more.
sounds a lot like link