SALT is mooning again, what are your price expectations and when?
1$ in 1 week
150$ eoy not even larping, I've been in crypto for a long time and salt is so seriously underrated
funny cause the platform is launching soon and the retail price for each SALT token is $25
expectation?
literally $25 EOY
you really think there will be that much demand?
i mean i was expecting the price to go near $15 since the retail price is $25 but damn the demand needs to be through the roof for them to raise the retail price.
why do you think the 400btc wall was there for a few days?
Salt is going to be huge
It's loans in digital assets, just think about it, Whats the value of that token
>tfw I've only got 25 SALTI guess I can be the dish washer on the moon mission guys
No idea but holy what a ride.
In deep and picking up more every little dip
But wont there be a limit on how much SALT could be used for each loan?
im bullish too but damn $150 SALT isnt that a bit much?
They implied there's a limit.
They said it can be used to pay off a part of the interest.
It's probably going to be a decent enough chunk to be a good salt-sink, however.
How long does transferring to this shit exchange take?Bittrex was really fast.
I even transfered in ETH to binance to make it faster.
4259302are you not seeing the bigger picture of how valuable this will be?
i think its valuable but isnt $150 per SALT a bit much?
If the platform is successful then it is valued at about 25$
SALT is on Bittrex
They plan to raise the price they sell salt for each time the market price stabilizes close to their own price.They own most of the salt and plan to eventually allow salt to be used as collateral (but not yet).
The value of being able to access their loans is much higher than what they sell the memberships for right now.They have a lot of salt, and will rake in lots of salt as people pay for the platform with it.The incentives are a aligned for a gradual increase.
I'm betting at least 100USD.How much time it will take depends entirely on the popularity of the platform.
I could argue with you about this as much as you'd like, but I believe it will.
I could pajeet shill it to you guys but I really do believe itOf course the platform is going to be successful, and imagine it being very successful.
Srsly stop thinking so small in context of crypto and the assets it will continue to bring in years to come
Please god be right
$25 eoy at least, $100 sometime in 2018 is my prediction.
I can see it being kind of like Bitconnect but without being a complete and blatant Ponzi
Speaking of bitconnect how did I miss this dank meme until today?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KUJwMPGmv5c
my only regret is buying less of it at $2.
No doubt it will be $25 in no time.
wrong videohttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kbR1SXIje1U
>Leverage my bitconnect assets to buy more bitconnect
wanted to buy $10,000 a week ago at $2.50 each>got cucked by my exchange crashing>mfw $4ONE NOTHING WRONG WITH ME, TWO NOTHING WRONG WITH ME
How high will it go before it pulls back?
$4.10STOP
Join our collaborated pump Channel on telegram where we discuss what coin we will pump next.
We have 5 million to pump with.
I am giving away the Palm Beach confidential on November 16th.
t.me/joinchat/GlRSG0Po444c7gw8rld96wI'll see you there
Kek $4.14 now
tfw 9 saltheyyyyy
Tier 2 guy here.
5k at 1.50....sitting, watching, have boner.
25 dollars easy.
Listen to the FinTech podcast Appetite for Disruption that does a 2 part Salt interview with the founders.
This is so legit and people are so used to noise, they brush it off.
Congrats!
I bought Salt at 2.50 a week ago and have been reading about it ever since.
Listening to the podcast at the moment.
How did you get in on Tier 2 and hear about it so early?
super newfag here.
really want to purchase Salt.Where can I do that.
pls help /biz/
Binance, and hurry up
>tfw sold last night expecting a dip to rebuy at the bottomNothing makes sense!
Use etc or bitcoin and look at markets.
That's where you can buy.https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/salt/also, Exodus and Shapeshift
4261018Or if you're already with an exchange that doesn't have SALT - you can just buy another coin and use Shapeshifter if you don't mind losing a couple of bucks around in transfers
Havent you heard?
the fork is over.
Expect BTC to crash in a few days after a bull trap.
Sold my salt and the rest my alts.
No 2x price action just didn't cut it.
Btc is still going to 8k
spotted the vector chasing no-research brainlet
Binance only lets you purchase with BTC?
Should have been clearer.
only let you purchase salt with other Cryptos not USD?
we already answered your question.
learn to read or fuck off.
eth or bitcoin
4261096Yes I dont think most exchanges that have alts trade with fiat money.
Buy BTC on another exchange (I use Coinbase, consider it the safest and most professional seeming but they have pretty high fees) then send it to your binance, it might sound hard but this is actually really simple
SALT was a softball hit.
Literally doubled my money in a week.
If you didn't get in, it's your fault.
The smart posts were warning you about it all week.
I am always ready to help a bro out.
I can sell you some SALT for 25$/token.
Dumped all my SALT.Too much hype.
yeah sure dump it before the platform gets released kek.
larping faggot.
It's being manipulated by the huge whale that makes that buy wall.
Wait for it to hit bottom again and then buy.
Zoom out and see the pattern.
I expect it will be .000400 again in the morning like always.
I bought at 2.50 last night, feels good
Salt is definitely gonna be $100+ ...
It's like BitConnect but good and not a scam.
Tasteful marketing too, so you know big money will bite.Need more Salt.