I don't think you faggots realize how rich this coin will make you.
Like, if you buy at least 10k you're set for life.
>tfw you know this and are buying LINK as we speak
I know anon it makes me so hard thinking about it.But i also can't help but feel it sounds too good to be true, why does basically no one talk about this coin outside biz?
LIke i know there marketing and promoting is fucking abysmal but it has so many big names attached and it should be able to sell itself
people are too stupid, anon.
not like you and me.
we can see where the industry is headed.
leddit tier trash can't.
go to swift.smartcontract.com
what a fucking joke, i have 6.9k link but you can stop shitting on me now.
the fewer that know about it the better.
Being rich isn't fun if everyone is
We're gonna make it bro
Deluded.
Try 200k.
I only have 200
link is not a coin
t. 200k holder
1,000,000,000 supplySo you mean ten years from now I might make a couple grand off my investment?
Cool, sign me up!
I love slow gains!
i do pump and dumps here to make back what i lost in link.https://discord.gg/7AcEnn3
it sounds too good to be trueThere's a reason for that....
Because it sounds too good to be true and the price doesn't reflect the value.
You hear all this shit about Chainlink and it's connections and then you look at the price and market cap.
You assume people must be blowing smoke up your ass.
People also don't understand the value of decentralized oracles or the ability for a company to sell their data directly to people interested or for companies to easily integrate smart contracts.
It's so crazy.
If it achieves the goal it sets out for then it will hit $20 per token even if the token itself is fucking worthless (It isn't).But whatever I have my 150K Link.
It's not going to send me to the poor house but it will delete 80% of my crypto gains if it somehow fails.
yup.
it's too abstract for ledditers to comprehend.
not like us biz folk.
we have always been ahead of the curve.
I sincerely hope this shit goes to 0 and all of you go bankrupt.
This is the worst shilling I have ever seen for a crypto
WTF I CLICKED THIS AND NOW MY LINK IS GONE
haters gonna hate
you invested on link your pump and dumps must suck too
what am I looking at here
THE FUTURE OF FINANCE
#Wiped
2018 Q1 - $2
Can I get a quick rundown on why LINK will rule the world please?
The PoC that was demonstrated at SIBOS.
You are not smart enough to know what it does.
smart contracts currently can't interact with anything off-chain securely.chainlink allows smart contracts to securely take off-chain info from a decentralized network of data providers (aka nodes, oracles) that they pay in LINK and use that info.
This enables mainstream adoption of smart contracts using real world data in a tamper-proof manner.
Why nobody is talking about the fact that te team is composed of only 2 people.Isn't it a concern?
yes, it's also just a fucking JSON parser, so basically it's a piece of shit.
worst fud ever.
ETH has an UNLIMITED supply of coins yet it's worth $300.
probably because that's outdated information
How many people do they have in their team now?
DYOR
How?
Microsoft was two people.
Bitcoin was one.
Ethereum was one.
They have the assets to hire as many people as they like, but no more than they need.
DYORWhy don't you let people answer.
If you don't want to feed me maybe people will.I don't have time to research everything.
I'm just trying to understand quickly if I should look at LINK with more attention.
why don't you ask us to help you with your math homework faggot
That's because it's the best opportunity since ETH and people are excited.You should be glad that /biz/ are looking out for each other on this, the sharp anons could have just as easily kept silent and accumulated.
4310659If I decided to spend a bit of time on this board this morning it's to be fed predigested information by servile anons.What's the point otherwise?
THIS SHIT WILL NEVER MOON, SERGEY WONT FUCKING SHILL IT.
SOMEONE GIVE HIM A SKATEBOARD!
Agreed, let's get him sponsored by Birdhouse so he can have Tony Hawk shill for him and talk skater shit on Jun
Tony Hawk quit skating
euroYou have to go back
But why would you want to pay someone in a volatile crypto currency like LINK?
I never understood the argument that token value is derived from payments because any business is going to want to make payments using a stable currency
How low will it drop?
even at devcon 3 which was literally only a few days ago he pleaded for helphe sounded desperate.
want the link ?
Perfect time to accumulate more :D
Pink wojaks, more like LINK wojaks
The price can be stable, even if that means sending different quantities of LINK as the LINK price fluctuates.
The token doesn't have to have a stable price for value transfers to be made with a consistent fiat cost.
what is with these threads trying to make people buy into your failed purchase in order to drive the price up?
theres no wealth in the meme coins.
just fuck off
4309651430980043099974310660
Absoulutely a steal right now, finally upping my stack from 6.3 to 10k.Literally stealing millions of dollars right now, feels incredible.