With like no crypto.
My dad says I should get a car and then flip it, but I dunno.
I'm just not that car savvy.I know alot about accounting, and lead generation, and I'm good with Adobe Premiere and Adobe Indesign.
I'm also great making business plans.Any thoughts?
I'm kinda thinking about using that $5,000.00 as startup money for like some sort of consulting/internet business.Serious responses plz.
Put that into literally any top 30 crypto and you'll 5x your money
just buy EBET.
that's a perfect time frame to get a 2-10x+ return on it.check out https://ethbet.io/ and join the Discord, the developers talk often and it's cozy.
join us.
Avoid this anon
if you are great at making business plans you should plan on making a great business
save it and work for 6 months
I agree with Ethbet, slightly risky but amazing potential
I started with 2k and trippled my money just in bitcoin.
Are you a nocoiner?
That's what im thinkilng
ps://ethbet.io/I promis i'll check that out.
thanks man
>What's the best way to double my $5k in 6 monthsBuy a riding lawnmower and mow people's grass.
why no crypto?u realize buying btc right now will be way more then 2x in 6 months, right?
just feels way too risky
using cancerous memes
muh riskCryptos are here to stay and grow.
put it all in LINK
Get out from here you fucking normie.
smart man - if anyone tries to say it's a done deal, or will DEFINITELY double your money, proceed with extra caution.
e t h b e t
IOTA will 3x in 6 months.
New wallet, new exchanges, peaq, and more
Dude, every time there's as financial innovation in the private sector, be it crypto, the state/government always modifies and regulates it.
ALWAYS.Why the fuck would crypto be any different?
The bitcoin gravy cannot go on forever.
I mean, in the US, you're already required to list any gains you've made from crypto trading.
List them on your taxes I mean.
I mean, in the US, you're already required to list any gains you've made from crypto trading.You mean just like you're required to do with literally every single income generating activity?
I know ppl but, like, the more bitcoin is on the news, the more the writing is on the wall for it to be regulated.
It's not guaranteed at all.
And ppl steal bitcoin from others all the time.
Your bitcoins aren't even insured, like your first $250K would be in a bank.
I'm just using critical thinking nigga.
Regulation is likely coming sure, but you're acting like that will kill crypto.
No, what will instead happen is that you'll have your darknet focused cryptos that will just utterly ignore regulation and your govapproved cryptos.
Both will continue to rise in my opinion, I don't think you understand how small cryptocurrencies still are relative to most financial instruments.
Your bitcoins aren't even insured, like your first $250K would be in a bank.
kek.
FDIC is a joke.
I'm a victim of fraud and lost $4k I was holding in my savings account.
Even though the bank has a picture of the person who did it they tell me that I must of given them permission to withdraw the money because they had my PIN.
With bitcoin I'm my own bank and the only way someone could steal my money is by cracking the password on my nano ledger, which with current tech would take over a billion years.
So I think I'll stick with BTC.
Flipping a carYour dad is a retard
I never list mine
invest in ETH or XMR.
This is a very tiny window to get inot crypto and then it's over.
Why are you passing this over?
t. goyim
the state/government always modifies and regulates it.
ALWAYS.The government cannot regulate crypto.
They can however regulate YOU.
buy ethereum