it's going to recover righti didn't waste all of my money rightmom??
sorry anon, we all learned something from this
yes it will...tonight will be bigger than last night
If it had stabilized around 0.34 I'd agree with youBut it didn't so you're fucked, especially with the difficulty adjustment coming on
it's going to recover to it;s rightful place in the sub 0.1 zone
I lost half my stack on this.
If this doesn't recover i'm going to off myself.
its only going to get worse from now on.
Get rid of those bags
I might accumulate around there again for Jihan's next 'flippening' pump
get the fuck out of bcash until the EDA
pump and dump round two.
get out while you are ahead.
i and many others will be dumping on this hot tatteryou have been warned
What the fuck were you thinking buying this shitcoin?
>difficulty adjustment>hard fork to attempt to save the coinThe writing was on the wall for weeks that not even the devs had the confidence that BCH would have the power to survive without help
those bags getting heavy?
BCH = shitcoin , normiecoin will rise again while bch becomes the chinks shill coin enjoy
You can't kill Bitcoin with some chinese knock-off.
Get fucked.
enjoy pussybtc to 12k by december
Man, it's a game, you agreed to have losses.
Accept it.
It hurts me too.
This shitcoin got pumped and dumped.
Now it is round 2, it is getting pumped to 4k and dumped back down to 3k.
After that another pump to 8k and a dump to 6k.Do not be involved in such a PnD coin.
Stay out.
ETH is a stablecoin for non pumpers.
i hope to god this is true, fell for the fomo yet again.
Satoshi is dumping his BCH, he found a way to cash them out without linking them to his identity.
You have been warned.Satoshi told me to tell you "fuck you bch,you die now,reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee."
Next time you won't listen to scammers when shilling you a coin
I've never seen such an obvious pump and dump in my entire life.
yes.
you need to buy more to prepare for the moon mission.
I doubled the amount of BTC that I have thanks to all this mess.
Feels good.
This and same.
Spent 800, cashed out when i doubled up, how could anyone have lost money?
It jumped from 300 to 800 to 1800 and now its at 1200, with plenty of dips/peaks in between.
Youre a retard if you lost money.
mfw Ethereum is the better product but BCC is the better investmentMoney beats compsci dweebs once again>STRAIGHT CASH HOMIE
>retards actually fell for a convict's scamcoin
"recover"It can't recover, because it didn't go down, it only corrected.It's hard to say, but it looks like the prices are stabilizing, for both BTC and BCH so my guess is it's not gonna grow much more in the near future or, at least it won't have a ridiculous spike like before.There may be a round 2, but I really doubt it will reach a new ATH, the hype is fading and people are being more cautious.
If this was manipulation (and there's a good reason to believe it was) they will most likely won't try again, they know the goys won't take the bait a second time just as easily.
With the current mining hashrate the difficulty will increase in 1d20h.There was false information spread about that
i wish i had money so i could play with you guys
Enjoy those heavy ass bags, you got pnd'ed real good.
XBC IS the truth and the light

This, desu.The pump was so obvious.
I thought it would peak a bit closer to the difficulty adjustment but when I woke up and saw how deep the first crash was I sold it on the bounce at 2k.Was just 6% of my holdings but still.
Feels good hombre.
Congrats on this.
Seriously.
@rogerkver @JihanWu @deadalnix we did it reddit!