>What do you mean you can't get a job?
Just walk in, ask to speak to the boss, and give him a firm handshake.
It worked for us!
Become a developer?
At least they will leave us their stuff when they die
They don't.
Trust me.
Man I fucking love boomers.
They have so much shit that they're always just willing to give away.
My grandfather spent like $5,000 getting me furniture and appliances for my new apartment, just because he felt like it.
My girlfriend's dad got me an expensive guitar because he knows I like to play.
Every time I hang out with my friend we go to his grandparents' house and they always take us out to eat at this fancy ass restaurant.
They're really kind and generous, if you stay on their good side.
Oh sweet summer brainlet.
The culture of the boomer is to literally piss away all assets in the final years of their life.
Grandma gets double pension.>Cheap rent.>Extra money from government as well.>Get $5 as a birthday gift.>Says her income isn't high enough to afford much more.
>Spends 800 on some egg arts and crafts shit and 400 on an iPad she doesn't know how to use.
Boomers have the most shit but always cry that they are poor.
I don't care if she gives out anything but don't give me your woe is me shit.
You're 28.
Why aren't you married yet, anon?
You don't wanna be lonely when you grow old, do you?
lmao
She probably just doesn't like you.
You were probably an asshole when you were a kid and she resents that she got stuck babysitting you.Treat your grandparents right
Hahaha ha she never did shit.
Babysat once then never again.
Always had to help her out with every little thing though.
Babysat once then never again.Holy shit what did you do to her anon
This is literally how I got my previous jobs.
Feels good to me a real man I guess.
>Walk into job I want>Boss is a woman in her 40's>Man in my 20's>Bounce between almost flirting and placing myself in the role of her son>Get the jobIt's almost like if you aren't autistic and you know how to read the interviewer you can get what you want.
This.
My grandparents live in a literal mansion but complain that they don't have enough to live on.
Your mom giving you a job doesn't count.
It's almost impossible to get a job nowadays without going through hoops of bullshit and H.R.
departments.
It's almost impossible to get a job nowadays without going through hoops of bullshit and H.R.
departmentsThen stop applying to those kinds of companies?
True, HR has stopped me from getting several jobs before because they're looking for things on a resume that nobody in their 20's has.
Fuck HR though, when the current crop of boomers dies off and there is nobody to replace them they will come scrambling back.>your momKek.
found the "day trader"
>unmotivated cryptoneets react with jealousy and angry when people more successful than them give them advice
and then they got exponentially promoted from the mail room to board of directors in the space of 10 years
lol.
boomer filth.
you give us oldfags shit, but getting a job even ten years ago was shitloads easier than now.
I recently applied and its an insane job market.
and if I didnt have a decade experience i would have had to have kneepadded up and worked my neck muscles to get ahead.
It's almost like if you aren't autistic and you know how to read the interviewer you can get what you want.this is what we call 'sociopathic behaviour'
This.
Wtf, Anon?
but getting a job even ten years ago was shitloads easier than nowProbably because1.
the recession fucked everything (thanks boomers)2. there are a bazillion more immigrants to compete for work (thanks boomers)3. automation has progressed (not boomers fault, but still fuck boomers)4. job requirements are getting ridiculous, even for entry level positions (thanks HR boomers and gen x hambeasts)
They are literally going to spend their entire life sayings and the value of their homes which have increased in value by 10000% on nursing homes to unnecessarily keep them alive from the ages of 80-100 and leave nothing because to the next generation because "kids have it easy and need to learn the hard way like me"
bazillion more immigrants to compete for work True, but many don't speak English, so they're at a disadvantage and many work jobs that most people here don't want to do.>job requirements are getting ridiculousDon't apply to those jobs.
No, stalking someone for weeks in advance of the job interview in order to get their psych profiel, and kidnapping and threatening the other applicants is sociopathic behavior.
What  describes is advanced human interaction skills.
and many work jobs that most people here don't want to do.Ah yes, the old lie to import infinite amounts of outsiders.