Why is this board obsessed with Chain Link?
Like literally every 10th post is about this coin.
I swear half of biz thinks its the holy grail of crypto while the other half think its a pajeet scam.
I have seen posts that say "I'm addicted to buying Link", what type of fucking investment is that ?
Its a suga cube brah
It is bitcoin all over again.
But instead of only 1 autist initially shilling there are 10.
anon remember4chan always winsthis thing is gonna go huge if its being memed this hard here
if you don't understand meme magic then don't invest.
/biz/ has only shilled three coins this hard in all of history - LINK, ETH, and BTC
well you guys havent been here long, remember not long ago when every other thread was a digibyte thread?
all the digibros were shilling it and talking about how it would be 10 dollars soon?
AND wtc
but digibyte is just another useless BTC cloneLINK has a use nothing else really has at the moment
Because a lot of people invested in this crap and lose a lot of money and instead of cut the losses they're still shilling it.
It’s perfect
Heres the difference:If you were here before may, and actually got into the dgb gravy train before 110 sats, you'd know, dgb only was starting to get shilled hard after it megamooned.
It had a 10 million market cap and went to 500 MILLION in just one month.LINK on the other hand.
It hasnt really mooned yet, unless youre a newfag and consider going to 50 cents is mooning.
LINK is a coin with such good fundamentals, it doesnt need to megamoon in order for there to be major shills backing it up.We shill the fundies, not the price
Kek wills it!
why did LINK even go up to 50 cents in the first place?did SIBOS really hype it up that much?
mmm i like buying linkit feels so goodmmm
I just wish link was available on Bittrex.
I'm too lazy/stupid to make a binance account.
It got up to $.64 ATH during SIBOS.Also what's this shit I hear about February, some shit Sergey's supposed to talk at.
WHY IS THEIR TEAM SO AUTISTIC, I JUST WANNA KNOW WHAT THE FUCK IS GOING ON!
some Ethereum dev thing I think
Just do it.
It is easy you lazy fuck.
This.>first mover>incomprehensibly large use case>works on multiple platforms and connects easily to legacy business tech>top level advisors>top level industry interest>solves a huge problem If it only had 2 of those things it would still be an exciting project worth following.
But it has all of them.
It's the most "sure thing" I've ever seen in this space
makes this post againrent free
It's very simple to make an account with, don't even need to verify unless you're making BTC withdrawals per day.
who cares a coin doesnt have to be good to moon all it needs something to push hype and all of the followers will pump the coin for ez money.
Considering this coin has so many followers just buy in right when rumors start about some big news and then sell for 10x and dump your bags on them.
I've reached my 50k collectionIt can now start mooning please!
Next stop, moonland
combinatinon of ICO hype and SIBOS hype.
one of the most promising use cases in all of crypto>mainstream smart contractssome of the most robust fundamentals in all of crypto>see white paperand then some of the very greatest exposure in the financial industry>Swift, AXA, Sony, BNP Paribas, Barclays, Santander, ... all directly involved in the project>and the project was mentioned by name by World Economic Forum, Gartner, Capgemini, ...Speaks for itself.
someone just dumped 500k LINK, while having putting up a sell wall of 400k LINK
what did he mean by this?
whales are accumulating> 2.19% is also good for trading
k wall on eth pair, 500k on btc pair
really scary trading this when the nigger whale just decides to pull the wall out
wasn't that of a more mockery nature.
Chainlink offers distributed smart contracts and its the next BIG thing in crypto.
Buy link
its a fucking scam theres 2 devs and the git is worthless
Fuck this guy is right.
Im buying more link for fuck sakes.
Faggot we are riding this gravy train till we have infinite lambos.
Faggots remember once link makes us all whales buy shares in what ever lambos use.
These fags are wayy to emotionally invested.
They flat out refuse to acknowledge that they are losing massive amounts of money.There was a deluded linkie the other day who legitimately convinced himself that chainlink was already trading at $2 because "theres no possible logical way that it could have stopped pumping!"
4441203thisyou buy a load of it, wait patiently, and get rich.
It's the closest to a sure thing as you're ever likely to get
post proof that swift even knows about chainlinkso far its just sergey claiming a "partnership", just like omisego claims "partnerships" with IBM and mcdonaldsthe dump of 1.3 million link just now shows that not even his team/"advisors" believe this scamcoin
Oh dear mateShows how little you know about LINK.The absolute state of you fudders
just stop it sergey.also >post proof that swift even knows about chainlink
post proof that swift even knows about chainlinkHaha what?
How about the presentation in the SIBOS toilets?
1.3 million sell wall.f-f-fucking FUD
44424834442505And?
Dude it was on the swift website everyone here seen it it was real hell Rory talked about it just today or yesterday.
a sell wall means Swift doesn't know about Chainlink
implying it doesn'tThe sell wall is obviously SWIFT selling off their LINK tokens after suddenly realizing they have no idea what they are.
he believes those walls are not just to prop up support/resistanceyou can trade under those big walls but it's incredibly risky as the whale can just pull it out anytime, like right now lmao nigger
whales begin dumping>giant sell wall>n-n-n-o were just the smart money, we didnt need the whales!lmaoing at ur life.
I hope sergey has the decency to send you idiots some actual chain links so you can kys.
Its the least he can do.
Products can go undervalued or overvalued for a long time.
https://www.sibos.com/conference/conference-programme/bridging-dlt-and-swift-messaging-smartcontractcom-innotribe-industry
legit lol'dIs this your first time watching the Link orderbook?This shit has been going on ever since Link hit Binance.
religious levels of delusion.
Stay poor faggot.
I'm a bot worried by this too, github seems kinda dead.
10xThe thing about LINK is it's either you lose most of your money or you 100x your money.
4442662I don't have any link but do you realize that shilling a coin here in /biz/ has literally NO EFFECT on the market cap of any +$10M coin?Shilling a coin on an unknown underground website like this is useless for even a remotely small market cap coin, anons usually are dong it because they actually believe in their investments.
I'm not saying they are right, just pointing things out.Spoofing maybe?
You always gotta check if the wall actually gets eaten or not.SWIFT knows about chainlink but anon has a point, there is no proof yet that they have an actual CONTRACTUAL partnership with anyone (and no slack screenshots don't count).
SWIFT knows about chainlink but anon has a point, there is no proof yet that they have an actual CONTRACTUAL partnership with anyoneYou should really just not open your mouth if you're this ignorant.Swift paid the team to spend a year developing a proof of concept for them, this was announced at last year's Sibos.This PoC is what was demo'd at Sibos last month.Pic is proof of at least one payment of 100k made to Chainlink.Chainlink was the ONLY outside crypto developer to be asked by Swift to develop and demo a PoC for them btw.
good shop and story for a shitcoin
I dumped 300k LINK earlier, no regrets
LINK!!
HURR DURR SIBOS!!!
Stfu bagholders
Look it up.Oh, and the demo had direct involvement from 5 major banks, including BNP Paribas, Barclays, Santander, ...And Sony/AXA have had a firewall smart contract for over a year now.These are all contractual agreements with major companies.
You don't have to be aggressive.I knew about the 100k for the demo (I thought it was paid out in 2016 though), but again this is very small funding and its a one time contract.
I'm not trying to undermine what you're saying, I'm just playing the devil's advocate because I'm actually interested into investing into link.
Read the whitepaper.
Check the fud and dyor>> get rich
4443381Gotta admit I forgot about this deal:https://create.smartcontract.com/#/contracts/317764c5bf532e8b33572b6e77ae2133Is there a way to see the other potential contracts, if there's any?Gotta admit I didn't read the white paper, I'm not especially tech saavy but I understand more or less the main purpose of link.I'm thinking about dropping €1k, money I'm ready to lose.
just like DGB!wait a minute..
We found one grom swift but they took it off, later they said it was from the demo but could be some kinda prolonging from what they allready had
% in link, makes me stress less cause I'm Almost certain it's a WINNER and i don't have to think about other coins mooning or dropping
Really Sergey you should stop shilling on 4chan and spend more time developing an actual product if you want to be taken seriously.
People not understanding what chainlink does or what SIBOS was about for them.
Then those people shilled it to even less informed people.
Paid shills.
Oh look, a Swedish poster posts a reddit screenshot.
I have seen posts that say "I'm addicted to buying Link", what type of fucking investment is that ?Hahahah, that was me.
You see kid, that's the way it is, once you *know*, you just knowI'm sitting on a winning lottery ticket that's gonna be available in 1-2 years.this, good to see you friendSecond Lieutenant Dan signing out
Lies, shilling started even before ico closed.
Its not shilling, its genuine excitment, just like when you fall in love and you can't stop talking about the person.
SERGAY I LOVE YOU!!!
4441074Fucking this.
Back when ETH was $7 reddit barely gave a shit about it, 4chan constant shilling is what got me to buy and make over 100k in profits.I'm feeling the same thing with Link.
I stored all of it on MEW and not even looking at it for some time.
buy nuls or stay poor forever linkfag
Bancor was another one.you dont hear much from these bagholders anymore.
also daily reminder that LINK has no use casethe entirety of biiz to this day cannot explain what its even supposed to do>inb4 MUH MAINSTREAM SMART CONTRACTSI tried to explain to you faggots many times now that we already do have mainstream smart contracts in form of trading algorithms.they move bilions every day and do just fine without muh decentralized oracleLINK is a useless shitcoin with zero utility
Have you ever taken a look at the marketcap of XRP at ATH?
A multi-billion dollar marketcap, for a token that doesn't even have one fucking purpose...Some with OMG.
It shows you how powerful banking world related hype is.Like always, you don't know if a project will succeed or fail, but you will never catch a real moon mission if you keep buying the news.
fuck yea,Lieutenant Dan would never fucking sell before $20
Looking forward to seeing your future promotions Daniel
link to 1k
Are you serious?
DGB was in the top 10 in terms of market cap at one point.
If you'd bought into the shilling here early you could have made 50x+.
If you'd held you'd still be up right now.And you're ignoring the most obvious difference between DGB and LINK: the latter actually has solid fundamentals.If we could meme a shitcoin like DGB into the top 10, just imagine what we could do with a genuinely promising project like LINK.4chan is strangely prescient with these things.
I don't know how it works but it's just how it is.
We're the early adopters on this one.
I know it sounds unbelievable, but it's true
4445043Also, just seen this thread This guy made lambo money off DGB
They just did a demo at Sibos, they're taken seriously by everyone except morons like you.
AHAHHAHAHA YOU DUMB???
?WE ARE OBSESSED WITH IT BECAUSE ITS THE NEXT COIN THAT WILL GO X100 YOU FUCKING FAGGOT.
THIS IS THE NEXT ETH AND EVERYONE THAT CAN FUCKING USE HIS HEAD HAS ALREADY BOUGHT INTO THE COIN.
TOP WALLETS ARE NEVER FUCKING SELLING YOU FUCKTARD WHAT DOES THAT SAY TO YOU??????
?HAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAA
linkies
 $.64 ATHWow, manAnd I thought I was a maximum retard for buying at 32c
there will be people crying and blaming others on this board in 2 years>why did you make a meme out of this, I would've bought
bought my first btc in december.
bought dgb at 72sats beginning of may.
(put in 0.5btc) could kms for not lurking on biz that time because i sold (i think it was around 720k dgb) for 110 sats.
because we all could get into the presale with shared urlsmade a fortunethx again
It's going to be a funny board if Link actually takes off.
The wojacks will be wonderful even if it only hits $3.
Binance > Shittrex
And Waves, this time last year it was everyday.
uhm it did takeoff?
this
How can you see top wallets holding LINK and the transactions they made?
Thanks anont.
computer illiterate
https://etherscan.io/token/tokenholderchart/0x514910771af9ca656af840dff83e8264ecf986ca
SWIFT
HCL technologies
Sony & AXA
REQ
Confido
Factom
Ari Juels - Professor as Cornell Institute with 20 years experience at RSA laboratories as a chief technology scientist.
named as MIT Technology Review "Innovator Under 35” and to Computerworld’s “40 Under 40” listAndrew Miller - Helped develop ZCASH and TEZOSEvan Cheng - Worked as senior manager at APPLE for 10 years and is now director of engineering at FACEBOOKHudson James - Developer at ETHEREUM for 2 years and worked at USAA as software developer for another 2 yearsBrian Lio - Head of marketing/product management at MICROSOFT
Smartcontract team worked with Microsoft on their Cryptlets project
Is that why price has dropped 75% from its ATH and is now nearly below ico price?
NDA's
4445937yes, exactly, it crashed and it's only going down from here, probably to half a cent, don't buy chainlink, buy bitbean or doge
also mentioned in this research paper from Capgemini.
On the official febelfin website: https://www.febelfin.be/en/smart-contracts-financial-services-getting-hype-reality
All of the images I linked show big interest from large companies and the product itself has ridiculously huge use cases which can really bring smart contracts into the mainstream.
Need I continue?
What is the roadmap for 2018Will the network be online by then?
I think people are waiting till they use the product.
Thought Sergey said something about 2 years?
Good information.
How much link do you hold?
k LINK.
The images I posted are just scratching the surface really.
I've spent more time looking into chainlink than i would EVER freely admit.
4445877444589644459124445935I'm pretty much all in but FUCK this makes me want to buy even more>When it rains gold, put out the bucket, not the thimble
LINK has crashed because it was overhyped, praised into oblivion before they even have something working.the idea is perfect but its not ready to adapt.Its not a stupid move to just buy an small amount and let it rot away in a cold wallet.I just bought 300 USD worth of it and alredy forgot about it, in a year or 2 i wil be happy i did so
what's your average buy price Major General?
Hate to admit I bought about 20k LINK around 30c.
Been really raking it in around 2000 sats (14c-16c) trying to catch the dips.
We all love link because there were a lot of us getting in early in the presale.
The community sense was really nice back then and basically anyone who got in then is in the green.
4446188also double dubs confirm link $50 eo2018pretty much same here, I'm about to throw my remaining 0.5btc and other shitcoins into LINK any day
I'm like 40% on LINK, should I buy more?
These things make me bullish as fuck but I want to diversify a bit.
With the LINKs I have if it goes to $10 I already made it.
etherdelta buddy
How much link do you have?
I'd say you need at least 150k to make it
k. If it goes to $10 I will have $700,000 and that's not counting my other holdings.
I only need about $1.5 million to fully make it and never have to worry about wagecucking.
depends where you livefor 3 worlders 50k is like 150 for first worlders and I think even that is more than enough to make it, unless you want to be the first one to make it on /biz/
4446321Fair points.
I also think around $2M to stop working but the tax considerations always get me...
I live in Europe.
The cost of a good house in my country is like $150,000 and the cost of living per year is about $15,000, can be as low as $7000 if you live alone and don't buy too much useless shit.So if LINK ever goes to $10, I will literally make it.
The best thing is that $10 would be just $3.5 billion market cap, which will be peanuts if the crypto market grows half as much as it has grown the past year.
I'm from Russia and hold 3k LINKIf it goes to $10 I'll be able to buy a flat in Moscow, which will set me for life.However, I don't feel secure about owning anything in Russia, so moving to civilised countries might be a beta idea
Aнoн, ты дeйcтвитeльнo вepишь в линк?
The best thing is that $10 would be just $3.5 billion market cap, which will be peanuts if the crypto market grows half as much as it has grown the past year.This, that's why I'm saying that holding LINK now is basicly like holding a winning lottery ticket behind glass vault that can be cashed out in 2 yearsWhen I started crypto I promised myself to alwys diversify my holdings and that's the only thing that keeps me from going literally all in on LINK, but I still will probably increase the stack considerably
4446396I live in Australia where a decent house is $500k and the government takes ~35-40% of any profits you make in your life.
I guess it's a nice place to live though...
Jesus fuckThis coin is a nuclear time bomb
Fella, I gotta tell ya that 2 yrs is a fud meme.2 yrs talks started after Devcon and I've watched Sergey's presentation.
Either I'm a shit listener or he never told anything about 2 yrs.Some ppl in corresponding threads used to point out he said nothing about timeframe, but just in case I kept posting about 2 yrs ever since.Truth is, LINK can shoot any minute now.
Member the time Binance listed it?
There were no announcements
Am about to invest plus feel free to donate sum link thanks, may the shekels be with you..0xf71486319607d40b225c1abb5631e93ffe9cff73
Crypto only goes towards Capital Gains Tax which is 10% of your earnings when you cash in from crypto to FIAT... as far as I know
Up to you m8.
I'm about 50% in LINK already and my only worry is that in the future I'll regret not buying more.
That said, who knows when this thing is going to take off?
It's probably best to be diversified for the time being in case there are other moon missions.
I'm not a fan of chasing pumps and daytrading though so there are worse things than going all in on what is almost a sure thing
Sergey said 1-2 years for a full APIs librarythey network will be up and running probably in early 2018that's why we keep talking about cashing out in 2019, becuase that's when shit will really hit the fanof course it will shoot straight to alpha centauri after the news come out, but that's gonna be only the beginning
In Australia CGT is taxed at your personal income tax bracket, so if you would normally get taxed 37%, so too would your CGT from crypto.
If you hold it a year however, you get a 50% discount i.e.
only half of your CGT profit is taxed.
what if you're a dole bludger?
Good point.
Aus tax is a progressive system.
In saying that though, when you cash out LINK it is likely it will be a considerable sum and be taxed quite high anyway.
just bought another 10k LINK - fomo from this thread is strong.
what's your rank rn my man?
Could I cash out enough to open a swiss bank account, deposit it all there then transfer it back?
After that purchase, sitting on just over 130k LINK.
Trying to build towards that 150k position I was talking about.
Will top up again this coming week should it dip further.
Think my avg is around 26 cents (maxed out ICO).
Transfer it back to where?
Your bank account?
What do you say to the gov when they ask where you got all the money from?
I < 3 waves
4446689you faggots are already rich AF, meanwhile I'm sitting here with my 5k link I bought for all of my life's savingsIf I make it with my 5k you're going to be billionaire
we all gotta start somewhere man.
keep working at it and building up your stack with money you can afford to lose.
I feel it's important to always question "if i lose it all today, will I be out on the streets?".
As long as the answer is no, you're all set.
you want to be the first one to make it on /biz/kek
Because we're all hodling and hoping for the best.
my brain is retarded, listen to me boyz!!
!