HUGE DUMP
HAHAH I bought BTC back up at the absolute low!
Thanks BCHfags.
Can someone tell me why SegWit is bad?
I get why big blocks are good but I don’t really get why SegWit is bad
It presents the opportunity to become a gatekeeper to the real blockchain, which would require you trust miners to not form cartels to increase fees.
implying mining pools aren't already cartels
which would require you trust miners to not form cartels>Mining pools aren't cartelsHAHAHAHAHAHA
one red candle>huge dumpYeah, no
4422823Yeah BTC and BCH are both trash due to the end result of how they are validated and upgraded always being consolidation of power.This is why The Flippening is the best thing that can happen to crypto because it will expose this flaw and in the end make both BTC and BCH die after BCH kills BTC.
The more it dumps the more I accumulate, BCH is the coin of the future.
It has a lot more potential than BTC, it has already toppled Ethereum, beat BTC's volume, and made every single altcoin bleed, THIS WITHOUT MANY BCH TRADING PAIRS YET
they are comin to neo boys
thanks for this seriously.that's a whale.he had to go afk to make huge dumpand forgot to set orders.
fix coming soon.also.. in a few months..buy clinkcash.i recommend 1400 no stop loss.
it has already toppled Ethereum
IT TOOK 9 YEARS FOR BITCOIN TO DEVELOP IT'S NETWORK EFFECT.
IT WOULD TAKE 9 YEARS TO UNDO IT FAGGOT.
STOP BEING A PLEB.
How long is this war between BCH and BTC going to go on?
He thinks first to market means market king forever
AAAAAAAAAAAAAEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
Or just 9 months of shitty decisions by devs
nigga network effect means nothing without hashratewe coming for your hashrate core cucksnovember 24th you are finished
Until BTC loses.
It's inevitable but depending on the resistance it might take some time.If it takes long enough then Ethereum will cuck them both after it goes proof of stake.
we coming for your hashrate core cucksThe moment BTC dies to BCH is the beginning of a huge era of uncertainty by normies in the crypto space and a lot of money is gonna leave for a while.
This isn't gonna end as nicely as you think it will
What's the loss scenario for BCH?
Gpu proof of work will cuck all others.
You think amd&nvidia will just sit and watch without having all the fun?
PoS will kill Eth
Proof of work is fucking ass and it needs to die
It wont go anywhere.
Its what makes crypto.
Gives the coins a support because of $/kW/h.
He thinks its overWe're just getting started fuccboi.
You DID buy the dip though, didn't you?
BCH is trash.
BTC actually has a future and coming innovations.
BCH is just sour grapes scammers circlejerking their brainlet coin.
BCash hereWhy are other cashies so immature, are all other cashies 14 or something?
If they can shame someone into buying into BCH that means more money for them.
Pretty simple reason
only way I see it is (((they))) keep dumping printed fiat into BTC to keep the price going parabolic up
You don't get why big blocks are good, because they aren't.
It only centralizes the problem and is only a short term solution.
Believe it or not, smaller blocks are the way to go, as more computers can participate in validating transactions that way,leading to a more decentralized network.
It only centralizes the problem and is only a short term solution.But anon don't you want the mining conglomerates to have more power?
they can be now without harm because they don't control the access to the blockchain.
The greedier the miners are the better the efficiency of the network
mb blocks centralise mining by less than 1% compared to a 1mb blockthere is a legitimate centralisation of nodes but this can be offset by introducing a node reward and moores law.
In any case node centralisation does not outweigh the high fees and slow confirmation times an arbitrary 1mb block gauranteesStore of value requires that people are confident they will be able to exchange bitcoin for other things in the distant future, does anyone believe that of btc?
Nah it could die in a week.
He's a moron for thinking something better will just come along though, public will be turned off of Bitcoin entirely and money will vanish forever.
Maybe some gov-coin would survive but that'd be even farther from what he wants than Bitcoin.Consolidation of power is inevitable when profit is involved, accept it.
public will be turned off of Bitcoin entirely and money will vanish forever.Didn't we all say that about Mt Gox?
And how many more people are going to lose out and be sour this time?
Bitcoin's userbase has exploded since then.
And this won't just be one exchange going under, it'll be all holders worldwide, private wallets and all.At the end of the day, the vast majority of people don't give a shit about decentralization, freedom, or transparency.
They're only in Bitcoin because they think it'll make them some money, and if they lose it and if the government takes the opportunity of confusion to move in and fuck everything up, the opportunity for a mainstream coin that even tries to represent some of those things will be gone.
It's spoiling a decent opportunity just because it's not a perfect one.And even if I'm wrong about all of that, mtgox was hardly a good outcome.
Bitcoin was dormant for years.
Do you seriously want that again?
muh flippening
Man, that'd be awful.Please draw me an optimistic scenario where BTC and BCH can at least coexist.
I'm a cashfag that moved on to BTC after admitting defeat and I'd like to sleep comfy.
you have no idea what you're talking about.
If there is money to be made normies will flock to it.
Everyone thinks theyre a winner.
Seeing obsolete blockstreamcoin replaced won't phase them at all.
he thinks blockstreamcoin has a future
your centralization argument is regurgitated shit.
well shit.
guess satoshi's vision wasn't just a meme
Only if BCC continues to fluctuate from .1 to .4 as a Chinese pump and dump schemeAny scenario where money starts leaving BTC for Cash, as opposed to Cash moving independently, is going to leave an unprecedented number of bitter bagholders behind who don't understand why it happened and will assume(legitimately) that there's nothing stopping a bunch of chinks from doing the same thing again.nomalfags don't see it as "blockstreamcoin"they see the first crypto, often the only one whose name they even know, suddenly going under because people kept forking it until one tookthat propaganda of yours doesn't even exist outside of r/btc and it's not suddenly going to be spouted in the mainstream places that got those fucks into crypto in the first placeno, they'll take that opportunity to scare everyone away deliberately because the government doesn't like the idea of crypto in the first place
Satoshi also shat on forks
DUMP YOUR BITCOIN CASH NOW IT IS CRASHING HAHAHAHHAHAA
The moment BTC dies the uncertainty ends.
There might be some brief pain but it needs to happen, Bitcoin growth has been artificially shackled for years now.
YUP IT HAS BEEN ARTIFICIALLY SHACKLED SO BCH IS NOW CRASHING DUMP WHILE YOU CAN AND PROFIT IT WILL GO LOWER
 who don't understand why it happened and will assume(legitimately) that there's nothing stopping a bunch of chinks from doing the same thing again.In that situation the reason they would be bitter bagholders is because they didn't understand what they bought.
Period.The system has always been predicated on the owners of the system being the providers of proof of work and working in their interests.Anyone who assumed they would quietly go along with having those interests compromised and is surprised by the present situation deserves to be poor.
And that's whether or not this is all "actually happening" and the sky may fall or not.
Stakeholders need to deeply understand the incentives of the system.
TULIP!TULIP!TULIP!TULIP!TULIP!TULIP!TULIP!TULIP!TULIP!TULIP!TULIP!TULIP!TULIP!TULIP!
There might be some brief pain but it needs to happen>BriefOh you have way too much faith in people not jumping out the moment shit hits the fan and staying out