Sure I'm a LINK holder.
Currently have held 100k since the ICO.But does it not fuck with your head in realizing Sergey and Steve sit behind their computer all day long... yet they can't even take a second out of their day to provide any sort of update?
How does that make any fucking sense at all?
It assume it comes down to three things.1.
They know their project is a gem and don't a shit about what happens.2.
They are pulling the greatest scam of all time.3.
They're very lazy and way behind schedule/created the ICO way too early.Could it make sense that out of nowhere a project comes out that tops LINK and is a competitor for the oracle problem?
Their marketcap will pull way ahead if all they do is communicate and produce weekly updates, it would simply leave LINK in the dust.
Seems to me Sergey is approaching this all wrong.
Oh wait just kidding Chainlink has a fucking SWIFT partnership, full updates + mainnet will be coming out soon and you're an idiot if you sell.
It'll blast off to 300m marketcap by Q1 2018.
1Bill my mid summer.
It's not a scam.
The dude is not a nobody, he would be at risk of getting in trouble with SEC if he was a scammer.He's kinda famous and very talented, the team seems lazy ssmfuck when it comes to give updates.
Hope this gets fixed with the marketing ppl they plan to hire (according to Rory).
why didn't you just sell the conference?
it's the most obvious fucking trade in cryptoyou bought the ICO, you already won but your trophy was confiscated because you were too dumb to make the SINGLE trade that always proves successful: SELL THE CONFERENCEyou can always buy back at 66% lower
3.
They're very lazy and way behind schedule/created the ICO way too early.this is my biggest worry that they are lazy fucks.
because Sergey reminds me of someone I know that is a total bullshitter

Everyone tho it could reach one dollar, I don't blame him
Sergey is alternating between eating Big Macs and snorting cocaine off of black BBW booty cheeks while Rory is furiously stroking his pencil dick in the corner.
That’s why all his “updates” trying to hide the fact that this project is a complete debacle are riddled with typos.
Steve is the only one trying.
He’s locked away in his moms basement trying to learn GO.
It’s such an obscure and asinine language that he can’t find the documentation he needs.
He’s about to snap.
He keep frantically calling Sergey.
Sergey only texts back, “new phone, who dis” and “32 million solves my oracle problem.” Get out
Is your friend a super smart chad programmer that won a contest at sibos 2016 tho?
Why do you think they’re registered in the fucking caimans dude?
noone actually thought it would hit 1$ rofl.
it's PoSW and DGB all over again, people just say that so you buy
Everyone tho it could reach one dollar,what is this peasant obsession with arbitrary numbers?
it has no place here other than to rope in more retards
I own 100k link but holy kekcan't breathe
weekly updates>updatesAdmit it all you linkies, that you want a quick buck.
Projects like these doesn't create themselves in two months.