Lets Make this coin beat its brother!
Calling it now,$1500 by tomorrow
This is exactly why I am currently selling.
Sweet profit is to be made.
Cant wait till coinbase has to cough up all that BCC January 01, 2017
Good thing it aint januaryFomo is all that matters in this game and its pointed at bcc
it's dumping retards
had a short refuel at 13600 but we are coming back to moon :)
+44%>dumpingdeluded
see you at moon pleb
70% of volume coming from 1 Korean exchange .
.
.
Hummmm
kys retard
all hail korean
guys bch is going to the moon, the flipening is finally happening.
pic unrelated
Has more fuel prob 1.5k
it's brother... LOL.
this is the REAL bitcoin.
Time to JUST it's brother back to it's place.
BTC must fall
this desuif you are a faggot who haven't rebought at 920 you deserve to be poor
if you still don't believe the moon mission your only future is living in dumpster
Realistically, how high do you think it will go in the upcoming 2 week?
i doubt i will reach 2k
bch/bcc fucking averaging at 950 dollas while btc is rising again 6710 last checked.. what the fuck did you make me do guys... i just wanted to ride the 10ktrain
and down goes fucking bch again... back to 800 soon
AAAAAAAAAA guys it's going up again isn't it?
Grab some popcorn and enjoy $1500
what does this chart mean?
Probably nothingIs this shit recovering yes or no?
it keeps dropping im getting justed
nope.. i bought at 890 expecting 1100+ and its burning down now while btc is going up or atleast maintaining.. is it safe to sleep over this shit?
MAKE IT STOP
was planning on doing exactly that but my omg sell order wouldnt fill so thought fuck it, thank god for that.
I bought at 1k lolGot stuck bagholding I guessCan't sell
Get out while you can or become an eternal bagholder anon.
Jump into XLM asap which has been mooning for an hour now.
Its already more than Bitcoin was at the beginning of this year.It took Bitcoin 1 month to reach from $1000 to $3000 (from May to June this year)You can expect the same to happen to BCH, except even faster if the old BTC starts to lose its value.
i'm never jumping into anything thats mooning... chances are that it's already mooned and by the time I get there I will just get shat on and left with some unknown XML shit.. atleast BCH will moon again tomorrow..
at least BCH will moon again tomorrowHow do you know this
He doesn't.
He an obvious moron who doesn't even know what XLM is.
The LAST thing you should do is a take a complete noobies advice - your call anon.
i dont.
the jew whales are having too much fun i guess.. they gonna milk sand outta bch tits
or maybe this is what the jew whales do.. moon one shit for a while.. shill like hell.. then dump when price high.. then move to some stale ass shit, which they bought like 99 mil of for a shilling, making it moon and so on..
There's no doubt price manipulation.
This is why XLM is a safe place right now - it's LITERALLY partnered with IBM.
It has inherent value.
BCH is just another bitcoin - there's like a million of them.
sorry babe there's only one king, and the crown is being fought over as we speak
newbie so don't know anything about XLM.. i'll check it out.. but what i said before.. is it possible for a couple of whales to do that?
isn't that like a great strategy to get a couple of your friends together and start pumping shit and then cash out quickly when/if price goes high enough?
this is what the letter PnD mean when you see them, pump and dump, of course it's a great way to make money if you're in control of the timing, but you won't be and don't trust anyone who tells you they're bringing you along for the ride with complete information about timing
It depends on market cap - if there's like a 15 - 100 billion dollar market cap then price manipulation becomes difficult.
On smaller coins you see direct manipulation.
What is happening with BCH is a much larger situation with Chinese miners all pointing their mining rewards at BCH rather than BTC to drive the price up and then they sell all the BCH they mined for huge profits.
People on the BCH train need to be very wary right now.
I just made so much money dumping this shitcoin to Roger + Jihan + comichink central bank + 4chan retards.
Best trade ever.
what if one sets up a small office with employees just to do this shit?
Probably still too high risk compared to what else you could do with a small office of highly disciplined snipers with fat stacks behind, or maybe it exists I have no idea.The coin trades subject to manipulation can only tolerate so much successful pump and dump though, how much that is I have no idea.
Why tf would anybody sell?
This is going to be the new Bitcoin.
This bitch is going up to 5k boiz lets gooooo
I only have 0.00010485 bch.
If I hold onto it what is the chance of me making cash off that small amount?
No youngin listen here.
The whales didn’t sell all their BCH like you small coin holders did they are not stupid.
Their is a bitcoin cash for every bitcoin and if everyone sells bitcoin (which is what’s happening now) for Bitcoin Cash the price will double.
Get ready to be rich boyz
what did you buy for?i think this batch gonna go up till 1020-1080 max before dump
I basically went on CoinPot and I converted evreything to Dogecoin and then to BTH.I'm considering going on CoinExchange and selling everything I have for Dogecoin and then sell those Dogecoin for Bitcoin to buy more Bitcoin Cash with while it's still low.Thoughts?
I'm basically just fucking with investing atm with this faucet shit.
I have like literally a dollar here for a portfolio.
4291872Actually no, I wouldn't make enough BTC from selling everything to even do the transaction on CoinExchange.so I guess I only have that small amount of BCH.
:LBeing jobless a shit.