So when is the BTC revenge pump?
Soon.
pump with what money?do you think anyone has something left?this is it folks.
we are all in and we will go down with bitcoincore
BTC need to reach 4500 before going to 12500.So prepare to get in at sub5k.
Tomorrow night or early Monday, everyone shilling BCH atm is wave riding, myself included until a few hours ago when volume seemed to be decreasing, we all know this chinkcoin wont surpass it, made my gains, now to watch the pink wojaks in the upcoming week, comfy as fuck.
I am the Cash Whale and shall thwart your efforts.
Cash shall not crash.
BTC and BHC will meet & greet at $4k.
When BCH makes it to 5 digits BTC has already fallen to single digits
Wait for the mining difficulty to lower a bit more.
Right now it's more profitable to mine bcc.
Once bcc's difficulty climbs miners will move back to btc and the market should go along.You need to understand that the only reason bcc pumped is because there's a lot of people who bought btc in hopes of getting free b2x.When the segwit 2x was canceled people started putting their btc money on bcc.Right now it's up to the market to decide.
But as soon as bcc starts losing momentum people are gonna move that money back to btc.
And as soon as bcc's mining difficulty becomes higher.
Miners will move back to btc aswell since it's more profitable.I'd give it two weeks for btc to start pumping again.
Prepare for a floor of about 5800$ if it breaks it's current buying pressure at 6400$.
After that, there may be a rush to 8000$
good luck pumping a coin that can't process transactions

My corporeal form is prepared.
Look.
The newfag who bought bitcoin yesterday and comes here to post useless shit a dead memes without actually contributing something to the discussion.
Gl carrying whatever shitcoin bags people here convince you to buy.
Buy some RDD's streetshitter
He's right, you know.
TetherUSD, duh.
What else do you think it is for?But then, they just printed $30m worth and btc keeps falling.
Hmm...
The mining profitability will only be there for a few days.
They have their eda 2 days after and it will flow back to bcc
Money from dumping chinkcoin, where else?
I don't know about that.
I mean.
If the price doesn't adjust to the difficulty then bcc will become unprofitable to mine and miners will move back to btc, along with the rest of the market.
In a day
Monday, dumbasses
Given you are certain that BTC makes a big return, what's the best plan?
Would alts even drop now if money returned to BTC?
They already dropped at the beginning of this fiasco.
And the money from the alts is in BCH right now.Is fiat the only way here?
The cycle is simple, during each pump a lot of people are FOMOing and making account of gateway platfoms, but they platform requiring ID and most people finish their account once the pump is over, full of angst and regret for not being able to buy in.Those people are your fuel for the next pump after the dip, along of course with people putting their monthly salary into digital gold.BTC could collapse sure, anything can collapse, but since the competition of BTC is a bunch of jew-owned centralised messes, like BCC/BCH, i wouldn't count on it.
What I meant is - how can I profit if I assume BTC is making a big return and bitcoin cash crashes?Is it safe to assume the alts would dip even more once BTC surges again?
Would it make sense to sell alts for BTC now or would the money from BCH flow into the alts again therefore the only move is to hold or buy more with fiat?