I am starting with Ichimoku so this will probably be a dumb question.So or I did not setup this shit correctly or Teken and Kijun behavior completely different on different timeframes and this confuses me a lot.For example, this is the lines for NEO-USD on a 4h timeframe.
It has a good prognostic for day 23
And this is the prognostic for 1 day timeframe, it looks like shit on day 23...
wtf???
It is not the complete opposite?
4477090These are my configuration.
Lines are lead1 and lead 2 only btw..
neo is very clearly in a ranging market so ichimoku is ineffective.
It's extremely obvious when you look at how often there is a cloud flip in the past few months on 4 hr.
I'm not sure what your question is since I dont even see the TK lines on your chart.
Either way, you dont use ichimoku in ranging markets.
PSSSS this fucking thread is so stupid, why are you using TA for this hyped up pump are you stupid?
This is crypto you don't use TA or the stupid useless tools on charts, its all useless garbage.
Because TA tells you when the pump is about to start and when to get out before the dump.Genuinely don't know whether people here are anti TA because they don't want the market to get more competitive or because they're actually that fucking stupid.
This is a game and TA tells you what the rules are, how to play, and how other people are going to play in response to the moves you make.It's a hell of lot better than making memes about skateboards, and stinky linky bathrooms, deluded arkies, and "muh ethereum of china" or "muh small marketcap easy 10x guise".Especially for gtfo'ing out before a parabolic dumps for a month.POWR's been out for a few days on Bittrex and if you just listened to some of the TA fags here (hell I posted a screenshot myself) you could have gotten out before the dump that occured.
I got out at 9k sats, I used no TA I knew that it would rebound somewhere from 8-10k sats.
I need no TA, I made an easy 200% gain from it.
Once again TA is useless.
You looked at a chart and made a decision on when to buy and sell.
Even if that's all intuition that falls under the umbrella of technical analysis.
Hey kid let me let you in on a secret, no one here actually knows shit about crypto and ta.
Just follow the squiggly, if it's near the cloud buy if it's over it.
Watch the cloud
I use uzumaki clouds too.