Jesus Chris I nu-/biz/, I'm sure people are gonna start calling me out about how /biz/ was always retarded but holy fuck I actually spend so much of my time here because I can't sit through conversations with normies without getting fucking triggered by how naive they are, only for /biz/ to get roped in just as easily.Break this shit down by motivation, do you think if Roger Ver had been planning this grand BCH pump, the big 'flippening', he'd fucking announce it, he'd fucking make these big traceable transactions, letting everyone know he's gonna go 'balls deep' on BCH, thus tipping everyone off to buy BCH before he does it?
You're fucking dumb, he wants you THINK that's what he'll do, actually announcing his decision is the same as George Soros pre-announcing he's gonna short the pound.
You guys are all being fucking gas-lighted, Roger Ver just wants to increase his BTC stack before BTC becomes truly big and he knows this is his last chance.
You guys are being played like a fiddle, if Roger Ver was gonna dump BTC and go into BCH he'd do it completely unpredictably.
Jesus christ guys use your BRAINS, if someone wants you to think something, ask WHY they want you think that thing.
I swear nu/biz/ is full of these normie retards that take everything on face value.In the last 24 hours I've seen posts asking what the fuck a difficulty adjustment is and what hashrate is, you guys really should go back to plebbit, it's more your speed.>muh fucking pastebin leak
Roger Ver>Roger Ver>Roger Ver
The biggest problem with BTC is even if you're a BTC whale, you can't increase your BTC stack.
Imagine you have 10,000 BTC, that's worth 70 million USD, but even though you have 70 million USD, your net worth is tied to the value of Bitcoin, so if you want to increase your BTC stack to 11,000, you have no way of doing it.
These people understand FIAT is a dinosaur and BTC is gonna become so fucking big, they know that they can't increase their BTC stack without somehow spending and investing their existing Bitcoins, but when you have that many Bitcoins you can't just invest in alt-coins or the stock market because you'll never make gains fast enough to outspeed the growth of BTC and you can't exit an alt coin with that much monetary volume without crashing the alt coin.
The only way to increase BTC stack is to create this imaginary 'war' with BCH and have a bunch of newbies chase your claims, thus lowering BTCs value and creating enough volume for you to successfully arbitrage and increase your stack.
You have no comprehension of the economics at stake here and how you're being swindled.
Your first post was good, this one is shit.>suppose 10k BTCOk; this man has 70 million USD.
Walk into your fucking neighborhood bank and put 1 of those 70 million down and ask for a loan.
Open a fucking kraken account.
There are a million and one ways to leverage against your BTC to acquire more BTC.>create imaginary war b/w BCH and BTCThis is correct but has nothing to do with acquiring more BTC; it's the reverse.
It's to get more fiat and reduce his average buy-in price on his existing BTC pile while stirring up controversy to bring in the last wave of normies into this dying bull run.
at this point its all about control, not money.
the money will come but he wants power
And yet here wer are 6 hours later, and only 6 hours away from the hard fork, and the 1000 USD buy walls are still as strong as ever.This will be the last 6 hours of your life that you will ever be able to buy bitcoin at 1000 USD.
tail end of a bull run>peak normie awareness of bitcoin & crypto - see the big bang theory>anon says "this is the last time you'll get it this cheap"Wanna know how I know this is gonna crash?
this.
He's already a billionaire
Jesus ChrisOh I'm laffin'
This is where you're wrong, sure if you're a billionaire investing in the 20+ trillion dollar stock market you can get leverage, but Roger Ver has by some estimates 3-5% of all circulating bitcoins, if he wanted to double his position no one in the world could offer him enough leverage to do so.
No firm has the liquidity to pay him and every other leveraged position in the event of a rise in BTC.
This is what I'm trying to explain to you idiots who've never opened a book on economics, the whales in BTC have such a high proportional amount of circulating BTC that it becomes statistically increasingly difficult to increase their holdings.
Plus a leverage position would be a huge gamble considering crypto volatility, this whole BCH FUD is guaranteed to increase Jihan and Ver's stack.I can promise you that the number one thing on most billionaires mind is how to get more billions.1000 USD buy walls are still strong as everI love you BCH shills, you constantly change your number, in a week you'll be saying 'the 600 USD buy walls are strong as ever!
'The truth is /biz/ really thinks they're on a hot tip from some of the most influential and rich people on the planet, the 1% of the 1%.
This is equivalent to taking stock advice from Mark Zuckerberg, as if he's acting in your best interest.
if he wanted to double his position no one in the world could offer him enough leverageWrong.>liquidity to pay himThat's not how it works.
To close a leveraged buy, you have to sell.
The proceeds pay him.>idiots who've never opened a bookKek.>it becomes increasingly difficult to increase their holdingsOf actual BTC.
A leveraged position gives them all of the gains of holding actual BTC without having to do so.
There is no point in them actually increasing their real holding of BTC because that stifles growth.
If one guy holds all 21 million BTC, they're worthless.
Go to firm, open a 100x leveraged position with 210,000 BTC deposit.>BTC goes up 100% in value>Firm now owes me more than all the bitcoins in existence.You are an idiot who has no idea how leveraging works and should stay away from crypto.
They don't owe you 42 million BTC, they owe you the dollar value of 42 million BTC.
Idiot.
And good luck closing 210,000 BTC at 100x leverage and keeping your gains.
I think he is right.
This was an operation to get more BTC.Whether that is to further manipulate BTC or because BTC will be king I don't know.
Congratulations, you just fucking proved my point, if you have 500k Bitcoins and you want to get to 1MM bitcoins, it's a lot harder to fucking do it with leveraged positions than with a BCH pump n dump.