Bitcoin topped $1,000 in January 2017 and will top $10,000 in January 2018 easily.
My face when it will 10x again for January 2019
There will be some epic dips on the way..
>only started crypto this week
Has it only been 12 months?
damn
We have comparable faces after I joined these guys, definitely helped me get up to speed and gains on this journey without them I'd be no one... https://discord.gg/tdNw5Vp
You forgot about the biggest gainer in 2018.
#4CHNallday
Nah, it's a bubble.
Don't worry though just keep your money in Bitcoin you'll be able to pull out in time.
and every single month you'll see BTC obituaries on /biz/.
Kek.
BTC is king.
Hodler master race will need strong hands
it's a bubble.t.
Literally fucking everybody, since 2011
Some of us will curse themselves for not liquidating more assets to buy Bitcoin when it was still cheap and not even five digits
please guys, take 5 seconds of your time to report these spammers
it's still risky thoughAnd in 2011 this was basically like collecting bottlecapsThe only reason some are rich now is because they forgot they mined a bunch when they came out.Nobody really could have expected it to take off like this.Will it reach 1 million and nobody now could even expect it?
some people think it's possible
What risks do you see?
CME?
CME, Tether, Coinbase hacked, Miners decide to stop mining, I don't knowThe chances that BTC will be worth $0 next year is not 0, that's what I mean.Very low chance, but still, not risk free
I would give stock market crash better odds.
Imagine some of that money escaping into Bitcoin :3
Enjoy fictional gains on this meme that literally cannot be cashed out.
That's a basic wojak.
What you need is a PINK wojakCAN I GET AN AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Quality /biz here
is it smart to get in now?
but it's real huge bubble.
The price of Bitcoin is rising so rapidly that soon it's already more expensive than an average car.
Next year this time it already buys a Tesla :)