When will you core faggots accept that your bitcoin is dead.
Its in freefall and will be sold for single digits by EOY.
Sell your BTC now!
I will buy them off you in exchange for BCH, but only as a massive favor to you, because we're bros.
Just sold 100k and bought BCash.
lmao BCH bagholderswhen will you learn to recognize a P&D scam???
thank fuck i got out at 0.4
BCH is going to moon tonightwatch this space.
looks fine to me lol
BTC came down in price and is still more profitable to mine
explain
i'm holding bch bags at 0.23 and am seriously worried that all this mooning bullshit might be a hoax since the koreans are dead now and china shut it down, and even if it does moons it wont be nearly enough to withstand the sell orders and many will miss it or sell low.
is there any site where you can view two different charts on the same graph?
https://www.multicoincharts.com
I traded in my free BCH from the summer fork for a comfy .26 BTC.
Feels pretty gud.
I don't really believe that the pump was normal Korean citizens.
I've read that the big chinese miners are using Korean exchanges, which makes more sense.
The sheer volume during the pump seems impossible to come from normal investors.
thanks man
/10
dead>most used crypto >up $5,800+ from last year (827%)BCH is just a shitty altcoin using the Bitcoin name to market to dumb faggots like you BTC could be worth $0 and I'd still pay you $100 for it
OP here.
Cannot tell if 1D, 2D, 3D, or 4D trolling; or a genuine fucking clown.
didn't china ban bitcoin and didn't bithumb get screwed over because of the dump?
do you think they will pull another stunt like that tonight?i agree with you i only got in to make more btc but got too greedy.
BTC could be worth $0 and I'd still pay you $100 for it
Store of value
store of fucking nothings
putting morality and ethics aside, isn't the corecuck team winning so far?
what makes you think that THIS time will be different?
the fork didn't change shit.
you just want to see bag holders get justed again don't you?
Maybe i am biased but i feel like more and more people have enough of the arrogance of the BTC people.
Doesn´t matter how bad BTC has become they will defend it anyway
arrogance > jealous greed
Post yfw you realize this is an elite plot to separate fools from their BTC
i suspect this too.. whales playing both sides swiping money left and right probably doesn't matter to them which coin comes out on top or even if they fucking destroy crypto in the process as long as they cash out with their retirement fund.
The way I see it, money equates to worldly power and the demographic that surfs /biz/ and 4chan in general would become a NIGHTMARE for the current establishment if they gained significant wealth and.... worse yet... started working together and using it to change things.
In a matter of a few short years we could undo the damage that has taken them generations to cause.
Because the death of S2X was the straw that broke the camel's back.
People who have seen the idiocy of the scaling plan for three years now finally accepted that no, there really is no compromising with core, or talking any kind of sense into them whatsoever.
Nothing short of outright secession is going to fix the scaling debate.
And so here we are.
And this time everyone who isn't a hundred percent on board with core's insane and self serving ideological nonsense opposes them.
Which appears to be most of the people that have a clue what's actually going on.
Dumb money is a bunch of demonstrably idiotic and incompetent hijackers transparently working against the interests of holders, backed by squads of propagandists and useful idiots that feel for their nonsense.
Smart money is literally everybody else.
This time these fucks are going down permanently.
we could undo the damage
>price of bitcoin is influenced by its long-term potential which is dependent on additional layers of infrastructure>BCH lacks this potential because it retains transaction malleability and has fewer and worse devs>A flip would crash price because of lost confidence in crypto as a secure store of value, and because of lost potential>nobody wants this>Be now>BCH fuckery limits the extent to which the future potential of BTC is 'priced-in'>BTC implements additional layers of infrastructure>price rises in line with implementation not before>resulting price-stability fuels adoption>antifragile
I've been in BTC since 2010and I'm so fucking sick of core fucking this up for us.
For at least 4 years now people have been saying that we need to implement real scaling solutions BEFORE it becomes a problem.
Hell, even 2 years ago the core devs were saying they supported block size scaling as a solution and were considering implementing it in the short future.
I don't give a fuck if they're going to integrate LN, that's at least another year away.
And it's not like they haven't had time to think of a solution, this has been discussed endlessly for at least 3 or 4 years now.
I really hope BCH cucks core, I'd rather Jihan and his chink army control the network than the inbred fuckwits who have basically ignored these issues for years and years.
I'm in the same position as you.
Think something will happen sooner or later.
I just set a stoploss at .15 and have been watching like a hawk.
What I'm trying to say is that I'm not fucking selling.
neither am I. but i was thinking of trying to flip it a few times between btc:bch when one is high and the other is low and buy back bch in the end at low.
but not enough movement going on and I have justed myself previously while trying to do this.
>the year is 2026>bitcoin cash has retained 57-83% market dominance for the past 6 months even though its fees have begun to skyrocket and the transaction times are taking days>bch developers and miners cannot come to consensus on updating blocksize or adding second layering >a challenger appears >Bitcoin Credit is forked off of bch by community devs and defected bch devs>transaction times and fees are almost non existent>bch is cornered as people are already dumping their assets for Bitcoin Credit, at this point faith and trust are broken hardforking to solve problems now won't do anything>on a Tuesday morning of June 9th bch sets off multiple bombs at known Bitcoin Credit mining/node operation locations >so begins the 1000 year crypto hyper wars
b-buy my shitcoinsYou got chinked, deal with it
LOOOOOOOOOOL, I am comfy with BTC.
I don't have to make posts to tell people who is the real bitcoin or make threads for people to buy bitcoin.
People know already.
Happy neverending bagholding anon.
You got Jihaned, Verned and chinked.
They have your money now.
They dont want that all 0.1 BTC holders become multi millionaires in the next 10 years.
Im not selling.
Lol.
He actually believes this.
Lol.
Stay poor.
lol.
Hope you dont forget this thread in 10 years when i park my 3d Lambo on top of my french castle which is only one of my many properties.
Store of semen
Literally meLost about 15% of my assets, got the fuck out asap
denisa brezdova aka gina B aka heather wildalso known as Sarah on foxycombat.she only did lesbian porn and metart type shit though.
m̡̪̣̠̳ͣ̄̋a̴̧̝͇͍̜͇̙͐͊̉y̰̖͎ͮ͂̂̈͑b̡̜̫̆ͧ̊̂͑͞ḙ̢̨̬̹̘̬̭̠̾͋̂̾̒ͦ͒̇ͅ ̼̼̞̹̦͉̳̻̠ͫ̓ͮͩͮͮͦ́͛͡Í̵̷̶̼̟ͮͫ͑ͧ'̡͖̱̞̰̬͖̩̜ͨͬ́̀m̸̛̺̟̖͓͖ͦ̽̌̈͑ͬ͗́̚ ̸̱̦̫͍̞͈ͯ̈ͤͫc̸̡̠̬͔̺͑ͣr̵̩̳̦̗̰̜̋̊͂́ͤ̉̕a̸͖̙ͤ̀́̾̑̃ͣ̂z̢̧̺͕̍͆̑̋ÿ̙͚̫̹̘̜͔͖͆̽ͅ.̵̩͓̠͒̈ͭ̈́ͮ̾.̷̱̂͌̑͌.̨̯̗̗̰͂.̪͖̪̞̖̠̌̃̀ͅ.̵̧̘͉̞͖̖̺ͤ͑̈͆̒ͨ̍b̧͕̙̻̟̖͔̦̙̊̌̀ͦ̾̋́̚͟u͕ͤ̋̌͛̂ͤ̊t̴̛̰͍͙ͮ͗́͆ ̧̙͙̙̪̓ͣͦͬ͘͡I̷͕̺̘͚ͤ̿͂ͫ͊'̱͈̗ͤͬ͑͜͠m̙̥͌͒ ̧͉̦̼͚̬ͦ̓t̵͕̠ͨ́̄͝r̩̱͕͍͈̟̗̊ͮ̊ͣͫ̓ͧͧ͝͞a̳̤̖͗̓ͪ̎ͤd͓̣̠̜̭̹̞̯̈̑̚i̶̙̪̼̺͓͐͌͊̐͆͌͆n̴̷̫̻͊g̴̢͓̣̜͙̬̈́̊͋͛̚ ͓̻͚̟̼̫̗̫̝̓̓̎ͨB̰̮͉͕̪̟̰̂͂ͪͪͣͣ̆̕Ţ̸͉͓͍̳̯̬̒̇̓͜C͇̆͋ͧͣ̉̂̕͞ ̶̺͈̙̺̦̽̄̑̂̏ͯ̐̆ͅA̙ͭ͌͝ͅN̵̛̥͇̞͍̮̻̎ͣͮͬ͒D̪̺̯͇̣͎́̌ ̧̥͍̫̖̙͉͚ͫ̄B̝͇̯̞̔ͤ́́ͣͤ̽Ṱ̡ͮ̎̄͐̉͡ͅH͚̺̜ͦͪ̿͛̓͑ͯ̐̚ ̩̦͒͢A̶͎̬̼͇͋͐͢N̥̽̄́Ḏ͈͙̪͑͂͂̀͋͢ͅ ̤̟̹͈̯̎̊̾̽ͣ̇̒͐̚ļ̴̪͖̖̍͗ͫi̸̩̟̦̼̮̙͚̮ͮ̓ͬ̇͒k̵͔̥̹̖̖̜͂̌̈́ͦ͂̓ͣe̵̘̼̙̙̩̦̘͌̇̏́̓,̫̪̥̣̗̖̳̀̿̃̒̊͆̂ͩ͝ ̛̜̌̐͑̌6̨̭͙̖͗̂͛͋0̜̫̯̭̼̖̪̇̒ͦ̇̈̃̽͘͘͟ ̧͇͎̜́̏ͬ̍̀o̵̹̞̻̐̆̿̆̿ͦ̂̔t̶̵͖̞͛ͨh̢̝͖̱̓ͤë̸̝̝͖̯͓͚́͛ͪ͂̐̂́͜r͇͇̼̍ͯ ̟͍̮̦̺ͮ̍͗ͬ͘c̪͉͍͋̆̀̐ͨͨ̍͢o̢̞̗̩̩̞̬͖̗ͮͣͭ̽͆̄ī̧̦̗̖͍͂̌ṇ̻͈̽̄̃̾ş̻̪̼̉̌ͦ̀̌͞!̸͚̹͕̦̰̩̰͌̑͒̾̔ͧ͠ͅͅ ̗̯̔<̷̩͆̔͐ͮ͂́ͣ͑ͮ3̨͖̰͚̗̩͔͒ͦ̇ ̝̪̩̻͔̳͉̩͕̋̑̋͋<͙̬̔̔̒ͦͭ͊͐͠3̦̖͓̘̪̮̣ͨ̉̑͗̄͐͢ ̸̤͈̠͔͖̬͔̰͊̿̾̂̓̽̐́≮̵̛̗̺́̉̾ͭ̌̏3̢̩̟̓͂
teach me your secrets please