
Why do people keep falling for this?It's the same stupid shit every time.
OP comes in with a sure fire investment win and goes on about it mooningString of short replies thanking the OP as if anyone here had any manners or were grateful for anything ever.
We should have country flags on this board tbqh
"hidden ED gem 10x" is the new "ICO no one knows about"
I didnt get JUST'd cause i knew it was a scam when i saw 40 cent shitcoin that costed 2 cents in ICO.
all i did in that thread was insult pajeet OP and warn people
i had not slept and bla bla(excuses) so now i lost all my life savings :(((
lmaoIf you think it's a scam you don't know shit about crypto.Come back in 3 days after it had 3x from current price.
stop panicking and wait for token burn on 19th.
There is a number of whales manipulating the price on ED, trying to make people panic sell
This.Brainlets don't realize that the current market cap is 3 mil dolleridoos at best and after the burn there will only be 14 mil urf left.
literally fell off a cliffthis looks like a great time to buy inanyone know what the circulating supply is?
total supply is pretty fuckin high
I can't access ED atm...
I would be buying ton of this shit at such low price, but why am I telling you this, you probably panic sold it to the whales
country flagsfucking this pls im sick of pajeets SICK
They're burning huge chunk of tokens on 19th.
It will be 1,440,000 tokens after that
>shitty website>shitty whitepaper>no mention of the teamclassic pajeet shitcoin, kys if you fell for this.
They're burning huge chunk of tokens on 19th.
It will be 1,440,000 tokens after that
Please please please...Take a ss of your own words, put it on a wall and come back to UPF thread in a week.
Please.
Got any actual arguments?
- communicated with the devs over email and they were very proffesional and helpful- similar project SIA has a Mcap 135,117,546- similar to utorrent.
Tokens are used for movement of files across the network- after token burn on 19th, the marcet cap will be very low from $250,000 to $500,000