Redpill me on tether.
Is it a scam or legit?
Legit scam
Scam legit
No one knows..
It's a scam.
Yes it is but that does not matter because BTC is built on scams anyway.
Everyone remembered wilybot/mtgox crashing the price but not everyone remembered how it's them that made btc exponentially increased the price.
Mtgox increased the price of bitcoin to 1000x, crashed it back to 500x.
Everyone remembered the crash but not the gains.
it's safe to use on exchanges.
unless it happens to be revealed as a scam while you're holding it and its value plummets to 0.Basically, the suspicion around tether is because they actually don't have to prove every tether is backed by 1 usd.
everyone is operating under that assumption.
Something would need to happen to convince people otherwise.
https://omniexplorer.info/lookupadd.aspx?address=3MbYQMMmSkC3AgWkj9FMo5LsPTW1zBTwXLthey're printing tethers out of thin air lmao
Absolute scam
you know they were audited rightlmao
this
audited
audited
correlation does not imply causationfedora_tip.jpg
audited
Blatant scam.
It is shocking that so many people are too dumb to see it.They claim that they will exchange 1 USDT for 1 USD - however, the terms and conditions state very clearly that they are under no obligation to do so.
Let that sink in - the T&Cs state that they do not need to give you back your money if they do not want to.Now consider the risk.
What is the chance that the US government will say that your 1 USD bill is worthless?
0%.
Therefore the value of 1 USD is 1 USD.What are the chances that your USDT will suddenly become worthless (because everybody suddenly realises they can not be redeemed)?
Let's say 10%.
So 1 USDT * 90% = 0.90 USD.
As long as USDT includes some element of risk it can never actually be worth 1 USD, because that does not factor in the risk element.Also, anyone who thinks trading to USDT avoids a tax event in the US needs to talk to an accountant.
they can not be redeemednobody cares if they can be "redeemed", only that someone else will trade for it on exchanges at the agreed price of whatever 1usd is to the coin
the wording just means if shit hits the fan and the pyramid comes down, its our fiat not yours so fuck off