Press S to spit on grave.
Neo = Chinese Ethereum HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Whale here.
I'll gladly buy your bags if you sell them when this dumps a bit tomorrow.
NEO actually still has a lot of gas in the tank before the end of the year if you know what I mean.
SDropped those bags for POWR, made out.
What was the news?
Forgot to follow it with all the dragonslayer memes happening this week.
>Not dumping NEO for Metaverse
S
Rest in peace "chinese ethereum"BahahahahahaS
S
Jew here.
I think you should sell your NEO to my son.
He has a tiny sum of money and think that it would be better in your hands than his.
This transaction is to better you, as we will take on the burden of the worthless NEO bags.
NEO (NEO) - Ontology Network Launch + NEO Ecosystem Sharing SessionNov 27 2017 13:30 - 18:00 UTC/GMTNEO (NEO) - China&USA blockchain meetup in Manhattan NYCNov 27 2017 19:30 - 22:00 UTC/GMT
NEO will moon within 3 days.
Great news is coming.
Just in time to unload all my dragon gold.
Thank me later anon.
They're organising a developer competition.
What happened?
Whales triggering selling with massive sell walls, then buying in low and now it's going up again.
Classic whale accumulation before the next moon mission.
The weekly is on the floor
I told you NEO will moon in three days.
Now look at the chart.Someone's holding the NEO value a few days ago.
I've been following the NEO chart for some days.
It's been a few days since some whale with virtually infinite bitcoins has been holding its value.It will be moon soon and I believe it will be in the next three days.
He must have been asleep and woke up now and did this pump.
Great timing with this thread
Your culture doesn't really teach you how to study & celebrate (as a community ) the studying you've done.
Do you have good parents, OP?We studied and bought NEO.
You have the patience of the offspring of two lower middle class nicotine addicts.
That's it?
I thought that was the "not real news" and something bigger was being announced after that?
I can't think of a better long-term hodl than neo, how short is your guys attention span?
Just wait for 3 days.
ICO's will be allowed in China, but they have to register on the NEX platform for 400 gas per ICO (as to prevent quick scams), which will be split among neo holders
Longterm holds atm are NEO, ARK.
(Bought from Ethereum gains)Stable hold is WAVESShort-mid term holds Substratum.
Is it seriously anouced that all ICOs in China have to use NEOs platforms?
Why isn't NEO on Mars right now if they really announced that?
What are you going to sell sub at?
They didn't and it will never happen

No lol...I honestly laughed when I read his comment, thats how unplausable it is.You have plenty of ICO's like Omanilla and other that run perfectly fine on the ethereum blockchain.
Only reason China would do this was if they had full control of NEO.
You fags never explain yourselves to noobs besides using buzzwords
You remember the scene where they Agents shot Neo in the guts, right?
But Neo will rise soon and dominate the matrix
if biz says this coin is dead i will accumulate more.2 NEO per week, 8 per month, 96 per year
That was the rumor that caused it to pump to almost 50.
Then ceo said that the news isn't government related and it dumped.
SSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
I've been gone for a week, last post I made was warning people about buying NEO at $45.
Someone replied that it would be $60 in 3 days time.I feel a bit sorry for him but idiots who bought that NEO pump based on "undefined news in 3 days time" deserved to take a hit.
Also launching an exchange bases on NEO called NEX.
You can find the whitepaper on NEX website.
China isn’t lifting the ICO ban, but securities offerins are legal.
The Neo ecosystem is attempting to enable blockchain based security offerings with Neo as the asset layer, Ont verifying digital identities and NEX serving as the exchange.
Accredited Chinese investors verified through Ont will be able to purchase securities, but not shit coins that don’t meet the Chinese requirements for a security offering.
At least that is the plan for the Neo team