How do you buy drugs with crypto?
Can I do this in the US?And how is untraceable of the ledger records every transaction?
Can't they just trace it back to your wallet?
Damn Obama really gave these out like candies didn't he?And deep web.
They could.
Let's use single letters instead of long pk's.
>.5 btc bought on jewbase, sent to wallet A.>A sends .5 to B>B sends .1 to C>We found C wallet on the dealer's computer after a search warrantIf no one involved in the tx is interesting to law enforcement, just like with fiat, you won't get vanned.
But the moment they become interesting you can have problems.
Especially with the whole public record & can't be erased or changed thing.Just keep in mind the distributors matter more than end-user buyers.
Every president does, faggot
localmonero.co -> cash into Monero
i urge you faggots to sign up on coinfirm (you used to be able to make free public queries i don't know if they are even free anymore) and take a look at how many addresses get flaggedthere's probably more computing time going into blockchain analysis than into hashing to secure the bitcoin network.
at some point the analysis becomes more profitable and most of the fiat gateways are locked the fuck down.
even if you just use crypto to crypto and started from mining, your fingerprints are probably somewhere.
Honestly you should worry more about who you're buying from.
Look for an estabilished vendor from a not too-hot country like the Netherlands
Use vpn.. set up new wallet...send money via btc atm with no id.
Porfit
just use bitcoin, it's not traceable yet.
right now your wallet isn't tied to an identity so there is no way to prove you own it.
likewise, whoever you sent the bitcoin to will likely put it into an exchange wallet, again, nobody knows what exchange because exchanges do not have to register their wallets.
in turn, those bitcoins in those exchanges wallets will be used to pay out random people who want to withdraw.
What took the place of Alphabay after it fell?
is there a clear go to exchange these days?
or is it all fractured up?
its all shit from what ive read