Ok, I did it.
I bought 1 BTC worth of iExec RLC.Volume tripled since 3 hours, price still low, not pumped since s2x was canceled.
This is the chance for some mooning if you missed it.Read the AMA from yesterday if you are curious:https://www.reddit.com/r/iexec/comments/7besol/the_official_iexec_ama_ask_me_anything_november_8/Also the developers are strong, they deliver their roadmap and the marketcap is still not very high, currently 47m$.
I'm sorry, but not today.
Perhaps another day this coin will get its moment.
Seems like tokens with good marketing and big fan base only gain much traction.
LOL another idiot buys this coin...Public perception is everything, and no one wants this piece of shit.
Holding 30k, bought at 7500 sats.
Yes, yes, I get it.
Nobody on /biz wants coins that are still low in price because they don't get so much attention yet.
Now shush yourself to ARK, NEO and OMG to shill some for your 20% gains.
Comfiest hold for christmas.
bought nuls at .15bought POWR at 2200Bought zen at 210000bought omg at 83000anyone else know these feels?
some whale is trying to push it up desperately
its your fault your bags aren't full yet pajeet.
can't fud this coin anymore.
they're already ahead of schedule on their roadmap, and the price is moving up at the speed of word of mouth
it is hard to FUD this coin when it never had any significant multiplyings since its release.
this also means there are no (or very very few) bagholders.
I suppose this goes ballistic when it gets a bit more recognition.
basically it is Golem for dApps, while Golem focuses on Blender rendering.
So it is not directly a competitor but more likely a potential partner.The recent exposition at devcon3 was beneficial for being recognized more widely and getting bigger attention.
buying now and holding for 3 months could be solid.
It is no coincidence the volume is increasing dramatically at the moment.But well, guys you can FOMO in at +50%.
locked and loaded.
these deserves the no fork pop soon!
tfw /biz/ brainlets buy coin after they've already mooned because they've already lot of attention.you absolute fucktard, you have to buy the coins that are going to get a shitload of attention BEFORE they actually attract it, not after.
that's how you make the big bucks.
and RLC is definitely going to get lot of attention from the developer, academic and investor community (including the fortune 500 investor communities)
No, that is not /biz investment strategy.
They chase moon missions on scam coins who are already 3x-5x in 2 days and sell with losses when they don't x10 over night.
Repeat.
alright you fags, im gonna blindly take your advice and get into this without doing any research
If you understand what I mean.
daily reminder that NASA needs outage-tolerant cloud computing protocols and IEXEC is the only cloud computing platform that delivers that feature.
not even amazon cloud service does.
this is what will finally BTFO jeff bezos.
can attest, in my first 3 days on the market this is what happened to me 3 timesbought and sold 3 coins at a loss, because there was never any real moon, and because I was scared af.
Trying to play the margin instead of the long game, where the real gains.Now I'm trying to make smart picks.
For example, Monero is a smart pick.
And my dumb ass cashed out at 105 cuz I burned myself on the other scamcoins.