One of my collegues just got hacked on bittrex..When you googled bittrex the top page give this on:https://bittrex.marketThe hacker got change the password (gmail and bitrexx) and disabled 2fa..What to do for him, he sent tweet and ticket to bitrexx but don't know if there is any hope
And he disabled the account as well
Can't do anything, your friend is fucked and lost everything.
Tell him not to be such a lazy fuck and type .com instead of Googling a website like a lazy boomer retard.
It takes less time to just type out the address than it does to Google it.
Honestly, he deserves this.
Tell him to use Adblock https everywhere and bookmarks in the future
The support won't do anything to help you.
Next time, make sure your friend has a bookmark for the OFFICIAL Bittrex site with the https.
4359589I feel bad for him - ads like these should be illegal.
Anyone with deceny can agree on that.
The hacker got change the password (gmail and bitrexx) and disabled 2fa..If he had 2fa then the hacker couldn't have logged in without the 2fa making disabling 2fa pointless...
Willingly clicking on sponsored ads on Google.
>The actual website is right below it.Holy fuck did he start using the internet yesterday?
I'm surprised he hasn't sent all his coins to a wrong address before handing over all his login details.Also bitrex is a shit exchange.
any recommendations on a better one thats not ED and user friendly enough for a brainlet like myself?, im sick of Bittrex's trading fees.
I just made an account on binance
It should but google doesn't care apparently.
what are theres fees like compared to bittrex?
So he got a notification when he openend the phising website and entered the code from his phone, then all shit came through..Feels bad for him as I'm the one who shill him into crypto, few weeks of offshore trip money gone now...
He is a good lad though, learn the hard way I suppose, and it increases the awareness of the matter as well
BinanceDoesn't even show up on google so there's no way you can click something and get phished.
This is why I never try to shill to anyone I know.
What seems trivial to me, is extremely complex and tricky to them.
They are simply not competent enough not to fuck it up.
They really do need a professional to hold their hand or something.
(gmail and bitrexx)this also means he was using the same password for multiple accounts
so this is what pajeet posting looks like
ticket to bitrexxHahaha, good luck.I did send them a ticked about why they refuse to verify me and thus lock me out of my funny internet money a week ago, and I only got back a message that it might take a few weeks to actually look at it.>the secure digital exchange my assYour colleague (yeah, right…) however should really, really educate himself on internet safety and not fucking using the same password for two things that are valuable to him.
4359829What are the advantages over using Binance?Unsure if I should switch, I keep getting fucked over on Bittrex because my balance won't load, missed alot of great cashout opportunities.
Atleast I didn't lose anything yet because of that.
why does he not just type in the full address himselfis he retarded
honestly bittrex is trash, periodthe only two exchanges you need are binance and poloniexbittrex charges extortionist fees for withdrawals, and their selection is ass and the transfers take fucking days to completei regret ever putting anything on bittrex
they only refuse to verify pajeetsnot even kiddingless than 1% of the userbase thank god
this, also u dont shill family or friends because they will inevitably get JUSTed and blame you
they only refuse to verify pajeetsApparently, they also refuse to verify Germans.Gave them the same, correct name and adress I used for Kraken, but it failed without any way to fix this.
Fortunately, it's not much, but still, fuck these scammers.
But I can't really hire a lawyer for a few hundred €, and the police probably wouldn't even understand what a cryptocurrency is.
bittrex.market - whois shows it russian.
goodluck with getting any money back.
Has a phone number.
Address is a PO boxkek
this.the account has already been emptied anywaybookmark your shit people or at the very least don't trust Google links
Report to Google Adsense, they have a competent team that shuts down fraud advertisments very quickly.
They can propably backtrack the scammer via his IP/Logins into Adsense.
What a fucking idiot, who even clicks on ad queries when they google something?
Stop giving money to google.
Ah bullshit, not AdSense...its AdWords !!
Google Adwords is for creating advertisments, Adsense is when you place that shit on your website.
>not using 2FA>not using adblock
WTF I CLICKED THE LINK AND NOW ALL OF MY LINKIES ARE GONE.
YOU RUINED ME OP AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Nope, so when he loged in to phising website, website ask for his phone number then the hacker seems use his phone number to change the password, and the hacker managed to disabled to the 2fa in bittrex so no need for aunthetication for every withdrawal... this happen quite quick tho in spans of 9mins ffs
AHAHAHAHAHAH ADWORDS COMPTENT They only know how to Talk you into spending more on your Ads.
They don't give a shit if one of their ads is Malicious
Well the idea was to get a collective information and initiate discussion from my collegues, it is more fun when the things go up and down..but you have a fair point there..
I'll stop shilling in the real world
Not an Indian or Paki, but english not my native language
Anyone wanna give me his referral ID for binance?
Gonna switch to binance now, sick of bittrex.Also any recs besides NEO and XMR?