WTF is Operation Dragonslayer?
?WTF happens this weekend?
bitcoin is going down, boyo
4490669why?
whats the scheme this time?Pump from korea?Death spiral attackRogers BTC dumpMiners dump BTCFlippeningtell me
>I've got a great idea guys!>H-h-here guys, please l-listen>What we'll do is manipulate the market!>B-but w-wait there's more!
!>Let's tell the market what we'll do before we do it!Sergy, it is of genius
I just want to know what biz thinks about itI dont expect Mr fuck your mother and Mr Rigged Explosives to tell me their plan, I want to know what biz thinks faggot
Lmao, this, I'm wondering, if it would be so clear that the flippening happens, why doesn't it happen right now?
I would not want to miss the chance to buy cheap BCH.
Miners are waiting for the next difficulty adjustment.
This is the same as when you try to build a time machine.
If by the first time it crosses your mind to build a time machine a yourself from the future doesnt arrive to tell you something is obvious that you failed and that you shouldnt try as it will end in failWhy the flippening isnt happening despite (((everyone))) knows about it?
because it wont happenAniway whats the plan for this weekend boyos
4490797to do wat
I feel like you're overestimating how much people *know* about stuff like this.
4chan has more insider knowledge of the goings on in crypto, but think about how many normies don't know shit about hash rates, difficulty adjustments, mining attacks, or anything besides BTC makes them money.
Operation DragonSlayer works as follows:1. miners switch to BTC en masse so that the difficulty shoots through the roof2.
When it adjusts, they switch back to BCH immediatelySince BTC is super slow to adjust the difficulty, when miners leave the network becomes super clogged and unusable.
We are currently between stage 1 and 2
damn this cunt annoyed me at the rebound in the DLC
Okay.
So it's clothed for half a day and recovers.Amazing, hope the BCH idiots will lose their money again
Clogged
4490906you do realise the bitcoin mining difficulty is calculated over the whole 2016 blocks and not just the last one right?You do realise that this manipulation is stupid right?
Do you think stuffs like POWR would be impacted by an eventual hard BTC crash?
I don't think so but Im planning to buy some more soon and I don't know if I should wait and see for cheaper values
How new are you?
I want some cheap BTC too.
there will be an clipse and every bitcoin owner will be sacrificed.
Did I say that the miners go all in on BTC for the last block?
No, they've been at it for days now.
too bad i lost my 2fa acess and now i have to wait to recover it to buy bchaaaaaaaaaaaaa
According to bitcoinwisdom.com the bitcoin difficulty will decrease with the next adjustment
Okay, so they do it for this one difficulty adjustment (I heard they did the exact same for the last one...).
what then?They just keep doing it by only mining bitcoin?Are you literally this dense?
BTC adjusts its difficulty every 2016 blocks, which is usually around two weeks.
But now the mining surge aims at increasing it considerably, so that later blocks will come at a super slow rate.
Then 2016 blocks could take considerably longer.
Then they switch to mining BCH
Okay, so the whole scheme is to make bitcoin marginally slower for one difficulty adjustment period, got it.
Do you even know how long 1 diff adjustment would take if no blocks are being mined?
Stay in denial, idc.
This could potentially be very serious for Bitcoin.
Yeah but its still stupidIf btc is clogged the btc reward skyrockets as tx fees moon, making it more profitable again retaining hashpowerHow btc are you willing to pay for your btc if you suddenly think btc is useless?
tx fees moon>while>value of bitcoin does the inverse
The price won't crash, will just dip as is only a temporary issue, as hashpower will comeback to mine those blocks with bigger tx fees
if the network gets clogged, I'll point my computer's GPU at mining.
I know its like a grain of sand in the grand canyon, but its the only logical way to secure my investment.
They need to move out so diff can moon
Why would you panic sell your btc if you know hash will come back!
4491352What % of miners do you think will go?Do you think they'll actually stay in BCH mining this time?Do they plan to go back into btc to do the same thing next difficulty adjustment?Have you seen that there's now 100k (100thousand!)
more bitcoin cash than there are bitcoin because the difficulty has been so low?
The btc reward is paid in btc so if btc prices crashes (which it will in this scenario) the reward will drop and it will never get hashpower back.
wouldn't be panic selling, but in about 2 days and 13 hours I will be opening a long position on BCH at 20x leverage
All the chinese will on top of honest miners who mine what is profitable, the only miners that wont are those that will continue to mine btc at a loss for ideological reasons which isnt a sustainable business plan
meh i might play the trade too if it appears to make more bitcoinwould only last for the one difficulty adjustment though.I get your argument, and I follow trends, but why would I bet against this?If you guys want to make bcash, I'm okay with that
Yeah but the length of time for 2016 block becomes exponential as hashpower leaves and if bch and btc market cap hit parity all confidence in btc will be lost.
Even if you think bch is shit its impossible to justify holding wealth in btc at the moment.
This is the exact reason I became an ETHfag in August
hashpower leaves and if bch and btc market cap hit parity all confidence in btc will be lostYeah and I'll trade this (if) it happens.All ive seen so far is a pretty hilarious pump and dump to 0.5/btc
typical bcash faggot.
Yeah its an option but i dont think ether will do well if btc crashes, the price of ether is tied to people speculating that it will be worth something when there are profitable dapps built on it.
Its not a currency, like vitalik said it should be worth $7 Bch, xrp and monero are the only options for a btc crash i think
Should we be worried about this?When is the difficulty marker due?Any way of following the progress towards the difficulty marker?
https://fork.lol/Click POW then retarget
Do you really think core devs don't have back-up plans that have their own back-up plans?
comparing the brainpower of Core vs Bcash is like comparing a donkey with a broken leg to a Tesla in a race.
Vitalik also said that people should be kicked from their homes if someone wants to buy it at market price.
The guys isn't infallible.
their backup plan is to emergency hard fork to a new PoW algo and alienate the sha256 miners forever.
this would be at the depths of despair in a chain death scenario, I don't see this backup plan saving themmaybe they don't even have that as a backup plan, kek.
my guess is they will just tell people to hodl until difficulty eventually resets and try to shill some more proof-of-hats on twitter and their censored reddit
mfw normies make more money blissfully holding btc, completely oblivious of all of this, while /biz/ sells on their "insider knowledge" and gets wrecked by more blissfully ignorant normies coming onboard and buying higher.
The brainpower of corehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qU6tGj5VdYw
https://data.bitcoinity.org/bitcoin/difficulty/5y?t=lEstimated change time: December 06, 2017 08:06
https://fork.lol/This is also a good site to follow it.
Yes he is an autist.
he is one of us.
Autists know how to write code.
faggots sell m80s on ebay for pocket change.
he is ONE of over 200 core devs.
You're a faggot for not understanding that.
I hope you sold your btc for btrash.
The only thing they could do is hardfork to proof of stake.
If they did that btc would have none of the properties outlined in the white paper.None of the core developers could of come up with bitcoin, bitcoin is an economic idea the code is just the implementation.
The whitepaper was a complete synthesis of game theory, economics, cryptography and coding.
shamelessly telling the world that they are purposefully attacking Bitcoin>"honest miners"I'm so glad that I'm not living in a world where Chinese culture or moral values are dominant.
I mean I'm going to be honest.All bch is atm is an expensive shitcoin that people are buying on the presumption it'll moon if bitcoin gets holocausted.Not a good sell IMO, also I don't think it would make them look good if they suddenly just killed a lot of big boy VC and hedge firms who are now entering the market.Good luck aborting yourself but don't let the door hit you on the way out.
I'm an ETHfag.
Ironically I am going to actually be buying bitcoin tomorrow, so I can use it as collateral on BitMEX for my highly leveraged BCH long position after the diff adjustment
Here's how Hillary can still stop Trump!
Bch is bitcoinSegwit and 1mb blocks do not make sense or follow the whitepaperMy definition of a honest miner is one that acts in his own self interest
Doesn't look like the difficulty is going to be changed much.
HAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHA
Mining what is more profitable for you is an attack on bitcoinKYS Mr. Quads
What do you mean by "leverage?"
I've known leverage to be using borrowed money on an investment.
What you just described 
its less about making it high as possible, it is more about the fact that once it reset it won't reset again for 2016 blocks.
so the best time to attack with a chain death scenario for a flippening would be right after a BTC difficulty change
Segwit and 1mb blocks do not make senseThats only because you're a retarded dick sucking faggot.
one CPU ONE VOTE!
satoshi's vision went out the window when video cards hit the scene let alone asics.
so, when comparing options, SEGWIT LN is a way better idea than 2 GIG blocks you retarded faggot!
Pic related has a nigher IQ than BCASHers
https://www.investopedia.com/terms/l/leverage.asp
But if they hadnt been mining it at a loss since 13th november it wouldve changed way lower
this made me laugh so hard>being this attached to a coin rather than just cashing out when shit starts going downYour tiny GPU isn't gonna do shit txfees will skyrocket and you won't be able to move your bitcoin
So what do you call people who are mining BCH now?
Remember, you've just called miners acting on ideological reasons and not for short term financial interest as "dishonest", twice.
The first one was:Again, how would you define BCH miners as of now?
I want to hear it.
Same question.
ad hominem>strawmanPajeeet shill
satoshi's vision went out the window when video cards hit the scene let alone asics.Confirmed for not knowing what you're talking about
Same questionI would call them 'honest miners' considering BCH is 1.14x more profitable to mine than BTC isfork.lol
Again, how would you define BCH miners as of now?
I want to hear it.i would categorize them as faggots who are willing to bite the hand that fed them for 8 years so they can take over development.
Analogous to the kids who kill their parents for inheritance money.
absolute scum bags.
I put them just above pedos.
What was he talking about with the payment processor there?
Was he just shilling out of his ass or is there actually something to be said with that?
Avoids him pointing out that neither BTC or BCH actually follow the whitepaper anymore, so BTC is better from a quality perspective>Focuses only on the irrelevant shit so he doesn't have to address itBrilliant plan.
He probably won't even notice
You know I'm talking about BCH miners who don't change even when BTC is way more profitable.
How do you feel about them?
Literally operation LARPsaged
hey faggot!
this: 
He was referencing another thread, but I would imagine he was talking about 0 conf
i would categorize them as faggots who are willing to bite the hand that fed them for 8 years so they can take over development.
Analogous to the kids who kill their parents for inheritance money.
absolute scum bags.
I put them just above pedos.
Theyre acting in their own interest to maximise their profit by destroying btc.It wouldnt be possible to destroy btc if it had stuck to the whitepaper because there would not have been any market demand for a contentious hard fork (bch)Dont get me wrong i wish core had just increased the blocksize we'd probably already have mass adoption and a 50k bitcoin, the scaling debate has set us back a few years but finally with bch bitcoin can continue to become a global peer to peer cash freeing us from central banking and financial repression
I don't feel anything about them really, maybe that they were being ideological
The only thing bch has that isnt in the white paper is the daa which was necessary for bitcoin cash to exist, it will make future nakamoto consensus more difficult but is definitely worth the continuation of bitcoin as a peer ro peer cash
Jeff Berwick?
Is that you
This.
Mining Bcash at time may be economically rational but it will never be excusable.
Slush's pool didn't change over and won't ever change over.
They didn't feed them.
They starved them.They negotiated for years to get simple necessary immediate on chain scaling, they entered a political compromise to get it and gave the other faction what they wanted, then they were stabbed in the back.If you think for even a second that they're the ones acting in bad faith, you simply haven't been paying attention.There's little core could've done to deserve this more.
15 million bitcoins mined so far>Current value 120 billion>starvedshut up moron.
kys now
All in service to a shit tier business plan from Blockstream, which directly requires sabotaging the original architecture of the system, subverted by the media channels around it, and having the gall to just rely on the very core of the system represented by the provision of proof of work to just silently keep on playing their part.If core *don't* get utterly destroyed for this, there is no justice in the world, period.
The assumptions in the system rely on miners acting in their rational self interest, not lying down and surrendering to completely fucking idiotic ideas imposed on them by a centralised team of developers that only even exist because political control has been exerted on them in order to prop up a shitty business plan of a tangentially related entity.Everyone has been warned.
We saw what happened on November 13 and anyone that has done any kind of rigorous research since then knows what is probably coming at the next difficulty adjustment.
If you get fucked by this, it's because you're throwing in with the wrong side of a war that can't possibly be won, and you deserve it.
If core *don't* get utterly destroyed for this, there is no justice in the world, period.Oh you poor sweet summer child.
I'm under no illusion that there absolutely *is* justice in the world.
I'm just sick of moralfags pretending like it's some ultimate showdown of light vs dark and it's the unimpeachable sanctimonious euro core legion against the evil greasy subversive chink rebellion.Bitcoin was supposed to make politics obsolete, and yet people still keep grasping for teams and political narratives through which to understand things.
As someone that honestly believed in the original vision, and wanted it all along, it's fucking annoying.
When will you realize Jihan is MP's bitch and you are all getting played to pump and dump BCrash as they get more BTC?
If your dumb ass knew anything about Bitcoin, you would know bigger blocks are fucking retarded and will not be allowed and you would have dumped your forkcoin already.
You would also know that Blockstream can fuck off for all I care, they are a private company which I don't intend to use.If you can't afford transactions, you don't belong into Bitcoin, period.
If you can't afford transactions, you don't belong into Bitcoin, period.hoooooooly shit hahahahaahhahahahahaha
If you thought with your brain instead of your fucking colon you'd actually try and mathematically validate your positions rather than sucking down bullshit propaganda as if it were a thickshake at your local mcfuckwit augmentation station.
"Bigger blocks" is a distraction.
There is scaling and there is not scaling, and there are reasons and the absence of reasons for both positions.
Anyone with a cursory grasp of the facts of the matter is aware of the limitations of the present situation *as well as* what refusing to implement even an extremely modest increase means.You on the other hand, are just a fucking idiot.
Hillary was always the favored hahahahaha
I can afford transaction fees but I can't afford 1 hour wait everyday for years.
This shit is slow you gotta admit it.
I need to move Bitcoins once a day everyday due to business I am running and this is killing me already.
Kill yourself you fucking summerfag.Bitcoin doesn't care about your needs.
The world adapts to Bitcoin.
I will laugh my ass off when you get fucked by this.
Bitcoin doesn't care about your needs.
The world adapts to Bitcoin.Who the fuck says something like this?
same.
this dude is a dumbass
Dont get me wrong i wish core had just increased the blocksize we'd probably already have mass adoption and a 50k bitcoin, the scaling debate has set us back a few years but finally with bch bitcoin can continue to become a global peer to peer cash freeing us from central banking and financial repression
How many times do you need to be humilliated, Gavin?
Of course you would project a personality to disagree with you on a mathematical issue, because all you understand is politics.
kys
But shouldn't we be moving in the direction of smaller blocks for more decentralization?
So that even smartphones could verify blocks?
This is what Mr Andres Anonopulus tells me
If you can't afford transactions, you don't belong into Bitcoin, period.Hahaha can you be more retarded?!
Just kys fucking jew
Hey anon dont hurt our feelings with that kind of talk
You are the retard not understanding the mathematical issue of how Bitcoin can't scale while being fast and cheap.
But since you are like children rejecting laws of thermodynamics will keep spouting your nonsense.
Too bad anyone that matters in Bitcoin isn't buying.
And later on, satoshi realized how people would oppose to USG running nodes on their datacenters so niggers can transact their coffee on the network.
Nothing.
If there was really a super secret operation like that you'd know absolutely nothing about it.
It would just happen.It's just more of the same crap trying to scare people into selling.
Seen it all before.
You'll see it all again.
You are the jew trying to turn Bitcoin into Paypal 2.0.
I don't give a shit if on-chain or with a second layer, both are shit.
Sorry, no decentralized money for poorfags that can't afford transactions.
This is so confusing now that BCH is the official version and BTC is the incompatible second version.
for anyone getting sucked in by this shillthe satoshi quote is completely out of context here's what satoshi envisioned for nodes namely node rewards and specialized server farmshttps://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=1391350.0additionally the 32gb needed to run a node will be nothing taking moores law into account, you realise bitcoin is going to be around for 100 years you think we should keep the blocksize at 1mb till then?
you think we should keep the blocksize at 1mb till then?yes
you think we should keep the blocksize at 1mb till then?We should reduce it to 388 kb.
this is retarded.
the difficulty scales with average block generation time.
so what if the last few blocks are fast?
it will barely affect the 2 week average.
BCH only has 10% of the hashrate.
It's worse than that.
You don't need 32gb to run a full node at 8mb period.
The table thrown around is simply flatly wrong.
Go run the client and check yourself.
All the numbers are wrong.
The bandwidth is wrong, the memory usage is wrong, everything is wrong.
And yet people like that still put on airs of superiority as if they understood some massively complex thing that was impenetrable to everyone else, while everyone else goes along and actually does the things they insist are impossible.
If that doesn't sum up the situation perfectly I don't know what does.The simple fact is this; there is zero technical reason for the on chain scaling throughout limits which have been forcibly imposed for years despite being against the original system design and massive protest, and what's happening here is just the inevitable backlash against that situation.
Either this happens and bitcoin core is killed, or bitcoin is just another purely political construction which survives purely because people pretend that it has validity, whilst the underlying game theory has been empirically invalidated.
Miners, I hope you're listening.
Prove the system works, destroy the cancer with the power you were granted to do so by the design.
I completely agree and have very little doubt bch will succeed.
i think bch will be 18k in january.
Prove it.There are loads of Core devs.
It's not some small clandestine group.
And everything is open source.
The core group that maintains the political orthodoxy is much smaller, and they have a proven record of simply removing anybody that doesn't toe their political line.
As for proving it I just pointed out how you can easily do so yourself, which I have.Core are cancer and must be destroyed or Bitcoin is just another silly political game.
Brilliant.
if miners don't pick our fork they're wrong and bitcoin is wrong
if miners don't pick the fork that's in their rational self interest, they're wrong and bitcoin is wrong.
You are literally just making shit up about Core at this point.
Basically, you got trapped in an echo-chamber, you've convinced yourself into holding bch, and now you feel compelled to defend your choices.You have no proof of your claims.
All of this shit is constantly examined by professional engineers.
I've watched every video of the recent scaling conference and there were people from both camps there.
While the big blockers certainly think increasing the blocksize can be made to work (with some updates/caveats - that they were proposing or examining) it's clear that they all agreed that raising the blocksize will significantly increase the costs of running a full node.
So your claim that "all the numbers are made up" is complete horseshit.
Get to Monero, the smart money is already there.
Next leg up is coming, safe from BTC drama, and increasingly used in deepweb markets.
I also conjecture that this time even some of the druggies will buy extra in case it goes up in valuation a bit like BTC did.
People bought like a million dollars in today's BTC for a twenty bag at the time, lol
the amount of people that get sucked into Jihan's corporate prograganda, to hate on volunteer open source community developers is shocking.
Corporate power drags you BCH people around by the balls while the mining conglomerates get a bunch of shills to do their bidding so they can profit more.
Thanks for helping the chinese get richer
Tow the line corecuck or you'll cop the ban hammer from your kike overlords.pic related.
You claim that because I point out the numbers thrown out in a particular table that actually make specific claims about specific exact numbers are wrong, which they are, my claim that the numbers are wrong can be invalidated in turn by observing that there is however some increase in the resources necessary to run a node in the event that on chain scaling increases.This is exactly like saying that because you give me a table saying that the sun weighs 50kg, and I say it doesn't, you respond with "well it reduced by some amount in the last few seconds simply by nature, so what you're saying is complete horseshit".It just doesn't work like that.
It's very clear you have no idea what you're talking about and you make me very comfortable holding BCH and shorting BTC.
So, thanks.Further, by focusing on "running a full node" you make it clear you don't even understand the purpose of the network to begin with.
no, you're mad because they're not picking the fork that's in your financial interestMiners follow the users, not the other way around.
Mining is a ridiculously costly venture and miners have a strong interest in stability and continued demand.
BCC supporters seem to think users will follow them to the chain with the highest hashpower, but there is zero historical evidence for this at all and most of BCC's crashes followed an increase in hashpower.The only reason you can sit here and tell them what their interests are is because you have no investment in BTC at all.
Actual astroturfing by Roger Ver's shill armyYou do realize that this is exactly what it would look like if shills brigaded a subreddit and the mods fought back right?
I have personally seen random pro-bcash and obvious concern-trolling threads get pumped to the front page out of nowhere.Your tactics only work on people unfamiliar with those two subreddits.
I've seen the bcash shill brigades first-hand.
It crowds out measured discussion.
Basically, Roger Ver and his ilk have poisoned the public discussion.
I've been invested in BTC since 10,000 BTC pizzas were a thing.
I held the line and stuck with the core implementation the entire time right up until Segwit2X betrayal despite strong misgivings about the plan, thinking that they would see the idiocy of it as time went on and the limit actually started to hurt, at which point it became clear to me there was no way they were ever going to change their stance regarding on chain scaling, and since there was no technical reason for it, and the network had been at a scale ceiling for months at that time, it became absolutely clear to me that their path is a dead end.Given that, it is in nobody's financial interests with the exception of Blockstream and those directly invested therein that their fork survives.
Constantly forcing a ridiculously low ceiling on trade through the network by nature limits its utility, shilling vapourware for years that never comes, ignoring the advance of the altcoin horde slowly chipping away at the dominance of Bitcoin, all of these things are concrete indicators of why it is in nobody's interest to support core anymore.I've made my decision and I encourage everyone else to come to the same obvious conclusion.
If you don't want to do that, well, we suffer the consequences and rewards of our choices, and that applies to me as well as it will apply to you.I'm comfortable with that.
I hope you are too.
Miners do not follow users you moron, miners follow profit and their long term interests.
This is why miners only accept BCH for goods and services rendered.Kikestream and miner interests are in direct conflict (even if retarded cunts who manage slushpool don't realise yet) and as such miners are looking out for themselves and the interest in the long term viability of the blockchain.BTC will invariably die because as BCH's price appreciates the miners are able to move more and more mining power to the real bitcoin chain.BTC is nothing to them but short term profits.
Yet, you fail to provide any source for your claims, such as an alternate, credible date-table.Hence, why you are the wanker in this situation.
How can you bother to spread such shit when there's undeniable evidence of where the censorship and misinformation lies?
Happy to change my mind on this if you can show with evidence that somehow we've all been fooled, and that there is a master game of 4-D chess happening where a whole proportion of the community has been tricked into thinking Core are the bad guys when they're actually White Knights telling us the truth and saving us from the big bad corporations.It's one thing to disagree on the merits of the technology, and argue that there are 2 camps of equally valid opinions, possibly fighting for different causes, and argue that one approach is better than another for a specific cause, but to focus on the political aspect of it, and throw out an accusation of 'making shit up about Core' due to 'being trapped in an echo chamber' in the face of an abundance of evidence, you really do need to demonstrate proof.
bcashStopped reading right there.
Opinion discarded.
Have you seen the comments that get deleted?
Have you tried to legitimately discuss/disagree with core on your own?
Most people who 'convert' were not shills to start off, they'd heard something different (which Core claims to be misinformation), and were banned for asking about it, instead of having the correct information presented.
Run the software yourself and observe reality that it does not match the claims, or shut your cancerous pie hole you malodorous fuckstick.
but to focus on the political aspect of it, and throw out an accusation of 'making shit up about Core' You are accusing me of exactly what bcashers are doing:1.
Some how a whole portion of the community has been tricked into thinking Core are the good guys2.
Focusing on the political aspect (muh Core, muh Blockstream)
I'm accusing you locally, with regards to the specific post I quoted.
How about you actually address what I said?
BCASH NOT BITCOIN CASHI have.
The vast majority are obvious concern-trolling or snide remarks ("My comment will probably get deleted but...") and maybe a small portion are legitimate ones that end up getting eaten due to practical reality of moderating a subreddit that is frequently swamped by someone's personal shill army.Zero evidence.
One day the paid shills will learn their propaganda doesn't work when they refuse to even call BITCOIN CASH by it's actual name which is BITCOIN CASH.
Slandering the name of BITCOIN CASH doesn't actually do anything except to point out the paid shills (and the retarded /r/bitcoin corecucks)DAILY REMINDER: BITCOIN CASH IS BITCOIN.
how does this fuck remember to breathe without constant instruction baka
I'll provide an example: Blockstream is said to be part of an evil group of corporations... the DCG.Riddle me this: Why did Barry Silbert, and many of the portfolio companies organize the NYA S2X hardfork?
Was this part of their masterful ruse?
So Blockstream is against a blocksize increase (at least the one that was proposed) but the DCG is clearly in favor of one...And of course, speaking of conspiracy theories, what about this obvious one: China has banned crypto exchange, but they are live and let live with the mining companies?
That's totes how China operates.
The lack of evidence become deafening.
What a dumb thread
Your inability to run a simple program is not a lack of evidence for anything.
It's evidence that you're an idiot, as if more were required.
Your inability to provide evidence is now setting off car alarms in my neighborhood.
Outright lie.
I was literally banned as a holder of 5 years who was at the time holding 70k USD worth of BTC and no BCH for trying to discuss and learn (in no way did I believe in or support BCH at the time - I believed the Core narrative).
I'm now convinced that Core are the 'bad guys', and they aren't fooling anyone with their lying and shilling.
I'm cashed out of BTC and not invested in BCH though for full disclosure.Instead of evading, why don't you provide evidence for your claims.
Your first job should be to demonstrate that your 'camp' is valid, i.e.
to show that Bitcoin Cash side is the one censoring and spreading misinformation, and that Core is demonstrating full transparency.
Implying BTC could ever move that fast
Bitcoin Cash is awesome.
They pay me to shill them.
https://birds.bitcoin.com/
I should really buy before 9am Thursday UTC
I have no problem with moderators moderating a forum.
When there is no quality control, you get biz, which while fun, is not what I want out of the Bitcoin subreddit.My opinions were form by listening to what the engineers are saying about scaling.
Additionally, I trust the opinions of people like Andreas Antonopolous and Nick Szabo who have proven integrity.Bcash was orchestrated by known criminals and scammers and people with blatant economic interests.
I have no reason to trust those people over the various Core developers and supporters.https://medium.com/@WhalePanda/asicboost-the-reason-why-bitmain-blocked-segwit-901fd346ee9f
I hope you don't take this the wrong way, but can we be bff's?
You're my new idol.
You are clearly just a paid blockstream shill.
No one is disagreeing with moderation anywhere.
Moderation would be removing posts that are in breach of the rules.
Censorship is where information is allowed or removed based on an agenda, whether it be personal feelings or the interests of an organisation.
The only concession I make here is that there is SOME degree of transparency - the fact that /r/bitcoin moderators have specifically stated that this is their policy, and that they don't care if "90% of users disagree".
Of course this puts you in a bit of a pickle, since they've acknowledged their position, and you're claiming that this is actually the position of Cash, not Core.I genuinely am open to being redpilled on this if you aren't just a blind core idiot or a shill, but you need to start addressing the fact that one side is lying and the other is not, or show that I am misinformed about who is lying and who is not.You are also reverting to a classic attack on famous 'criminal Bcash personalities' instead of actually having a discussion and addressing what is actually present in dialogue, another sign that you're likely to be a paid pajeet shill.This is basically your last chance to actually address anything that's been mentioned above and concisely address it in an irrefutable way.
If you fail to do this, then you lose all benefit of the doubt, and your position will be transparent to all.
Personally your last post almost decided it for me, but I'm still willing to listen, since there is a plausible chance that your immature responses were due to exasperation at other BCH trolls who aren't actually looking for a discussion.Try me again.
clueless fuck
Who cares if full node cost goes up?
Seriously.
Crippling the blockchain for muh full nodes.
Gtfo kikestream shill.
4496533>As the lack of evidence swells to enormous proportions, the bcasher bags become heavier and heavier.
You don’t have to trust them or anything but you can still profit from this shitshowHonestly I really see this happening this weekend, it’s simply too easy for them at this point they already have all the tools they need and miner support to totally kill btc for another weekend
>/threadhttps://bitcoinwisdom.com/bitcoin/difficulty
Does BTC typically go up or down after it reaches a new difficulty?
I know right, it's like cutting off your feet because you don't want to buy new shoes
https://np.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/7ej53t/more_information_on_the_bot_attack_of_rbitcoin/dq5z1gt/?st=jaajchkd&sh=3db26cc8Are you from the future where the blocks are filled with txns at 1gb?
Or is this screenshot irrelevant to your claim?Also, as is customary: ANECDOTE.
WE NEED STATISTICS NOT A SAMPLE SIZE OF 1.Alright, you're just a retard.
lol it doesn't matter if it goes up or down.
The whole point is that whatever it is, it will be locked in for 2016 blocks.
At the current rate that would be two weeks.
If BCH steal enough hashpower, it will be longer, then longer, then longer, than permafrost.
Sketchy site
Your claim in your shit tier retarded chart is that 8mb block size = 32gb memory consumption.
The screenshot shows you can run bitcoin ABC which has 8mb blocks with less than 16gb memory on a machine and barely even breach half full memory *while that machine is running a bunch of other stuff to boot*.Just accept that you are a fucking idiot and you have no idea what you are talking about and you are going to get destroyed this weekend, and you deserve it and need to turn your life down and put the fucking crack pipe down before you hurt those who love you.
Assuming that's anybody.or just kys.
Yup and thats exactly why the miners are completely mining core chain right now to keep the difficulty as high as possible for the lock in Then come the weekend the large switchover finally happens and btc network becomes slow and quickly the unconfirmed transactions pile up and the chain is unusable.
With the goal being completely killing btc from total chain death but I don’t personally see that happening I think it’ll just last a day but I don’t care either way who wins btc/Bch all I care about is making money and by god the bch pump will be glorious
You clearly are a shill.
No one here is fooled by a whole chain of evasion.
You've had every opportunity to explain yourself and have demonstrated your lack of valid ground at every turn.
Good luck with your life, if this is seriously what you spend your time doing, and you're this bad at it, then you really need to rethink who you are in this world.
KEK
bcash>andreas antonopolousOpinion discarded
posts table>everything is O(N) or O(N log N) complexityWhats your objection here?
O(N) is amazing scaling factor...it couldn't be much better.
>be a fucking retard with no technical skills>align with other non-technicals and promote "scaling solutions">circle jerk into each others mouths while trying to gargle "sajhotshies vishon" >have no devs>not realise that whilst you can scale tx volume with better engineering, privacy will likely never be able to be pulled back in line with bad choices>strawman arguments with "b-b-but rapsberry pis cant run financial networks"cunts are fucking dense
Priced In
>/biz/ will go all-in on shitcoins like LINK and DGB but shit on BCH when both the technicals and fundamentals point to a massive moon incthis is why most of you won't make it
Don't forget REQ or "Comfydo"BCH is ITCHING to moon
The thing that baffles me most about bcash tards is how they constantly bring up false information about the intentions of Blockstream, which by the way, only push like 15-20% of commits to the project (source cant verify, it was posted recently, fucking sue me) whilst the large majority 100-20=80 for those who struggle are NOT pushed by blockstream.
You cunts constantly flash the "fact" (incorrect at that) that blockstream have patents on scaling solutions and you are enitrely right, they are however, defensive patents, similar to that of Tesla with their tech and many other patent-troll-fucking companies who refuse to see good tech be litigated into oblivion, it takes a simple fucking search on googles patents search engine to see what the patents are about.tldr; bcash holders are just tards who didnt get in early, and because their shitcoin has fallen so far, they think theyll make mad returns
I got in pretty early in 2013, and so did this dude And a ton of other people I've seen including Charles X Ryan, Roger Ver, Gavin Andreseen, etc.I moved all my BTC to BCH when it was around $600 in a ratio for like 11 BCH for 1 BTC.
Huge profit for me, and BCH feels like a much better hold.
Also don't be delusional, saying the price "Fell" when it clearly has a good support around $1200 is very delusional.
It more than doubled since two weeks ago and right now is very sideways.More adoption is growing for BCH, more websites are starting to support it, more exchanges including Bitstamp in December, etc.I would check out this thread for just how much progress has been made on this 3 month old coin: https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoincash/comments/7dt9iw/bitcoin_cash_a_reflection_on_how_far_weve_come/You will be kicking yourself next year when you find out how obvious it was this was a great opportunity to get into this coin considering it's brand fucking new and already has a ton of support and growing.
I shifted about 60% of my BTC for Bitcoin Cash as soon as the Segwit2x fork failed.
Started at 0.08, but kept buying up to 0.33 or so.
I kind of regret no spacing my purchases more, but at the end of the day I'm betting on the long-term success of Bitcoin cash and an eventual flippening.
And I'm now one of the richest Bitcoin Cash holders (probably in the top 1000)
legend.
same story here but im no rich list, but i got over 60
Use Eth fagit
how?
the price fell, you guys should have stayed at parity, you cloned a fucking coin that had working tech, anything less than parity of the original bitcoin is a failure.
how can you not see that?
and your comment about hwo much progress has been made on a 3 month old coin is ridic, you guys have piggy backed the work of core, and made some alterationsindicating that holding something means anything, by your logic, buying millions of dollars of penny stocks makes them valuable
What?
Did you mean to reply to my comment or someone else's?
another rando comment is that it's painful that you guys cant see that half these people shilling shitcoins have a vested interst, do you know what garziks company does?
it analyses the chain for tx data.
do you know what core intends to do to btc in the future?
make this impossible.
half the companies backing these contentious hard forks are just worried that their companies are gonna go down the shitter where they belong
yeah, you replied to me originally
You know prices go up and down all the time right?
BCH started at $555, dipped down to $150, rose to $800, dipped down to $400, rose to some other prices, went down some more, went up some more, went down again.
This is all normal and it doesn't really matter in the long term.You're expecting it to just continuously go upwards forever?
Again, delusional.I would check out this video: https://vimeo.com/242870813#t=4626s
4495193There has been more mining of BTC over the last week than chasing the profits would indicate.
BCH mining has being more profitable, but more than half the hashrate was on BTC.They are definitely trying to artificially prop up the next BTC difficulty.
yes i am aware that prices fluctuate, what i am saying is that you guys are cherry picking the data, what you are claiming is that "oh look at this it's up 10% this week fucking boss" whilst ignoring the fact that it is down in comparison to btc massively.
if i buy stocks at $50 a piece, and then they fall to $1, then over the next week go to $2, is it still a 100% upswing?
fuck no, it's down.
i never said i expect it to go up forever, what i am saying is that if bcash is so loved, why isnt it at parity with btc?
anyway mate, you know what, this is a battle that no one will win, the fud has been spread heavily by both sides and it's pretty clear that it's all just active measures at this point.
good luck with your investment.
have fun.
Wait, cherry picking data?
I don't think you saw that part where I said I got in at a ratio of 11 BCH per BTC.
Now it's 7 to 1.
Historically the lowest the ratio reached was 1 BTC for 20 BCH.
So in just BTC terms the price rose dramatically.Again you're the one cherry picking and delusional.
Dude, I know you're a hardcore core supporter, but man your arguments are dumb and desperate at best.
It means you did little risk management and fucked yourself
Honestly I wish he would just stop being cryptic and making shit up.
50,000 TX/S and then on twitter yesterday he admitted BCH could probably do 500 TX/S by next year, which is extremely good but why spit out something stupid like 50k TX/S?
If you get fucked by this, it's because you're throwing in with the wrong side of a war that can't possibly be won, and you deserve it.Why are bitcoin cash holders such zealots?
Why can't you just enjoy your coin -- buy it, sell it, spend it, hold it for future value -- like everyone else in crypto instead of constantly trying to financially destroy everyone else?
You are an evil lot.
Heartless and evil.
wouldn't the copter crash?
This is like saying that when a dishonest and incompetent business owner who takes their best employees for granted ends up suffering the obvious consquences, people who pointed out what would inevitably happen are heartless and evil.I honestly wish we weren't in this fucked up situation to begin with, but I didn't cause it or aggravate it.
This is just the inevitable consequence of the set of actions that have culminated in this event, and we're just positioning ourselves for it.
I honestly wish we weren't in this fucked up situation to begin with,I'm happy about it.
This increases the chances that the market will realize that BTC/BCH don't have to be king forever and we can get a technically superior alt to actually take us to the decentralized currency promised land
Maybe medium term as credible alternatives crop up that's not a bad approach.
I'm skeptical of the value of alternative proof of work based chains given the economic footprint invested in SHA256 POW, as well as the BCH teams having stated outright they view fungibility as a problem to be fixed and will attempt to do so by using technologies from some of those promising competitors.Basically there's no reason to believe that anything the competitors cook up can't be incorporated into BCH, but none of them get the enormous security and infrastructure from SHA256 POW that BCH will inherit if it slays BTC permanently.
And of course last of all BTC has shown itself utterly unwilling to evolve in any meaningful way.So as far as I can see it, while POW based blockchains are state of the art, it's BCH or bust.
Because someone has to counter the propaganda spewing out of Blockstream.
They only hate Bitcoin Cash because they fear it, go view /r/bitcoin, they refuse to even call it Bitcoin Cash out of fear.
They call Bitcoin Gold Bitcoin Gold because they're not afraid of it, Blockstream is very fucking fearful of Bitcoin Cash.This is a strong buy signal.
Don't regret it, buy Bitcoin Cash.
are there any good ideas for solving fungibility yet?
Monero, Zcoin and Zcash are all pretty promising approaches imho.
why not hold both?
the point of the fork is that you can literally ignore it because you automatically have equal amount in bothdumping one for the other just increases your risk of losing everything
This.
The real winners are the ones that have held both since the fork and kept accumulating.
You're not wrong, it basically boils down to; why not hold Bitcoin and Bitcoin gold?The more confident you are that a fork is valueless, and the more confident the market is at large that it is valuable, the more you stand to lose by being wrong or gain by being right.If you really don't have an opinion then the rational move is to hold both sides exactly as you say.If you are certain one is worthless and the other is the only valuable one, the rational move is to sell off the worthless side and use it to increase your holdings in the valuable side.
I look at it like I can't really justify holding wealth in btc when it has a very real and probable chance of chain death spiralif btc hadn't changed its properties i would be expecting 50k by the end of the year so unless something breaks (see above) even if it gets there on speculation alone I won't feel bad missing unsupported gains
what is the best exchange to margin long BCH if american (cant use bitmex apparently)
What
mommy, mommy, what's long term profitability?
my little pecker can only understand short term
A normal person would build a better mousetrap, not spend their days plotting to sabotage the everyone who bought those original mousetraps.
The first way gets fulfills the revenge fantasy by naturally luring the market.
The second way does nothing but punish consumers.
Do you not see the difference?
I'll also add that I'm more than a little horrified that 4chan is taking crypto cues from juvenile fights about hurty feelings on reddit subs.
A normal person would build a better mousetrapThat's exactly what BCH is, you just don't see it because you're too deep inside the propaganda echo chamber.
Permanently limiting your customer base on a transaction processing network to one megabyte every ten seconds is not a recipe for long term anything except irrelevance.Core and blockstream are destroying the value of the system to privilege their own interests over everybody else's.
If the system doesn't stop them, the system is a joke.
I mean, you can gradually transition away from BTC.
I put 70% into Bitcoin Cash at 12-4 to 1 "odds" you can think of it as.
If more news accumulates supporting Bitcoin's collapse you can shift away to Bitcoin cash.
Obviously at a worse exchange rate before, but there's less uncertainty at that point.
If the system doesn't stop them, the system is a joke.This is truly a test of Bitcoin's decentralized nature.
EVERYTHING has to be replaceable, including the developers if they become corrupted.
Bingo.This guy gets it.
Is he seriously a flat earther?
I believe in flat earth, and if that's true I'll hold my 25 btc with such a fucking iron grip
It's not stupid, that's quite the contrary, if there are rumors they will pump the BCH and dump the BTC then lots of people will want to be part of it and this will amplify their striking power.Self-fulfilling prophecy if you prefer.
You sound Chinese
 I believe in flat earthAre you parodying core supporters in a clever troll, or is it just that they're honestly that stupid generally speaking?
Legitimate.
Whos she?
what about this?
It isn't just the last few blocks that impact difficulty, so how can this even happen?
It can't.
It is retarded fucked over bag holders who want to make it "look like".
Whenever such thing is "coming up" the paid shills and hordes of eternal BCH bagholders show up in this forum and flood the threads with their sad garbage talk.
People lost BILLIONS in the "flippenings", so I wouldn't underestimate their attempts to get some of that money back actually.
You keep missing the point.
The goal is not to make it higher than what it is now.
The goal is to keep it as high as possible before switching.
O(N) is amazingkek
why has the hash rate dropped so much since the last difficulty change?
BCH?
Computer Science theory may or may not be your strong point, but anon...
ad hominemJoke's on you, since I hold a degree in math and CS.
So maybe I'm more qualified than you?
Next time try to refute the actual argument.
I have a Msc in pure mathematics, did modules on complexity theory, know probably 10+ languages, been programming since I was 10, designing a neural network as we speak.
4501229I'm so much smarter, richer and better than the both of you.
Shut it brainlets and buy XMR
Operation Dragonslayer
couldnt be much better than linear scalingPajeet programmers never cease to amaze me
ITS HAPPENING!
WAKE UP FAGGOTS
godamnit it didnt hit my 1175 buy order
THIS IS OBVIOUSLY DRAGONSLAYER-----NO BLOCK SOLVED IN 20 MINUTES, AND AI BUYING AT 1080!SHITS HAPPENINGUnresolved orders: 30.000BUT: 160 satoshis for transfer!!!
THEY ARE ATTACKING!!!!!!!
!WAKE UP!!!!!!!!!!!!!
buy at the top of the pump, it always works out just fine... lol.
those damn chinese and koreans got you 'muritards and eurotrash BAMBOOZLED to no end.
biggest wealth transfer in history, mateys.
GET REKT.
XDDDDD
TL;DR, buy the dip
>BTC gets clockedyou guys convinced me, selling all my BTC right now
sauce?
BIZ WAKE UP
buy the dip in a while
momentum ignitionnothing wrong with taking profits
THIS is operation dragonslayerThe beginning of it anyway.
This isn't even with the majority hash switching yet.
This is just the driving of the price UP.
bump
How much truth is there to this?http://coinmarketcal.com/?form%5Bmonth%5D=11&form%5Byear%5D=&form%5Bcoin%5D=NEO+%28NEO%29&form%5Bcategories%5D%5B%5D=3&form%5Bsort_by%5D=&form%5Bsubmit%5D=
Obviously every miner with money in the side would pour into BCH prior to pulling out the hashrate.
That's the average BCHina supporter.
Bitcoin Trash Bag Holders are just desperate trying to get people to switch to BTrash so that the price goes up and they can sell their bags.
You were dumb enough to buy BTrash at $2k+ so now suck it.
Gregory, pls go
hahahahahahahhahahahahahahhahahahhahahhahhahahhahahhaadouble digit IQs are great
https://www.reddit.com/r/btc/comments/7cs3ms/operation_dragon_slayer/reddit picked it upFOMO is real
a new day, a new FUD
The dragon to be slayed:https://bitcoinmagazine.com/articles/bitcoin-developer-about-take-mining-hardware-industry/I.E.
competition to Bitmain.Get ready for the flames BCH knights :)
If I buy 10 DragonMints... how much power will that be using?
I cant do that at my quaint suburban home can I?
Too bad it looks like Dargonslayer isn't actually about BTC and BCH
IT'S HAPPENING JIHAN GOT BTFOD HARDThis miner is breaking Twitter atm, it's cheaper and better
i see the corecoin retards have taken over a otherwise good post from yesterday.
Nobody's going to buy that cheap looking copycat miner bitmain has a proven track record that will be hard to beat.
mfw I've been making money from minute 1 since I got into crypto.
Initial noob mistakes only made me earn less money but never loseHow do you guys do it?
Do you fomo into literal pajeetcoins or something?
not knowing simple fundamentals of how Bitcoin works>calls others idiots
why do they bother selling them, why not production line this shit,have a team building the miners, and the last guy on the production line plugs them into server rack
(((decentralization)))Also they make huge margins on the sales because there's no competition to drive prices down.
What you just wrote is exactly what bitmain did last years
OP hereSo after the new dragonmint miner release, it's so obviously all this attack on btc and creating bch wasnt just for the purpose of kill btc, it was to avoid getting btfo on btc miningThink about this>invested millions to have a monopoly in btc mining rigs>abuse of your mono position to manipulate market as you control production >finds out about a competitor that would make my assets outdated>finds out that you can't create a better product so you realize how big is the threat>only plan to survive is to have my own coin where I dictate rules >kill old coin so this new tech won't kill meOK dragonslayer is about slaying dragonmint, that was the plan all allong, they just found that btc is harder that what they thoughtIt's over, bitmain is dead as the DEATH SPIRAL ATTACK isn't possible anymore They no longer have the power, we do, users