HOW THE FUCK CAN YOU JUSTIFY A $9.74 TRANSFER FEE?
I WOULD SELL ALL MY CORE TO GET CASH BUT I WOULD LOSE $9.75 JUST FUCKING MOVING IT TO AN EXCHANGE!!!!FUCKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
$9.74?
this is nothing.
Leave this market to the big boys.
Go back to your playstation.
$9.74 is like 10% of my investmentsbegin poor is suffering
It's 5$ just to use an atm.
How fucking poorfag are you?
Less than $100 in cryptoWhy do you even bother?
>currency of the future
What?
Where the fuck do you live?
Without memeing, how does crypto solve this scaling issue?
m8 do you use Coinbase?>send to gdax FOR FREE>convert to ETH>send to exchange>convert back to BTC >buy BCH
That's only with German jew banks anon.
I have an English account and use my card to pay and withdraw anywhere in the world for freeOP, why don't you set your fee lower?Also, the fee didn't increase much since the beginning of the year.
The problem is that BTC/USD did a x7 and so we pay x7 for the fees now (in USD)
Bigger blocks, SegWit, other code solutions.
Many developers are looking into it, no worries.send to GDAX PAYING TX FEES
keep this on the dl, but the BCH devs came up with this little thing called graphene, it's like lightning but doesn't sell out to a third party and centralize the coin like core will do
Speaking of exchanges: Binance or Poloniex?
transfer to eth> cash out in eth
Binance is the best imo
Third worlders will just be eaten.
9.74 dollars is like hotdogs-stand price.
Set lower fee and wait couple of days for the transaction to process?
That's not a good idea
I only worry because it's from China
Yes don't trust them.
Bittrex and Poloniex are much safer as they are based in the US.
If I get scammed then by my own country!!
I tried to move $25 of BTC earlier, they wanted to charge me half of it.
Waited a while, they cut it to $5.
Had to take the loss.
From now, Litecoin and ETH.
dude you dumb?there are no fees moving from coinbase to gdax
Interesting
bittrex and poloniex have no support and freeze accounts for verification, then refuse to verify.
I've had no issues on that front with binance.
$9.74?
this is nothing.
Leave this market to the big boys.
"I-I'm so rich it doesn't matter" is not even a valid argument to justify the ridiculous transfer costs.
Sold all my BTC for ETH, BMC, OMG and PAY.Watching this dick fight between Wu & Core just killed it for me.
ridiculous is a relative term.I'm paying 10 bucks to move 1 btc (or more) constituting 7,000 USD.
Literally kill yourself if you're so poor this actually harms you
money of the future>just a game for rich fiat whales to get richerMake up your mind.
I've never owned more than 0.2 BTC in my life because >I'm not an autist who held BTC when it was still considered worthless>I'm unemployed because waking up to work is a pain in the assI'd also like to remind you that Satoshi built Bitcoin for poor people, not as a get-rich-fast scheme for wagecucks.
So why should anyone give a shit about the concerns of some bitlet who only found out about it this year?
btc to 1 million
Paypal has a 2.9% fee and has chargebacks.
Don't use bitcoin then, you whiney little bitch.
exchange to ltc>send, reaxchange to btc>??
?>profit
BTC belongs to us.
Hodler whales are hurting BTC.It was meant to be a usable currency, not a holding game.
Ideally you should be able to buy a coke with BTC and not pay 10 cokes in transfer costs
btc to 1 million>fees 10kwew.
moving that dollar was totally worth it
This ThreadIt's the way how you spot people who are only able to invest 10$ from mommy
Fuck off toxic cunt.
for richbitcoin didn't cost as much 5 years ago, invest in some shitcoin and hope for the best like we did
This is literally what a deflationary currency is expected to do
Why do you even bother?Obviously he's here to give money to the whales and the miners.
digital gold
fuck off with this Bcash FUD.
your coin is dead.
Take your losses like a man and learn from this experience.
by not using the first most fucking legacy and outdated coin that exists
4375061Did people in the old days spend their gold frivolously on coca-colas and other useless shit?
No they hoarded the fuck out of their gold because it was a precious finite resource they could exchange for expensive/valuable things.
broke-fag detected
transporting real gold is free and quick
And in the time you took to type the post you lost more by not selling bcash at these sick unsustainable prices.
I make 3x that in one hour
yes people used to buy things with gold and silver you clueless goy
Most stock trading apps charge $5-$10 per order.
If $10 is going to break you, then GTFO of crypto, no really, leave, this place will eat you alive
Lol what?
for the current fee posted in the op, it will get the transaction done within the next 2-3 blocks at most.If you're poor then you can set the fee to something lower and wait.At any rate, you're better off not selling BTC for BCH, as BCH will get 2 huge dumps, one in december from bitmex (the exchange itself will dump ALL BCH, it's a good time to short it), the other and one in january from coinbase users
t. neet who never used a bank in his life
In the old west gold Rush a pinch of gold dust got you a shot of whiskey retard.
Jew type saloon owners hired big sausage fingered bartenders to increase profits
remember when bitcoin transactions were less then $0.10?Last transaction ate away $120 in fees.
I literally had to pay $35 for the $20 4chan pass, this was 2 months ago.
BITCOIN IS GARBAGE DITCH IT HIRO
jewish tricksNot surprised
every part of the old west was like CA during the gold rush>calls others retard
I have used paypal and the fee is $0, what's your point?
Bank transfers cost 0 euros, and if you go international then SEPA ones cost about 0.09 eurocentsOH I FORGOT MOST OF YOU ARE AMERICANS
Hamu.
Sending transactions with btc is not for poor people Go use ether or lite coin or even fucking doge.. there is a billion alt coins that have insanely cheap and speedy transactions
No matter how rich you are that is expensive as fuckSo you are okay with working for 20 minutes just to pay a transaction fee...
working for 20 minutes just to pay a transaction fee...rekt btc cult members are such clowns trying to defend this fucking legacy shitcoin.
Pretty sure SEPA is free too, unless maybe you do hundreds of international transfers a month