HOLY FUCK.
Lead developer (Blackstone) went on a cocaine fueled rage spree and banned all of the highest holding stakeholders in the slack.Threatened to cancel the project and leave the slack channel.
Some people spent over 50 grand on this CRAP!
Kek.
people still own this shit?
The people banned were spouting mad fud and generally acting like dickheads aside from Guccimane
> he fell for the scamcoin only pedos would use
where the ODNmarines at.
show yourselves fools i wanna see what a cuck looks like
Threatened to cancel the project and leave the slack channel.Prove it.
Where do we start.....Alan was talking about NEO, Black didn’t do any of that except ban people who were fudding and threatening dumps.
Good job Black!
Yess keep it up, I need more fucking coins, 4 masternodes ain’t enough, this shit is gunna fucking let me retire early next year!
I don't understand why ODN is on the receiving end of so much FUD.
Pro tip, he can’t.
The people who got banned deserved it.
I'm one of the people who got messaged by them.
Same, trying to recruit to fud and dump and then crying after they got caught.
Fucking pajeets lol
Same here but I'm short of one right now but have some zen secure nodes that will provide funding once they launch to close the gap along with some steady mining.
Add my Tezos position and life is going to get comfy.
Pajeet shit tier
ANOTHER WHALE GOT BANNED.
BLACKSTONE IS CRAZY
I bought 5k worth of ODN at the top and sold for a 75% loss AMA.
Digimarines have a higher iq
Why are they getting banned pajeet
This is the end.
Yet another coin that /biz/ shilled has gone to shit
haters gonna hateODN will be successful.
anyone with some patience and vision can see where this project is headed.
absolute domination of the black market.
Sagescam pretending it wasnt him.
said it was a spammer.
its all a big act
this is why i invested in DGBand im not selling!
people spamming FUD and being assholes get removed from slack.
big whoop.
let them dump.
more ODN for me.
>ban anyone who has a masternode>erase slack logsReeks of scam
cant make this shit up.
saving all of these and submitting to the FBI when sagescam leaves and blackstone goes on a killing spree
you heard sage mark.
it was an accident.
now shut your yapper.
it was him.
he is going to pull a worldcoin by dec 4th
let's just move on and fuck another coin!
There's plenty of slacks where the mods don't get it...
 kicked all of the highest holding stakeholders in the slackNot true.Also, why do you keep bringing community into /biz/ like this is some sort of drama show?
You are literally are acting like you have no life.
This is getting as pathetic as daily "deluded arkie" posts.
Are you trying to make Obsidian the new meme?
ITTT; people deactivating themselves on Slack to pretend to be ban-hammeredThis is some petty Fud
Devs say he deactivated himself.>Only they can see the logsyeah, no
Slack has no logs regarding deactivating/banning, one of the growing reasons why Slack sucks
good work, a little more pressure and they'll shut down their slack.
Mods confused, fighting with each other.
They are already getting paranoid.
We'll bring this down.
Pixxl is our friend.
They are still banning anyone who asks something as simple as "what is going on with the bans?"
and now they just disabled the slack from new accounts.
Jordan is about to scam a lot of people for the 3rd time
odn gets the most fud out of all the altcoinsso comfy
This.
Sadly jordan wont be getting away with it this time.
The evidence is stacked
slack was never intended to be used the way crypto fags are using it.
it's for intra business communication.
Yeah pretty much this.
If you want to communicate with the public use forums, social media, email lists.
Slack is for the company to communicate with each other.
how do i short this piece of shit
Im super comfy desu december and january will be fucking great.
Having followed this coin closely from the start I know 99% of the fud is bullshit and based on manipulated inaccurate representations.
honestly i would be pretty fucking pissed with all the shit you biz retards have been pulling these days too.
all because you bought high and refuse to fucking accept YOUR mistake.
no, you gotta attack the coin nonstop 24/7.
at least one guy has literally made attacking ODN his full time job here.
fucking sick.
as if you have the money required to short anything, you faggot
All this fud turns me on mmm I love my ODN
same, been flipping and stacking up nodes for so long now.