let's get it ready!!!!
https://bittrex.com/Market/Index?MarketName=BTC-VTC
grs is releasing their roadmap in 1 or 2 hours, better wait for that moon, not gonna buy those heavy 80k sat bags lol
it's probably going to be full of wallets
sell at 60k?
why not both?
:-)
too low, it'll be 80k+ by mid december anyway (says my crystal ball)
Any link proving that info?
I checked their website but it says like 34 days until the next announcement.
Check their Twitter
sitting at the atl, easy buy for a lot of people, it's going up now
i bought in at 60kthen more at 55kthen more at 50kso i'm ready for this shit to launch
sell at 60k!!
no, too low
r u lyin op
proove
4476829just look at the chart gaylords.
Just bought some GRS.
*Fingers crossed
btc is being dumped, buy walls are increasing on vtc just take a look
Me too,Hold me
is this srs what you're basing this on?
I own bags from $1.2 so idfc but really anon, just a 'best guess'?
https://www.reddit.com/r/groestlcoin/
4476859GRS, VTC and FeatherCoin ALL moon eventually if you hold long enough.
I think there's a whale group that trolls asic resistant coins.
no we're part of a big group, been pumping and taking profits off of some big coins today ;)
because grs will moon harder, believe me.
vrt has a really strong community, yes.
but look at what features grs already has, you can send that fkn coin via sms lol.
ios & android wallet(s) ready and usable.not gonna shill it anymore, do your own research ^_^
Couldn't find an exact time on the roadmap, did you?
One tweet said today, an older Reddit post said the 21st
Looks like a very weak attempt to pump desu
This is why I semi believe OP.
VTC mooned a few days ago, Feathercoin followed, so I believe one of three ASIC memes will be up next.
don't fomo because i told you so
Yeah but why not ride both moon rockets if you?
Assuming they don't happen at literally the exact same time.
I'm not disputing GRS's merits, I think it totally outclasses VTC other than name, branding and image altogether.
Grs isnt even asic resistant.
Check their reddit q and a where they admmited it
Yeah, you're right, forgot about that.
I still lump it into the same category as FTC and VTC though
vtc won't reach 80k sats in anytime soon, it was shilled way to hard on reddit, 4chan, those bags are pretty heavy.
grs only mooned once so far.
TA says 10-14k sats is the real price of grs.like you said, vrt has the name and branding the really try hard effort from their community, but grs will outclass them with their technique easily in the longrun.you should have a look at their roadmap in 1-2 hours
I couldn't find an exact time but i know it's due sometime on the 21st.
I'm just glad I read up on this before the release.
Time to make some $$$.
Midnight?
It's still the 20th here lol, I was assuming US time, makes sense now.
you're telling me this tiny detail is enough for a certified moon mission?how soon is soon?
I think halvening will hype people up, but perhaps not.
it better break 53k on this run
there is no way VTC won't rise after the halving.
90ksats is my estimate.
I was thinking the same, hoping it breaks 100, but I see a new spot at 80 being the minimum.
Are you selling or holding during this swing?
I might drop some bags to buy them back, idk.
i'm selling most of my bags at the halving
HOLY SHIT HERE WE GO FAGGOTS
Cool, that's what I was originally intending to do to.
I'm just getting worried I might miss some of my long term holds at such sweet prices.
Mostly REQ, since it's got news in December too and everyone gears up early usually.
Just a reminder this was like 70k just a few days ago and has a halvening coming up that will be a KNOWN moon mission.
Even the top of this pump will be relatively cheap if you hold til mid December.
the thing about this crypto scene is that the amount of investment over the next year is going to triple.
Normies are flooding in by the hundreds.
As long as you put your money in a sound project you should see a return on your investment.
good luck mate.
44769324477185Wha's a reasonable sell order for GRS tomorrow?
I'm going with 9k & 11.5k
Yeah I'm aware, but still seeking maximum profit and minimal risk of course.
And good luck to you!
Any long term holds on your end?
I've got little stashes of LINK, RCN and REQ personally.
Hoping to cash out nicely EOY 2018 or Q1 2019.
if your 11k is never executed, will u be mad?
Or do you see it getting there regardless eventually?
I set mine to dump all at 9k.
xmr.
highly recommend checking out some of their videos regarding their technology.
some really incredible stuff.
actually bought in monero at 85k recently so I am comfy AF right now :)
it's 70% 9k and 30% 11k, but I don't mind holding these bags, the next 'big' announcment (which happens every 3 month) is only 30 days away, I think you can compare it almost to vtc halving value.
and the grs team delivered pretty hard in the past
Lol nice, I've been swinging XMR, ETH and LTC for awhile but probably should've just held each desu.Cool, thanks.
That being said I think each of those three are growing to grow A LOT with the upcoming market growth + BTC drama.
They're nice little safe havens.
yeah man.
eth reminds me of linux.
good vibe.
ltc isn't bad but it's value will surely go up.
monero has the highest ceiling of them tho.
the concept of a truly anon blockchain is revolutionary.
Thanks!
Will definately check that out!!
Yeah I hold more XMR than any other of my holds, excluding my long term moon dreams.I hope LN and Segwit helps LTC see popular usage too.
LTC should be at least $100 minimum imo, it's just so fucking slow in growht and price lol
Yep spotted whale movement on VTC it's gonna happen next 48 hours
WHY THE FUCK IS VERT GOING DOWN SO LOW?
WTF
chip dipz before the storm
They do it on purpose lmao.
Earlier 'someone' sold the 15k vtc buy wall instantly.
Just whales playing with their prey
4478127It's the Tether shit guys.
Everything is going down.
Yeah I noticed what do you mean ?every one going into tether ?
Yep, it is, HODL RIGHT NOW.
It will rebound sharply just like it did last time to the $5 range once btc recovers.
oh shit i see what you mean !
man that means them mt gox spec shitfinnex rumours are real!
no it's FUD.
Google Tether that shit has been a known scam for literally ages.
They just announced they were "hacked".
Don't worry they weren't that big just wait out the red and buy the dip.
ture, was my understanding that Bitfinex were part of Tether from other readings so much fud these days haha.
i'll HODL it out.
yeah dude you're good this really isn't that big of a deal unless you were dumb enough to hold Tether
moving to grs soon
Hey, nice call OP!
Climbed from 49 to 52 then the entire market shat its pants.
Idk, probablly won't go bellow 50c.
Bought at 53 and am waiting for what is going to happen after a hour when market starts pumping.
I mean, those that PnD did that yesterday already?
I don't see it crashing lower than 50c.
However, they might pump it again after this dip.
I hope my logic is right, but we will see that in about 1-2 hours.
It also has some nice volume.What do you guys think?