While there are blood in the streets we can make profits with some low undervalued alts.
This is the next walton, already having millions of customers, funding from vitaliks fund and south america, not to mention various credit unionsRCNI told you it would hit 1600 floor and it has and now it is slowly going to climb back up.
This coin will easily x10, the exchange is being added on Wensday so everyone is acculmulating right now.
On binance and bittrex, buy while you can.
This is my last post.
You guys gave me the gift of watlon, vert, neo and eth.
I've made my money off of these and I want to give it back to all of you.
THanks guys.
Last chance, this is the floor, screen shot this now because it will only sky rocket from here.
Anyone has any questions I will answer it about RCN
sell me why this gonna moon
What the fuck is RCN
s, they have an existing business (https://www.ripio.com/en/) and customers to easily sell this to.
Thats huge for adoption.
Thats why OMG is what it is.
Do you deny this?The ICO pre-sale had NO BONUSES.
Do some googling please.
But even if there were, what does Tim Draper have to gain from making 10% on 10 Million?
When you're in the billions you're only concerned with making 100s of millions.
Thats why they invest in ICO and HOLD.
Maybe he'll dump some when its 3-400M market cap, probably not till its nearing a billion (est.
Q1 2019) or more.Its a little pumped right now but may not go much lower.
Long term it won't matter.
Market cap= 67 Million.What problem it solves: A global peer-to-peer credit network based on co-signed smart contracts.With RCN you aren't limited to just borrowing crypto (btc,eth etc) you can borrow any currency in the world.
(USD,CAD,YEN)The RCN team has over 15 developers and genius advisors such as Sergio Lerner the cofounder of rootstock.Key investors= Bilionaire Tim Draper; The guy that found skype in 2005 and sold his share for 1 billion USD recently, the guy that bought 30,000bitcoin from the us goverment during the silk road closure.Bilioniare Lu Guanqiu ceo of the company Fenbushi Capital;Once called “China’s Elon Musk” for buying out an American hybrid-electric car company,Lu Guanqiu is the founder of Wanxiang Group, one of China’s largest automotive parts manufacturers.^ These guys do not fuck around google there history.This coin was added on bittrex A WEEK AFTER being released.
Name one coin recently that was added to bitterx instnatly?
This coin is serious...do you think these billionaires would invest in this coin if it wasn't going to literally 50x?
Follow the smart money /biz/ It literally is around ICO price.
Last piece of information for you guys who can't google.
I am only doing this because I remember how it was to be someone who wouldnt want to spend 10 minutes googling for a potential x10>The market for alternate finance gained popularity in recent years.
A finding by Transparency Market Research suggests that “the opportunity in the global peer-to-peer market will be worth $897.85 billion by the year 2024, from $26.16 billion in 2015.
The market is anticipated to rise at a whopping CAGR [Compound Annual Growth Rate] of 48.2% between 2016 and 2024.”>While Research and Markets estimates the global P2P lending market to grow at a CAGR of 53.06% during the five year period between 2016 and 2020.
Morgan Stanley in a report in 2015 predicted that such marketplace lending would command $150 billion to $490 billion globally by 2020.>http://www.nasdaq.com/article/the-rise-of-peertopeer-p2p-lending-cm685513Ripio's value is not based on a coin gimmick, the tech behind RCN is nothing special.
Ripio's value comes from the fact that it has proven people going into an industry that is sure to rise and they will start making money in the near future, not 2-3 years from now, but NEXT year.
They got many pieces ready, their roadmap ends in April for God's sake.I started with 1k and I have made enough to pay off my college debt thanks to you guys so this is how I return the favor
The absolute lowest I see this going is 1500 sats, I have buy orders spaced between 1500 to 1650.
This will be x2 by next week due to incoming news and even more when people learn about it and start shilling it here and on reddit
That's all I got folks, make sure to screencap the info and spread it along to others if you feel like you think this coin will amke it.
Enjoy the gains anyone who invested.
Eh, I've heard shit like this dozens of times already but...
I might as well give this a try since I've made some BTC due to all this kerfuffle today.
It's ok to have doubts, dont put anything in because this will most likely drop back to 1600 again within a few weeks but if you check bittrex it's already lifting off of the floor
People get too scared but in reality don't fomo and just wait.
THe price will definitely x2 but dip back down and correct and you can get in then.
I wish I had more money on exchanges I could dump into SALT while it's low.
I have alot of faith that when it launches it'll hit $10.Bank transfers take a week.. how can I get money into exchanges so I can start buying alts tomorrow?
4315631Thanks for the heads up.
I'll keep an eye on it.
You can use a credit card transfer on coinbase so that it's instant but a fee.
SALT has potential too but I feel like long term it wont be successful.
You can easily credit card buy off of coinbase, buy some etheruem and then trade that and buy some alts tommorow at their lowest no problem, if one person can possibly be richer thats good enough for me
On the tail end of this debacle, investors will move into more stable alts, with grounds for positive change from bankable announcements.
Not shit coins.
I am personally going onto a few, i.e.
Storj, LISK, OMG etc.
Lisk is more stable and OMG is a steal at this price
As you can see RCN has gone up 200 sats aka 1/8th in value since this thread has been posted.
Bought 3k at 1855 sats, hope I don't get fucked over OP
yeah like a p and d?
Zencash Is going to FUCKING MOON.Mark my words.I don't like this coin but OH FUCK its going to do a x2
Coins like this are often targetted for pump n dumps but if few maintain a constant upwards trend despite these.
This is one of the few coins I believe will maintain an upward trend.
Look at DNT if you want an idea of an unsustainable pump and dump, 200 sats in an hour is normal lol You can most likely sell out when it reaches 1900 sats, it will dip again by 2 weeks as long as you can handle watching it go up to 4k sats and not fomo in.
Sold my BCC for a nice 2x profit, unfortunately though it seems my USDT is frozen, why is this?Just wanted to buy some fucking bitcoins got dayum
Everything is fucky with the korean manipulation and high amount of traffic.
If you are really that desperate Ethereum can be used but honestly I feel like my best purchases have been made when I am panicking but forced to not buy
How so?
Zencash is a popular pump and dump target, I can see it easily going up but shortly going down, sort of impossible to tell without inside information so be wary and set sell orders if you do get in.
Sold my BCC for a nice 2x profit, unfortunately though it seems my USDT is frozen,You sold one shitcoin for the safety of another.
Get out in to something solid like ETH as soon as you can, before Tether is exposed for the same that it is.
yeah probably time to get off this roller coaster before i throw up
It's been two hours lol you crypto noobs are so impatient.
Try a few months before pulling you fools

Good alts won't stay down for a few months.
I don't think you have been in the market for very long if you think this.
IOTA
In this order:CFDAbsolutely tiny marketcap at currently around 6 million, partnerships already with big names, incentivized holding of tokens as tokens will receive 0.7% of all tx fees on their platform.EPY, another small marketcap coin, around 2 million, alot of potential but alot of work needs to be done first, no partnerships so far but very lucrative marketspaceZENCASH, by far the best privacy coin, they are building not only a coin but a platform for ultimate security and decentralized apps.
founders are 3 ex military people and they have over 30 people in their dev teamRCN, very promising candidate, big partnerships already announced, starts to kick in April 2018. platform is already in alpha
ok buying up thousands now - will sit on for a few weeks