Seriously how the FUCK do people come up with startup ideas?People keep saying "good ideas aren't worth anything, it's the team and drive behind them" but I'm bursting with drive and can't seem to come up with an idea.Seriously how the hell do you generate them?
tfw not rich.>tfw not having sex with a cosplayed cutie every night.
You gotta be like "FUCK I can't stop spilling my spaghetti out of my pockets" that's where you invent pockets made out of vinyl zip lock bags.
Finding solutions to every day problems.Prototype, MVP, manufacture, sales and marketing, build a team, funding, scale, repeat until you're in massive debt to pay off.
billion dollar idea right here
Seriously how the hell do you generate them?If you need to ask the question you're a fucking low IQ moron and I can already tell you won't succeed.
You don't.
You befriend some very smart but initiativeless person and make their ideas a reality and take 95% company ownership and throw them some crumbs.That's how startups usually work.
fucking easily man, here have these:- An app market place for trades work.
People post jobs, trades people accept/do jobs.
- Manufacturing.
Simply find an area that has a product you think is over priced and make a better one.
Source cheap materials, and start building that shit- Import / Export - similar to the last one but get some company in china to make the product and sell a shitty version- crypto mining.
right now you can get your investment back in a bit over a year, depending on electricity prices- ISP.
depending on where you live there may be laws that say telcom companies have to rent out lines to other companies.
or hell get a massive wifi tower/radius login and offer cheap wifi - start a news website.
make bots that copy/rewrite news from other sites.
advertise and get big.
- find some good open source software and repackage it / sell it
Increase alpha brain waves
Oh these are actually some nice ideas, thanks.
- An app market place for trades work.
People post jobs, trades people accept/do jobs.OP, make something like this, but somehow focus on getting it... global.Like, a problem I have is when visiting a third world country, I'd like to hire someone local to do all kinds of stuff.
But it's hard to actually find such a person.
Despite them being poor as fuck.
I don't have the contactsMaybe they don't all have smartphones so you can have a manager in the city who farms out the work...Another idea I'd like to see is a "travel ideas" type website... Where you can get inspiration of where to go and also an idea of what the place is like.
Something I find is Google Street view is the best to get a feel of an area.So I can imagine, you put in a location and it shows photos, videos of the streets from that area.
Maybe with categories like nature etc.
And you can select categories and it hones in and shows more similar things in that area......a more specific idea, maybe something like an automated travel agent.
So I type in a destination, or just give my current location and a budget.
I can select different areas to view (kind like the previous idea) and it will show my available flights, airbnb/accommodation, info on local transport and costs, necessary visas...
So the website should provide all the information I need to get from my current location to a certain destination and stay there for a period of time
Being rich is having a cosplay cutie orgie every night and getting blown while I check my blockfolio
 nonasian cosplayingPass.
Let me help you, it's about taking risks, it's hard road and it is full of traps and pitfalls.
I spent the years from 2011 - 2017 eating at shelters and having the most wretched living conditions compared to my countrymen, i worked shit jobs and i hated myself while i contemplated suicide every week but finally it paid off and the company started earning money and now i got my chance as long as i don't blow it.
I am not going to ask how old you are but get connections, have friends that have different talents.
even better that you always are down for a business idea, its hell but you might succed.Buying my first home soon 
Apparently it doesn't fix your E tier taste though.Frankly putting that image in a thread with OP's image is offensive.