And remember, let the game come to you!
It's going to come back, bch is a much better version of btc
Did he really say that or was it just a fake leak
>trusting poojews
He really did.
Hes trying to compensate for missing out on the first pump.
He did, and him saying it probably got a lot of people who were on the fence to buy.
I know I did.
Fuck that guy.
"the copening"
% FAKE
shit on it
It is 100% FAKE.
In fact he specifically said NOT to buy it.
Jihan says flip it
Its not if you watch the Q&A yesterday they was talking about buying it at that range when it pulls back.
lol he did say it, but said only put 1 grand at most
He specifically said in an email to subscribers that they were not holding or buying it.
The email was a couple of weeks ago.
If he changed his opinion, he did not let his subscribers know.
You clearly wasen't watching the Q&A
The Q&A was not for current subscribers.
I am sure some watched it, but most did not.
fact he specifically said NOT to buy it.>He specifically said in an email to subscribers that they were not holding or buying it.Make up your mind.
http://palmbeachgroup.com/buy-alert-bitcoin-cash-bch/It was in his buy alerts, he did say it.
THIS IS FAKE
I have said nothing confusing.
If you are confused then you have a reading comprehension problem.
with 500 to a thousand dollars as a midterm hold.
You did all that right?
gives him a real link to buy alert>it-it's fake
He called short term hold on it.
Fuck off out of here.
Take your racist bullshit somewhere else.
Shit goes up and down guys.
Teeka is nothing but a pnd artist but even he knows not to buy shit near its ath.
He knows something or was paid by Roger and co.
Either way, there's probably a pump coming
racist bullshitLooks like you're projecting, I didn't say anything racist.
>protecting this shit so hardLooks like I stumbled on something here.
Teeka dick slurpers?
Teeka himself?
holy shit look at that shnoz and those beedy eyes.
nothing says honesty like a grinning wretch
Nice denial asshole.
You thought nobody would call you out on it, but I did.
Now you look like an idiot to everyone.You are a racist, because you are talking about "fake news" just like the fucking alt-right morons over at pol.At this point nobody gives a shit what you have to say.
You aren't welcome here.
Fuck off.
u must be an emotional trader.
If BCH starts mooning I'll just transfer some bitcoin and sell before the dump.
Meanwhile I'm earning money on bitcoin now.
It's not a damn competition, you're here yo trade + make money I assume.
It does look like a pennant is forming, might not be a bad buy in at 980 out at 1100-1200
Unless you sold at the peak of that 1 day pump.
A pump you would have missed if you werent staring at Coinmarketcap every couple of hours.
Then you would have made more money just holding BTC and fucking w/e hole you fine sexually appealing that is also of legal and moral age.
It's not a damn competition, you're here yo trade + make money I assumeFucking THIS.
Quit fighting each other cunts, we're all here to make money
FUCK OFF!
FUCK OFF!
FUCK OFF!
gives real link>can't deny it so uses strawman racist bullshitSorry Teeka dickrider, not gonna work.
Yes he did say to buy BTH, but these Teeka shills are trying to keep his credibility pristine so they can pump the next shitcoin that comes out of his mouth.
That is the angle right there.
I figured as much.
And because of these fuck faces on this thread, I'm going to bumping this shit up right now.
https://www.reddit.com/r/CryptoCurrency/comments/7aqnmm/palm_beach_research_is_a_known_scam_organisation/>in b4 reddit