AAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHH CONFIDO IN FREEFALL ON KUCOIN I'VE LOST 1ETH ALREADY SELL SELL SELL AAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
I can't believe I fell for DGB Jr!AAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
I knew this fucking shitcoin was too good to be true.
What did you expect from a shitcoin partnered with chainlink?
Into the toilet it goes.
It is GLORIOUS.
I am the guy that warned you like 100 times in this thread.
Who could have guessed people take their profits when they did x14?Hahaha.
It's just extremely volatile right now, it will bounce up and down for a while until it finds it's right price.
It won't really crash at this point though.
The "right price" for this coin which has no working product and is run by 4 college grads (only 3 of which are full time) is around 15 cents.It was a great buy at ICO due to the minuscule market cap, it's quite frankly suicidal to buy it right now.
It's overbought, a panic sell off is inevitable.
There are just 6 pre-salers and the rest only invested 500 bucks.
After a 1500% increase all those idiots are now basically mini-whales and have no idea what they're doing so shit's going crazy up and down.More exchanges now with Kucoin or Binance later will stabilize the price over time cents would be a 2 million market cap which is super low for crypto evaluation
more pepe suicide pics plz
-10k doesn't make you a mini-whale.
Here you go
thxpoor pepe...
:(
What did you expect from ANYTHING associated with Vitalik.
Money Skelley invoked the Trump Curse.
He will die of AIDS in 7 weeks.
Screencap.
Oh no, don't do it!
Literally anyone can go look at the chart and see it hasn’t fallen at all.
What the fuck are you guys smoking?Oh wait, it’s literally just people who are too pussy to buy trying to justify their decision and tell each other they were right
Reqiuescat in pace
Good time to buy in then, im more of the type who buys a token based on the whitepaper and how good I think the business model is.
The gains you see in the short term will dwarf what I will make if I manage to pick just 1 of the next big players in the rapidly expanding world of crypto.To put things into perspective Amazon when it was new, was only at ~$ 1-2.
If I gave up and sold during the crash of 2000-2001 I would not have gotten the gains I have now.
It's a dead coin, it's over and the fact I won't have three people on my ass for saying this will show it's dead.
Ethbet 2.0
It's sitting at 12x ICO
4246896>I bought a coin at the top of a 20x moon and now it's a shitcoin because it corrected to 12x and has been stable above 10x since release.>I couldn't just listen to the threads shilling the ICO and be well in the green.
>FUDers BTFO
Exactly.This thread is just a circle jerk for people who missed Confido and now they are fudding it out of envy.