https://www.cnbc.com/2017/11/15/cramer-squares-bitcoin-play-is-big.htmlGET THE FUCK IN YOU FREAKS.
WE ARE GOING TO MARS.
lets fucking goooo get rekt deluded neets
Shit like this makes me realise just how early in the game we are.
https://www.cnbc.com/2017/11/15/cramer-squares-bitcoin-play-is-big.htmlBack in 2014 I thought I was late to the fucking game, not so much now
Still early days in the grand scheme of things, my dude
Square will test it out and find it is useless.Are they really going to want to wait 24 hours for confirmations with fees less than a dollar?Or are they going to like the current $15 fees for 1 hour confirmations?
Man, when Circle let you buy bitcoin, it was like really good.
I dont remember paying any fees on buying with bank account, and instantly transferring the coins out with no tx fees.
Then the long bear market saw companys like that stop supporting bitcoin.I guess square wants to take it slow.
normies flood into BTC by the millions>mempool completely freezes over because mining BCH is more profitable>all their money is stuck>the entire crypto market crashesM A D M A N
ethereum has a chance to make an impactparity wallet freezes 300 million dollarstheir lead developer advocates child molestationethereum never recovers
all this fud is yummy in my tummy
Bag cucks genuinely forcing themselves to believe that payments will not be handled internally, but will rely on end-to-end crypto transactions.
... but... but BCH!
Lol, square will keep a decent amount of BTC on hand to allow transfers.
You won't physically own the BTC you buy until you need to move it.
In that way they you still have control over some amount of BTC you bought, but square also doesn't have to tie up BTC for each person for however long the transactions take.
It's pretty similar to a bank, man.
Your money isnt physically at the bank, but some amount of money is.
And because of that the bank will let you have some of their money and you don't have to worry that they also used your money to loan to Joe shmoe