The best coin on the market.>Best privacy coin, bar-none>Superior network algorithm to every coin on the market>Near impossible to trace>Incredibly secure from network attacks>Top-tier develop and research team>developing Kovri, a TOR replacement that allows anonymous internet use.If you don't own XMR, you're fucking up big time.
i doi could only afford 1.5
mining 0.1 coin per day.
Keep acquiring, this is a marathon, it's still cheap
That's pretty damn good, desu.What pool do you use?
I sold all of mine at around $70.
I am def buying once XMR dips to around 90, it has one of he best value props of any crypto right now
miningpoolhub
you forgot>miner built in official wallet
I once owned over 1000, now I'm poor.
do you think it can reach 500$ in 2018 ?
I took that for granted, so fuckin great
Werent researches recently able to actually deanonomize monero?
at this rate, $1000 isn't unimaginable Start all over
Not that I've heard, gotta link?
Why should I buy this?
The Hacker Known as 4Chan will just steal all of my XMR.
https://ipfs.io/ipfs/QmWYTeggKeL8xBitA8uQWAaNDWfFrUHXAxBXkvmnisdDw7scholarly journal linking it
I think pre-ringCT transactions from 2016 but not new ones.
XMR THE KING
and what rig?
Same here, in love with Vega 56
got tired of the quick pnd coins because im a terrible trader.
went all in on monero, slow and steady wins the race
crypto newb...which wallet supports monero?
Since Monero has 100% new code compared to Bitcoin, it has no multi-wallets that support it yet.
But it does have a few good walletsAndriod: Monerujo, getmonero.org wallet might be ported soon.Desktop: Official getmonero.org walletWeb: mymonero.com (also a light wallet, doesn't require a node)iOS: mymonero.com wallet will be ported as soon s Apple passes it.Hardware: None right now, but there will be a Monero Community Hardwallet (in first testing phase), Ledger (soon), and Trezor (???)
it's definitely being made difficult on holders by someone.
very tempting to try to trade.
there's a big risk one day you never get to buy back in though