When will alts moon?
I'm sick of this shit I made so much money when all alts were pumping but now I'm below my initial investment.
I would have been better off holding btc, what a waste of fucking time!!!!
don't sweat OP at least you have all the money you made
I really miss the alt markets too :(
Dont blame yourself, BTC pumping hard and alts dumping happened because of hard manipulation.
Seriously look at the charts when BTC is about to dip, its totally inflated with Tether money.
Also, look at the reason it pumped to this price?
Free fork coins, then they suddenly cancelled it.
Its total bullshit.Now they have no scaling plan indefinitely and keep using the store of value meme to justify Bitcoin's existence.
BTC is the ultimate shitcoin even though I'm grateful for it making me good money when i was in college.
Just the other day, I had to pay $18 for a fucking transaction.
The fuck is this?
march - june was comfy
/2I dont like making large transactions, I normally spread large transactions into smaller ones just in case I make a mistake copy pasting something.
The Bitcoin fees quickly add up when you do several transactions.
I split a fucking large transaction into multiple small transactions during this BCH drama and it cost me as much as a session with a hooker.
FUCK THIS SHIT.
Maybe now.https://pastebin.com/D09wHy2W
is that an abstract pink wojak
working product with good dividend talk about asset coin
I mean is it me or is this the most important document posted on biz today.
https://pastebin.com/D09wHy2WCan you give me a quick rundown on this?
Its too fucking long.
I aint clickin that shit.
Give us the basic gestalt?
Rome thought they could not pay their barbarian mercenaries.Rome is about to have their shit wrecked.
care to elaborate?
In this context, who is Rome, and who are the mercenaries?
To quit it with the mystery and draw attention with flashing red lights to the relevant part;Right.10% drop in price = drop in miner hash ratedrop in miner hashrate = drop in transaction throughputdrop in transaction throughput = drop in pricedrop in price = drop in miner hash rateSee the loop?
Holy shit.
Is this recursive death blow legit though?
I mean does each statement really hold true?
don't use bitcoin for transactions.
use eth or ltc instead
this a million times ffshow can people still not understand this
That's why it's a full dialogue with all the reasoning and assumptions flesh out and included.
Figure it out for yourself.
Don't trust some completely anonymous person on the internet with a critical business decision.But yes, as far as I can see, it is legitimate.
4356486The country i live in only allows you to buy BTC using fiat.
Its like coinbase for our country.
Seriously think about it, aside from the store of value meme its total shit.
So I'm going to assume that is in reference to BTC?
I'm still not clicking the link.
Its fucking pastebin bro.
Its safe kek.
I'm actually reading it right now.
trusting a link posted on 4chan, everyeah nah, I'll just let you guys paraphrase it for me.
lmao dude you can click on links to safe websites here as long as you're not an idiot and click on twltter.com instead of twitter.com, for example.