
>> $44L M A OMAO
all in + daytrading.high risk high reward.do it.
damn.
i legit feel sorry for some of yalli must have spend that in transaction fees alone that today not even memeing
I know dude, I cry everytime
Will I make it?
poorfag thread
too spread out for that amount of moneyyou should have 3-4 decent sized positions like $500-1000 so you can build your stack if you get a moonWith those small positions you are checking on too many things and get almost nothing out of them unless they 5x or some shitNAV and ZEN are good coins tho, $500ish in each and you'll boost your stack 25-50%+ easily next time they pump
How poor will I be in a year?
Your spread too thin.
I'd sell everything for REQ and VTC, they both have big news in December.
MOD is promising AFAIK but that's all I know.
Keep Zen, Nav and idk about COSS but cash out everything else
I will do better lol.
In 2 years.
R8 or H8 my bags:10k LINK 5K REQ 2K RCN$50 VTC1 NEO, ZEN, XMR, LTC, 0.5 ETH, and 0.05 BTC.
Also picked up some QSP (quantstamp) today on a whim.
I'm just really counting on REQ going astronomical.
And I'm looking into Mod and RDN.
Total and utter shit do you hate money?
If you really feel sorry for us then give us some BTC :^)1L1FfTwr99f2ySfvXJnPGduPP7JqpkE3nX
Will I make it should I sell AMB and AST for REQ?
Thanks anon.
I keep putting little amounts into coins I like instead of properly committing.
I'll cull some now.Do you think that sticking with four is still too many if I were to up my fiat a bit?
VTC and REQ and I long term believe in ARK and XMR
I might sell dgb but i will def keep adding in the others untill i reach 2500-3000 spread invested.Show your folio.
I really feel REQ is gonna boom in Q1.
I'd sell all but REQ, ETH and BTC but diversify to a couple more also.
No I think four is fine!
It's just if you start going upward of 6+ at our poorfag level it really dilutes your moon missions.
Imagine the feeling of $10 turning into $100 when you know you could've put $100 and had $1000.
Ark and XMR are solid mid term holds, hard to say anything is long term here :^)Can you defend your choices on the others?
My portfolio is as follows:Long term holds of LINK and REQ (10k each), dabbling into a position in RCN, QSP, RND and VEC.
Small position in VTC for December halvening, and I have 1 LTC, ETH, XMR and NEO for swing trading atm (I change it up for whatever I'm feeling, made a bit off BCH).
Then the last 0.05 is BTC.
Lel bitcoins gonna crash and stabilize then so will everything else crypto is a joke
Nice.
Bnt and link mid to longterm, golem ultralongtermgamble.
I should have used oppurtunities to boost my stack..
make what, those fries you're employed to cook?
Probably not if you're spending time here instead
Not necessarily, times are a changin my friend Not so nice lol.
When I said 10k I meant 10k of the currency, not in usd.
My whole portfolio is under 4k.
What's BNT?
I think Golem is toast desu, even if it comes back there won't be much to be made, storage coins never make it (for now).