Soon.
f
Once 4444444 hits, MOON
F
The Bch pump only happened to shake bitcoin from bitcoin holders.
It's only going to bleed out from here.
I'm 98% in bch, and I know it's not gonna stop bleeding soon, I got cucked by the pajeets and it dropped whilst I was at work.
I think in a few months maybe, but I don't expect anything until December at the earliest.
I started with $1175 usd.
Next wave of shakeout incoming, pepper your angus.
Soon it will be 0.05 BTC where it belongs?
Soon.Sooner.
right now you have the choice ofBlockstreamcoin or Bitmaincoinboth need to die
Not backing up a good chunk of your investment with BTCIt's like you hate money
I'm watching for another pump this weekend.
not soon.
the miners will continue to pump BTC while slowly offloading onto corecucks until the difficulty adjustment next week.
then flippening
i would unironically double my long position at that price while halving my cost avg
operation dragonslayer is 2x fork
>BCH still holding strong at $1000 despite BTC approaching $8000Holy fuck the next BCH pump is going to be glorious.
XD
this desu, pumped from $200 to $600 then dumped back to $200pumped to $900 then dumped to $350pumped to $2500 then dumped to $1k as of nowyou can see where im going with this, im going unironically buy the dip at $800 and bide my time, i dont beleive in the flippening but if you think there wont be another big chinkpump your simply deluded.
when the whales have decided that btc has pumped enough then boom the sell walls on bch will come down and bch will moon hard :)
When that happens, I'm prepared to dump an amount of money into Bitcoin that, from its size, can only compare to my penis.
BCH still holding strong at $1000 despite BTC approaching $8000Anon, I...
lmao wait till that selling pressure hits ver's "buywall" and the shit disappears
The coin is filled with literally billions and billions of dollars worth of bagholders.
Good luck bud
PAID FOR BY: Jihan Wu and companyShill Inc. All rights reserved 2018
No point in talking about it if it's such a miniscule sum, then.
because there is a large buyorder at 0.1
never look at $ price, only at sats.
i learned the hard way that it is never worth it to hold something if BTC outperforms it.
It's not necessarily soon.
It's likely that either they are doing it while killing BTC chain after next BTC difficulty adjustment, or they are going to do it when BTC starts going downwards after this rise.I don't want to wait 10 days though.
Reminds me the BANCOR buywallDestroyed then -40% sinceLMAOAll hail to the king BTC !
tfw bought BNT at 50k sats thinking it couldnt go any lower
BANCOR IS LITERALLY UNSTOPPABLEARRRRRRGGGGGGHHHHHH
this is now a BILU thread
Talking of which, how wide actually is a dollar bill?
This is almost it.
That wall on Bittrex is not going to last.I want to see BitMEX take it down.
lmao, is this literally going to be the same thing over and over again?
anyone buying in at $300 again?
If it can make it all the way down to 0.04 I'm going all in.
Jihan will try and pull something againThough this entirely depends on when that is.
I'm not buying in if it's close to the time Coinbase is going to make all the previously locked BCH available
Nice Storj there anon, do you actually contribute a bit of your space or are you in it only for the value?
reminds me of link meme thread
shorting bcash for fun and profit feels good man
Coinbase is going to make all the previously locked BCH availableah yes, i forgot about that!
i'll buy when the coinbase cucks start dumping.
ye ye dream harder