I have a good credit score.How can I use this to make money?
How do rich people leverage debt and loans?
rich people dont borrow money to make money thats why there rich.
GOOD GOY
Are you implying businesses do not borrow money?What successful business do you know that doesn't borrow money?
Even people like Trump take loans.
What?
but yes indeed borrow 500k when you only make 50k a year and o yes the 8 percent yearly intrance rate on that is surely ok but goy you have 30 years to pay it off.500000*0.08=40000*30=1.2million ya good investment
trump takes loans on land.
witch allways increase they dont borrow 500k and buy a lambo
The best piece of advice i can give you is take out a second mortgage, however much they are willing to give you and put it all into LINK.
but hey goy you can refinance in 10 years so you get a better rate goy this is a solid plan
4276116Can someone who isn't a NEET please reply?When the fuck did I say anything about a lambo?
You can use it to mae money by presenting an actual business plan.
Anyone can get a loan.
Can you get a business loan?
Its not about credit score its about possibility of success.
You know how i know you are retarded?
Who the fuck pays 8 percent mortgage on 500k and only pays minimum payment then pays out the entire mortgage at the end of the 30 years?
im not a neet i work in oil feild and have abuch of money in cytro i drive a old truck and buy everything in cash.
i dont spend money on stupid shit.
if you want to start a company (constuction like my self) buy equiment when you can afford it and start to take on small jobs then invest it back into your company.
if you go and buy 500k of equipment for your company you will fail since i saved you 500k you can tip me 154GWhKLzpdHwseaJRRzZRm4Krx93UUcCC bitcoin
A fucking rig pig giving financial adviceMy sidesGo blow your money on cocaine and roasties you beggar
i know alot of people that do this.
i work for a oil feild company and owner pays 10k a mouth to rent a shop for use to store trucks in.
he makes 3 million a year on a bad year.
people in this world are fucking stupid.
people also masterbat to my little pony and you call me stupid
im not like most people on a rig but i agree with you on that statement.
im off today due to someone dieing on location.
cocan is needed sometimes