I see that a lot of alt right activists claim to be rich and successful.
I’m wondering, how common is it for rich successful people to believe in ethnonationalism?I always thought that that kind of ideology and the intensity to the ideology comes with traits and characteristics that are unfit for successful career.
Fuck off to pol u nigger kike
No pls tell me.
I’m dying to know about this
saged and hidden
Israelis, Saudis and most East Asians are successful and they're all ethnonationalists by Western standards.Successful people are extremely cliquish, not very surprising considering the concept of money is based on trust.
What i meant is that whether rich successful people want their countries to be 100% white or not.
And whether they believe in this idea that different races belong in where they came from or not.
Like, is racism common in rich successful people?
Because i believe that successful people always have the ideal traits and personalities that good moraled humans should have.
Rich people are very racist but they want mud slaves and to humiliate ordinary people, so they love importing shitskins.
I see that a lot of alt right activists claim to be rich and successful.
Um, yeah, somehow you missed the vast majority that aren't rich and successful bragging about how broke and what loser they are
Because i believe that successful people always have the ideal traits and personalities that good moraled humans should have.Yeah those cartel leaders with the rooms full of cash are definitely morally upright citizens
>I see that a lot of alt right activists claim to be rich and successfulClaim bring the operative word.
Every alt right activist I've met in real life has been poor, and they always blame somebody else.
Somehow being right wing is inherently linked to capitalism in the US which is ironic because you need capitalism to enable a globalist world.For poor people it often boils to the fact that they rather choose not have gibs if that means tyrone won't get gibs either.
.