I lost everything.
I went all in on Confido after reading their whitepaper.
I honestly thought it was an ingenious idea.
I spent over 10 BTC on this....and now...I've just lost everything.
It's not even funny.
I can't even post pink wojaks.
I lost absolutely everything....how do I go on.
do I buy more confido??
double down?
or just double down on quitting crypto...JUSTed.
F
That fucking dog makes me laugh every timeCheer up OP, at least you're not a hugless kisless 24 year old virgin like me
You could literally build a better product than they promised for under 1 BTC.
Its just an app, a json parser, API integration to that dispute resolution.
All in on alts without stop loss.Bro..
Sorry to hear about your loss, I personally would try to sue the devs.
10 BTC is no small loss these days
mfw sold at 20x
>>Why is this dude exaggerating and whining about losing a couple thousand dollars>>**check coinmarketcap**>>oh
FUCK YOU IBOUGHT YOUR BAGS.
FUCK YOU.
FUKC YOU FUCK FYUOFU FUF CJ FUYFNOFBUYFNIUFVBNIOFN OUIVFNEFI
Sorry to hear about it.
I can only say, invest a small portion of your stack on a new project.Reason being, you can not expect a seamless perfection from a new project.I suggest you to wait a little buy some BTC when it dips around 6k
Did no one tell you "Never invest more than you can afford to lose", so you go and lose everything?
wtf?
sorry, zero sympathy.
Confidowtf that is ingenious, the gov must be fucking with that curency because war on drugs
>I honestly thought it was an ingenious ideaYou're a fucking idiot and you deserve your loss.
Guess who you are in the "greater fool theory".... the fucking moron.
Joosted
lol...they dont call it a zero sum game for nothing.
enjoy those bags
Welcome to crypto my boi.
We have coins that will make you your $1000 life savings to $100k.
Other times it will just go down to zero.
Enjoy the wild west of trading!
meanwhile, this guy is getting it in
I didn't invest in CFD, but aren't you being a little dramatic?
The project idea is a lot better than you're letting on.
You didn't lose everything, you lost 85% of your bitcoin.
You still have about 1.5 left, right?
You can easily make it back if you buy a 10x coin.
Buy Ark, and you'll be back at 10 btc by early 2018.
this lmaoshitcoins have absolutely no fundamentals, they're PnD get rich quick vaporware scamsyou deserve literally everything that happened to you