>+30 mil USDT>+30 mil USDT>+30 mil USDT>HOLY SHIT BITCOIN IS GOING TO THE MOONThis SHOULD be scary, unless we admit that Tether is just fake internet money representing how much the exchange owes you.That means that these BTC gains are real.
In real life if you bought stocks with "fake money" you might risk losing them.
In crypto it doesn't matter as long as you take your shit off the exchange before shit hits the fan.
They must be pretty desperate.Printing new Tethers every day now.kek
 BTC gone last year...Yes, they are fucking desperate.
It somewhat amusing how we completly move past the fact that dollars and euro's are at least as fake as this shit
Every time bitcoin goes up, people sell btc at a higher value for more tether.
So more tether has to be minted to meet the demand.
I don't understand how economies work
it doesn't matter as long as you take your shit off the exchange before shit hits the fan.hmm, where have i heard this type of thing beforeoh right, every "i know it's a ponzi but i'm smart enough to get out in time" retard who lost his money says this
SO who buy?
sooo btc above 8000 confirmed?
Tether sells its coin to exchanges, so they're the big holders.https://wallet.tether.to/richlistExchanges love it since they don't have to comply with big rules when dealing with USD.
thistether is just virtual FIATthey work like a bank, they act like a bankwill they fuck us like a bank?
That what they want u to believe
SO they buy from their own user?
You cannot change the supply of tethers without changing the price.
If the price of tether changes from 1usd significatly no one would ever use it again
Possibly, but there ain't no FDIC to save you a starting chunk of change if they go under.
That's only a small percentage of volume
m isnt that much.
there is alot of money in the world.
30m is only a small percentage of the bitcoin market cap or even all alts combined
4418318Market cap ≠ Input money
Lmao what a scam, what a fucking glorious scam
at this rate were going 1bn tethers by december, kek.
theyre banking on cme to bail them out
We're gonna get GOX'D again aren't we?
go watch any large volume exchange.
30m is literally nothing.
they see 600m+ volume a day.
exchanges love being bent over a barrel by shady-ass bitfinexI doubt that
Exchanges wouldn't exist without tether, because supporting USD is too expensive and regulation is too tight.