This is your last chance, /biz/.The alpha will be coming soon.
Dev has been comitting code and just showed a working demo.Once this turns into even a medicore 10M market cap we will have 10x or 20x gains.patient will finally be rewarded.this is /our coin/
i sold this as a shitty price should i buy back in?i didnt know it wasnt a scam tfw
looks risky af but that's what you have to do to get into this shit.
at least i could resell for a small loss if it doesnt work outhave to take risks to make mad gains sadly
It's nice to have dreams.
Some day you'll make it anon, I believe in you.
yes.
like i said this is your last chance.
but /biz/ always says that
4301661let people buy want they want desu fuck off with shillingif the coin is that great which it might be you dont need to shill
JUST BOUGHT 100K OP, THANKS
another p&d incoming?noiceeveryone elsedon't buy or lose money
it already dumped desu now is the time for the pump
EBET Currently valued at $300+ on ED due to brainlet fatfinger purchasing.
EBET bros now is the time to post Blockfolio caps on tinder for that sweet cryptodigger snatch.
let people shill want they want desu fuck off with fudingif the coin is that great which it might be you dont need to fud
pump requires money which these ethbet baggies obviously don't have.
ssshhhhhh
Thanks op, since biz likes I'll stay away.
H...hold and c...chill
yeeee boiprice already going up like 20%i love small cap coins
i want to punch you in the face for shillingdon't fall for this one bizpls
what is there to fall for?join the discord and actually read up on it lol
join my team of scammers so we can scam YOUthanks anon
ive been in the discord for months it's pretty unfair to call it a scam, they could have ran with the money ages ago lmao
>buy shitcoin at 0.19>it's now 0.25>mfw i realize that's a 30% gainhahahahaha
only is a gain after you sell anon :^)
This isn't a scam the dev is active in the discord.the progress is just pretty fucking slow.
yeah that disappointed me a lot desu, but looking at the commits they've really really really sped upseems like they almost quit then now they're putting things into overdrive?i still own mine from ICO so that's what im hoping for
This product is absolute garbage.
Dev already cashed out.
No actual code is committed on GitHub.
No incentive for people to hold this coin.
Literal useless shit token with a 30$ website template who people fell for in the gambling hype
buying ICOsshould have learned your lesson anon...
i like talking shit too but you can do better than the github one https://github.com/Ethbet/ethbet/commits/masterreally all your stuff can be disproven but whatever i guess you're trolling anyway
dev cashed out like 500k from the ico for literally a days worth of coding.im going to start an ico now fuck it
he told people in discord it was harder than you think.desu doing your own sounds nice af but it's basically scamming people and it's shady af and illegal in countries like US so watch out lol
fuck this scam coinfuck blakefuck whoever shilled this constantlyi lost 4 fucking ethers on thisnever again, fuck erc-20 tokens
scam coin>literally is developing the entire thing and paying other developers, all code is open sourcejust seems like youre upset you sold at a shitty price.
some people even sold at like +30% ICO during that one pump.but yeah i hate shitcoins in general too so
4302626lmao this is gold
looks like it already went up a bit.
the orderbook is thin though hmm
confido moon mission is startingget in or stay poor
% alreadyw e wgoing to the fucking moon lads
tfw bought some at 0.01 when some fuck sold all his into no buy orders
could be a lot worse desu.15k should be cozy.
im just happy to see some movementive been holding eth forever and it's boring as fuck, but looks like it's 300 to 320 today so could be worse.+6% there and +40% EBET yeeeeeeeeeeeeee nigga
just wait for the 200%any day now..
get out before they shillers drop the bags
dropping bags before the actual platform is released and gains a ton of degenerate gambling usersbut why
because they invested more than they can afford to lose.and they lost alot already
i see what you mean.
for me it depends on if they still believe in the coin and the platform, it seems like most of them do after checking the discord, so I dont' think they will sell until a much later dateif they didnt though then yea they probably would dump hard first chance they got
4304429just buy EBET and hold for a month or 2 and you dont have to care about what wagies do
4304179+40%%WE DID IT REDDIT
loved that FAQ entry on the teamlmao
+ 4 5 %W E DIDITREDDIT
i sold this as a shitty price should i buy back in?Buy a few and hold until next year.>i didnt know it wasnt a scam tfwIt has never been.The pump and dump on the other hand was.But the coin has low market cap so it is easy to manipulate by such groups.
looks risky af but that's what you have to do to get into this shit.
at least i could resell for a small loss if it doesnt work outFloor has been at around 0.00020 ETH for a few weeks.
BUY
release when?i dont care if this doesnt moon hard im exciting to see this shit actually work, betting against others on blockchain is cool as fuck
would be nice to buy all that up at 27 and then resell at like 40 maybe
I actually did learn my lesson because of this token.
really it was just like link just 100x smaller, some people sold ebet for like +50% i think at the top of the pump, but the dump hit it too hard afterwards as usual
dump after product release y/n?
dump whenever you want really, cant go wrong if you buy right now.bought earlier today already up %, not a ton of money but easy as fuck money.