i fucked up bad guys.
i bought ripple at 3900 the other day, i wish this was a joke, but i jumped out of bed and checked the news before the coins and there was NORMAL NEWS about ripple partnering with American Express.So i dumped everything and went all in on ripple, and it just sank right fucking down and hasn't come back up.Seriously, should i just sell and cut my losses ($2,000~).
I want to say it can only go up but I've been waiting and waiting and all my crypto money is tied up so i can't trade until i unload this crap.
what do?
Buy high
Sell low
Get revenge.
Ripple is going to shit the bed whenever Link moons.
>Ripple's claim to fame is competing with Swift.
LMFAOOOOOOOOOOif it was any other alt coin that got this news, it would still be going up
Sounds like you bought the news.
Hope you have the hands to hold for at least 9 more months.Then gains.
don’t hope for a much quicker rise of xrp
Its because ripple has whales accumilating that shit 24/7 and whenever it pumps they just put their fucking fat stack of shits and blocks the path, no suprise since they've been accumilating for over 3 months now on ripple
Is this a fucking joke?
You say it's not, but how can you be THIS STUPID?
Have you been in the crypto game for more than a week?Buy low, sell high.Not the other way around, that's just a meme.
It should hit 4k by the end of December.
Consider it a vacation OP.This as fuck.
Its still great news even if AMEX is only using their internal ledger.
4437187I've given up on trying to profit.
I'm not holding that long, i just want most of my money back.
id be happy to sell at 3600. do either of you think thats in sight in the next week or two.
It will go up.
Just wait or sell now and start flipping to accumulate more.
You can flip ripple pretty easily and make 5% all day long.
If you work then set it to buy or sell before you go out its pretty predictable if you look at the charts.
You think by selling you will lose money but you won't.
You will end up with more ripple if you do it right and when it does go back up $$$Then you can use your profits to buy LINK :D
Fucking lmao>he fomodhave some self control
yeah it was bad, my man.
I woke up and took a real gamble on a hunch, panned out terribly
Same here man, also lost 1500 fiat.
I'm in the crypto game for 2 years and made big stacks on ETH but this one fooled me too.The news was legit moon material but XRP is just bullshit.
It has burned me twice now and I'm never touching it again.
I recommend keeping an eye on LTC or XLM for upcoming pumps to regain some fiat.
xrp has some more stuff coming up, so you can hold it and wait.
but reality is xrp will never go higher than $1 or $2 a coin.
what do you mean by flipping?
whenever it pumps they just put their fucking fat stack of shits and blocks the path
buy the hypesell the news
only lost 2000 dollars>thinks life is overhahahahahahah
buy the rumor sell the news
Yeah, basically.
It doesnt matter if you are 50% down if you sell at a price and it goes lower you will still get more coins/tokens than you had before if you rebuy.
so why bother holding.
Sure you can sell at a low and it nevere goes bellow it again but... sometimes its pretty easy to see whats going to happen from the charts and how and when whales pump and dump which causes most of the non-news fluctuations on the coin exchanges.
Deregulated exchanges are fun!
I bet discord groups make a killing.
Well, the good ones that don't just bring in newbies to pump for them while they take all the profits and kick them out after.
You could make a fortune doing this with a group of 5-10 friends and maybe 5k each (depending on the coin ofc).
Anything with a little bit of news/rumor behind it like XLM is so easy to shill.
I mean it has a flipping rocket ship as an icon for moon missions and the 'backing of IBM' to shill it with.
EZ money.