I keep seeing your blockfoilos and I keep wondering whether you build them randomly (according to your feeling about a certain coin) or do you use Markowitz portfolio theory or any other approach?Do you maximize the profit, Sharpe or standard deviation?
Share ITT your portfolio strategies
i buy whatever /biz/ used to shill a month after
Do you maximize the profit, Sharpe or standard deviation?I use the Sharpie induction method
i buy every shitcoin i see being shilled then post pink wojackst.average biztard
If i like the idea, i buy a little.
Now, I don't even bother, my judgement is shit and I barely made 20% on my investment.
I just like reading about crypto at this point
I think I can speak for all of us when I explain my portfolio strategy:>Herp da derp>oh shiny>someone shilled for it>i like the logo>no one is shilling for it
Anyways 20% on an investment is a healthy margin.
Convert that for example into 10 profitable sells and you would be making much more than any bank deposit or treasury bond would give you
Anons, learn how to optimise your portfolios on based on maths and not FUD or FOMO.Minimise conditional heteroscedasticity, and you will be making more than any HODLer out there
heteroscedasticity,How and where can a noob learn about this?
I do kinda play it safe with btc, eth, and omg.
I dropped a little into small projects like DNT and UFR, but seeing how people talk about making 5x-20x returns makes me question if crypto is what I should be dedicating my resources to.
Making profitable trades requires time and effort.
Crypto is more of a hobby
Also I keep seeing anons posting about how they lose money on FOMO investments.
You MUST forget about emotions.
Always evaluate your risks and never go all in.
Let the profits be with you brothers
Holy shit, anon gave a really good advice.
Heteroscedasticity can be applied to crypto, just treat each coin as subpopulation
If you didn't graduate from an economic university then I advise you to start studying econometrics yourself.
Just find any book on the internet, learn a programming language (R would be enough) and you will thank me later...