Am I the only one who's all in tether?
Patiently waiting for BTC to go down and don't wanna buy alts yet since they are all +50% already.
digs in usdt and not really comfy anon
You guys are fucking idiots.
Its like you don't want to make money.
Literally every corner of the market is profitable right now.
I'm so mad brah.
I was waiting for my ledger, and I was gonna go all in on alts before the fork.
Now this shit happens and my ledger just arrived an hour ago.
Wtf do I do now, my keikaku is ruined.
Got sum bad newz anonAlts aren’t going back down
Literally every corner of the market is profitable right nowIt's only a matter of time until 90% of shitcoins drop again, I REALLY don't wanna buy the top of some shitcoin.
Picking out the actual ones that will continue to go up is risky af.
Idk what to do but wait.
I'll just stick my thumb up my ass for a bit longerTether is cuck shit and you're fucking up
all in tetherkekked
stop laughing and tell me what to do instead
either look for entries in alts or wait until btc drops, it will drop.
matter of timeMonths?>Picking out the actual ones that will continue to go up is risky af.
Grow a pair.Buy BLOCK, LINK, ADA, ARKYou literally can't loose.
Get your tether into actual USD.
You don't want to be there for the tether implosion, $40 million printed out of nothing in the past 48 hours.
since they are all +50%thats where you're wrong.Now is the time to buy good alts that arent at this level yet you stupid frog
printed out of nothing>how does fiat work mommy
50%up is nothing.
All these alts will go up by 300%(4x) .
The forks fucked them up hard
tfw feds have guns and actual power over banks and rates and shit>tfw tether doesn't and is basically pajeet-tier counterfeit operation
they only get more Expensive dude :D
4268126This.
Real USD.
Same except for the ledger, I'm so fucking mad
I feel you, I had 10k ready on fucking Kraken and couldnt do shit because it was down until everything was pumpedSo today I invested in iExec RLC after some thorough research.
Not pumped yet, volume quadrupled, very good project.
Look here: 
Get some syscoin OP, yes its +30% now, but news is coming today of companies backing syscoin.
It will be big.
Its @ 3600 now, expect 6000 later today.
If you dont like syscoin, basically every other coin is gonna give profits, some more than others but this is just starting.
tfw when the US Treasury, historically gives finex - tether a cease and desist or be destroyed.Give me one example where they have put up for very lomg: with an entity - not to mention a foreign one - pegging something to the dollar not to mention borrowing the name.
"USD"T The govt/treasury does not like competition folks.
or borrowing the brand so to speakLmao.
first sign of trouble theyre Mt gox 3.0
I'm almost all in USD.
BTC will crash and we'll rebuy at $4500-5000.
Fiat inflation: about 2-5% annuallyTether inflation since January 2017: ~5350%https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/tether/kekerino
Wait, what's 2.0?
I know gox 1.0 in 2013.
I think Bitfinex will be Mt.
Gox 2.0Maybe it's a typo.
are you actually retardedyou realize you can't redeem your tethers for USD right?