ahhhh the classic patternBCH is done, it will never kill BTC
It'll be around... it's ASICBOOST compatible, which means good chance of future high-volume P&Ds for miners to profit from.
See the hole in the middle there?
Yeah... a massive exchange crashed initiating a correction.
its falling men
up 80% last 24 hours = falling?the fuck.
imagine being this retarded.
it's not up 80% last 24 hours?
ALso looks like the BTC chart tho too famalam.
4316885>Enff said
I'm still hoping it wins out.
Core have shifted excuse not to increase blocksize time and time again.I mean 2X... what kind of deadbeat internet connection can't handle 2MB!
notice anything?
no.
I'm screencapping this, anon.
You're going to feel like a real dumbass when BCH is up at $4000 and you're holding worthless BTC bags.
How much is Ver paying you to fud?
they get paid in bitcoin
When you throw a rock in the air, even though through the whole flight it is off the ground, it spends half it's time falling.
BUY HIGHSELL LOW
I don't get paid anything....
I own 0 crypto and I just like to watch the pink wojacks.
^_^
we do it for free, we believe in the technologydeath to the btc kike illiminaticointhis is who youre supporting when you hold btc
Bitcoin Legacy will always be worth quite a lot though, but who wants to give away money voluntarily?
Get rid of your bitcoin, buy back the same amount when btc/bch reach equilibrium and you've still made a lot of money.
I'm sorry, but 1mb btc blocks can't sustain the exponential volume growth for another year.
You want to bitcoin (bch) to be #1 or do you want some altcoin to take its place?
Teeka hereremember when I told you the final stage of the bull run will look crazy and it's THE TIME to get out?
I hope you did, you wouldn't get too greedy would you?
CASH WHALE CASH WHALE STOP THE CRASH WHALE!
Bch = aids
>bithumb goes offline >BCH instantly crasheslmao
Guys trust me it's not over yet, just accumulate more at this low price, the moon mission is still on, don't get shaken out, don't be fucking stupid, are you gonna sell your bch now?
what the fuck are you talking about, now is the time to buy more, Do you hear what I'm saying you stupid fucks, buy more bch you fucking idiots
4318345(You)