Segwit has already been activated and will give Bitcoin ~3x capacity increase as adoption for this new type of wallet and addresses grows.
You can track the adoption rate here: http://segwit.party/charts/ Once we reach 50+% we would have an effective doubling of transaction capacity.Shnorr signatures.
This basically combines multiple signatures into one, compressing the transaction sizes potentially by a large degree, especially if you lots of smaller ones coming in.
Capacity increase is roughly ~25%+, in addition this will increase privacy.
This can be implemented via soft fork.Lightning Network is a second layer solution that will basically create an 'internet of payments'.
It will allow organizations and individuals create payment hubs and channels which will find a route between sender and receiver like an email.
This will increase transaction capacity 1000x, but it will require people to lock up their bitcoins in channels.
On the plus side it will allow instant and virtually free transactions (no miner fees).
This will free up on-chain capacity a lot because there are certain users who use the blockchain heavily with dozens of hundreds of transactions a day.
These would all be moved to this second layer for speed and efficiency.
This will come out later this year, but likely will take another year to materialize for a significant portion of users.Rootstock is another second layer solution.
It's basically a clone of Ethereum, that will be pegged to bitcoin.
Rootstock will be able to have Ethereum level scaling (and smart contracts) promised to be ~2000 tx/second.
This second level chain could serve as a checking or debit account for Bitcoin users, while the regular bitcoin will serve as their savings account.
Rootstock has been promised to come out by the end of the year as well.
None of what you said is true.
Are you a retard?
Glad you brought this to my attention.
It sounds like a terrible roadmap.
I will double down on BCH.
correction: lightning network is now a third layer solution
Yeah, go on on this shitcoin.
Rootstock has its own coin.
It’s not really a second layer solution...
bitcoin won't scale.
better keep all your bitcoins on a trading platform or otherwise you wont be able to transfer it out of your wallet when you want to sell.
https://blockchain.info/unconfirmed-transactions100k coming up