
but why?
Bout time.
The accumulation was obvious the last week or so.It compliments bitcoin and is actually a useable currency.
https://twitter.com/SatoshiLite/status/931278384864288768
Just look at the charts of BTC and LTC.
Every time BTC goes to correction after a new ATH, LTC moons because it's the fastest, easiest, and cheapest alt to use for making transfers across exchanges or to cash.LTC has been stable through this all, and is primed to moon once BTC settles.
Probably gonna moon into 3 digits but correct to $90
HERE WE GO HERE WE GO HERE WE GO
it won't do shit.
fuck I was waiting for that announcement.
SeeBasically means litecoin will help solve bitcoins bloat and scaling issues.
The transaction times are too slow but litecoin can fix that issue.
whatever, i just shorted it
Bitcoin = GoldLitecoin = Silver + test bed for enhancementsFucking comfy.
Get fucked bitcoin cash cunts.
Risky.
Litecoin has mooned after bitcoin breached ATH and then collapsed in the past, which is possible.
>tfw put all $20k of my unspent student loans in cryptowho /waiting for recession/ here
LTC moons because it's the fastest, easiest, and cheapest alt to use for making transfers across exchanges or to cash.holy fuck, i get it now, how did i never realize this myself...
>Got some cash from the BCH shit some days ago>use it all to buy Litecoin>mfw
oh shiti also have like 15k in unspent student loanshould i go crazy like you?
just do it, we're all going to die anyways
you Dutch?
Flippening to LTC this time?
Oh wow
>mfw sitting on 150 LTC
Get out if it looks like the democrats will win again.
We're going to have to meme harder than ever to keep the republicunts in
>Mfw went all in LTC yesterday
why would you assume that ?
Ome DUO 0% rente>maximaal lenen = maximaal leven
4401681Nordic bro here, have been putting my yearly 11k school money into crypto for nearly 2 years now.
Jesus this LTC pump has legs, the buying is absolutely insane on Bitfinex.
100 USD incoming?
I truly think so.
https://twitter.com/SatoshiLite
>poorfag who just started yesterday and only bought 3 ltc thenI wish I got into this shit years ago
holy shit i might have some LTC stashed someplace.I should sell them for satoshis right?
its going interdimensional.
Literally mined LTC on my Radeon 7850
tfw 10 ltc and had a big feeling that ltc was gonna soar days ago but didn't buy
rocket leaving for stage 2
tfw no student loan until next yearaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
mfw only all in ltc and only have 10BEING POOR IS SUFFERING
WE 10 PERCENT NOW
youre gonna make it
These dips get bought up like theyre nothing.
Expecting a 50%er in the books here.
because bitcoin core wonsegwit wonlightening network wonLTC is compatible
>stop loss triggered at .0093 and it's shooting back upNOOOO
having weak-handed stop losses so close to market price
It was .0097 when I put it in :(
just buy back in again this thing is going places.BTC survived everything like a honeybadger and it needs LTC to come along with it to stay functional.
This is huge.
I did, this seems like a bad fucking idea.
I'm not worried about this coin long term but I see a sharp crash coming any second.
I think this news is something else, the candle can get quite a lot bigger before a 33 or 50% retrace I think.
Unfortunately I only have one LTC at the moment because I moved the other five into ARK yesterday (which is now death spiralling), so I guess it's not a big deal either way.
down she goes, like your mum does
LTC is going to go through a big correction the very second BTC transfer fees become more reasonable.
If they don't, then LTC will keep mooning.
I just don't see it being sustained.
Already crashed dude.