What is the safest store of value as of now?
BCH and BTC are both very unstable, as the market is undecided on which is the true bitcoin.
There are many reputable alts, but I don't want to watch them bleed as the battle between the giants goes on.
I've never been one to trust USDT, as it could pop any second.
Any ideas on the best alt with enough volume and stability to sustain a good store of value, possibly minimal growth too?
Please don't just shill the shitcoin you've bought into.
I'm not trying to buy your bags, I'm trying to help both myself and any other lurkers here.
Literally bitbean
Go buy a bond you faggot.
If bItcoin Cash is unstable its from all the gains u tardo
ethereum obviously
The whole crypto is instable as fuck.
If you're not willing to trade, then make a portfolio based on the top 5-10 cryptos and redistribute if the top change.
I bought some eth to weather the shitstorm, but looks like King is holding pretty strong
implying bch isnt just a pump and dump until btc gets its shit back together
Nothing is completely safe in cryptoThe best you can do is diversify your portfolio across a number of coinsBTC, BCH, ETH, LTC etc.
Made some recovery in ETHStill not enough to unJUST
tether
BCH and BTC are both very unstable, as the market is undecided on which is the true bitcoin.
ETH has proven to be very stable in the past with incidental rises in value.
I'm just 2/3 1/3 on BTC/BCH and I rebalance daily as the prices fluctuate.
All I really want is to weather this fight without converting to USD and having to pay taxes on my gains, I don't care if I don't make mad gainz during the flippening.
Crazy gains are what alts are for, deflationary store of value is what bitcoin (core or cash) is for.
Gold and silver.
When the crypto bear market comes if you don't own gold and silver you will get wrecked.
I diluted myself to fuck in alts and I'm doing just fine through all of this.
Gaining BTC and USD.
>market is undecided on which is the true bitcoinOnly delusional /r/btc cultists.Look at the fucking price.
why would you want a safe store of value?
Why not just leave your money in the bank then?