When will biz learn to do some basic research?SONCE accuse power ledger of stealing 20k.SunContract accuse power ledger of not delivering on blockchain solutions contract.
HOLY SHIT!
SCAM CONFIRMED SELL SELL SELL
You mean this shit show?
Hahahahahha!https://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/73zjv8/we_are_the_team_from_power_ledger_creators_of_the/
Any more info on this?
Big if true
Any more information on this?Big if true.
Lololol its some fucking retards spreading fud there will absolutely be no proof that ever comes out of this people just want a dip to buy
I think POWR is just a PND coin at the moment, it may have value in the far future, but it's riding on false hype imo (as an Australian, I do not believe our backwards government would ever adopt something like this without another country trialing it first).
They give out grant money for all sorts of things, it's not a big deal.
For the stage in development that it's at, I do not think it's worth 200m.
We knew that a week ago already.
Who gives a shit
What a retarded post.
You gonna trust someone's business opinion with that type of grammar?
I pretty much agree, whales have the right amount of hype to keep this going up to wherever they want.
Another thing that bothers me is the devs are holding 70% of the total coins.
I thought crypto was about being decentralised......
>implying legal matters matterTRUMP IS OUR FUCKING PRESIDENT LMFAO
time to pack it up and move on over to QSP
Another FUD retard.
Read the whitepaper as you have probably been told to do 400 times you braindead monkey.
POWR is for capital raising and the market, Sparkz will be the token for trading energy.
Also read about germination events.
BTC is the sketchiest shit but it keeps inflating, literally nobody gives a shit about that
I'm not doubting that it will have some success in the future, but there's no way it is a 200m project right now.
If you understood Australian politics you would realize this.
So POWR is like a centralised DAO and you think its okay for them to be holding 70%?
lmfao!
Crypto is becoming a scammers paradise with retards like you believing this garbage
% of the capital raising you fucking retard.
Most of that 70% is being held for germination events jesus fuck the state of the neurons in your brain i cant even comprehend
scam coin.
I'm glad I got out at $0.62.
easy 3x for this pajeetcoin