>node operators get paid in tokens>node operators get more money if their data is accurate so they have an incentive to provide accurate data to the smart contract>the 24/7 available tamperproof network ensures that smart contracts receive highest safety standards>chainlink can also easily connect to SWIFTs existing system and basically connect trillions of dollar with blockchain technology>the system continues to grow at an alarming rate as smart contracts receive mainstream adoptionLike google „smart contracts“ examples right now and then figure out that LITERALLY EVERY smart contract in the future will have to connect through chainlink nodes and combine the data and verify the contract and pay both partiesHoly shit, everyone on this board is gonna make it, I will make it and it will be glorious but... the only objective for now is: Survive
>Holy shit, everyone on this board is gonna make it, I will make it and it will be glorious but... the only objective for now is: SurviveI'm going to be browsing /fit/ for a while instead of /biz/.
My brain is literally not accustomed to long term holds like stocks.
I know this is a sure fire moon mission barring any black swan events but it will take a while.
Its literally plug and play my dude.Shit likePic related is the future, now guess what makes this possible?Its chainlink and when the main net launches you can bet your ass this explodes like an iraqi wedding.
Shit like this is the future
/fit/Manlet detectedBrowse the pages for real men
How many LINK needed to /make it/?
Nice analysis OP
yup.
chainlink really is the glorious future we've all been hopin and prayin for.
this is it, people.
this is our lambo.
Depends on your definition of making it & how long you want to wait.
Having any at all will be significant in the long run.
Seriously buy as much as you can, sell stuff you don‘t need and put it into LINK.You will be very fucking rich in no time, thats what I‘m doing right now, selling everything I don‘t absolutely need.
So far I invested around $9000 and accumulating more.Smart Contracts are the future no doubt about this, chainlink solved the remaining open questions regarding the oracle problem.
And this will happen really fucking fast once the main net of chainlink is up.Once it starts scaling up we will see mind blowing market movements of the token.Just look at the examples, can you see how much money is directed into each individual node once its implemented?
sheeeeeeeeeeit i'm being had.someone bring me back to reality with some god damned facts, please.
Hmm, good idea, anon.
I have an old graphics card lying around I could sell.
Maybe some vidya gaems too.
>sell things to buy a shitcoindeluded
Tell me more bedtime stories, anon.
You and me will be filthy rich and show off our Lambos next year this time.But only if we survive and don‘t die in random accidents.
I like this verse.
:)
that's nice, anon
Honest question, not fudding: if ChainLink merely provides a technical solution and doesn't really have much traction/value with it's tokens, then why wouldn't companies who need this oracle stuff just copy the open source code and implement the same type of thing themselves with their own tokens or without needed tokens?
You’re right about one thing, oracles are awesome.
Much harder to argue they’re worth $30 billion.
because that would make about 20 people lose their jobs, the company provide less value, its stock plummet and close businessALL THANKS TO THIS "AWESOME" TECHNOLOGY
and why would a company ever use eth instead of just makin their own smart contracts without a token
Nice analysis OP>Nice anaysis>Nice analI'm gonna go masturbate, good night
ok so I have 100 spare dollars in Australianif I invest can I become le millionaire?
This internet thing is great and all, but what's stopping a company from just making their own internet?
You can't.
The thing that makes ChainLink trustless, and therefore valuable, is the fact it is a network of nodes.
A company would have to recreate the entire network, which is a ridiculous undertaking when you could just use ChainLink's instead.It's like asking "Why would businesses use the internet when they could just build their own internet from scratch?"
why would a company ever have its employees breathe air when they can just synthesize their own oxygen molecules from scratch
also I am a noob at /biz/ I am tired of wage cucking, what do I do, how do I learn?
why would a company ever write stuff in english when they can just invent their own written language from scratch
$5000 EOY 2018
What?
also did you know that the correct way to pronounce chainlink is "Gullible"?t.t
is this a scam?
do your own research bud, don't buy impulsive or listen to memes.
So should I buy or not?
Convince me to buy this over Metavetse.
i bought 3kUSD worth of LINKshould be enough to make a few million.
im not greedy.
I lost about 15k gbp buying 55k LINK at 40c.
I'm delusional
im down 1400but i laughed the whole way.watching everyone here melt with pictures and screaming was more funny then my own tearsdelicious too
You need 100k tokens to run a node right?
Yeah I'm not honestly too fussed as I'm confident in it coming through again.
Although it is unfortunate thinking that if I'd bought now I'd have almost 200k LINK.
1k linkie reporting in.Can't wait for my 25k in 10 years
You don't need any to run a node.
10k to show you "have skin in the game".