Why do people reply to "I'll give x amount to first dubs" threads/posts?They seriously think they are going to get anything?
How stupid and pathetic do you have to be?
Is it smelly dirty pajeets behind this?It's shitting up the board I think mods should delete threads that offer free crypto.
mods>on /biz/
bantz
no mods hereThis is the wild west.
desperate poorfags and pajeets replyit's a technique used by shills to keep their thread alive for as long as possibleusually the thing being shilled is in the OP picture, which they want catalog browsers to see as many times as possiblethere, now you know what's going on
BRRRRRRAAAAAAPPPPPPPPP
Also, I just won big playing roulette betting on the 36 and 0, so I will give 0.36 BTC to the first 2 who get trips.
I want that girl to shit in my mouth
you will never lick her butthole
/biz/ has been good to me so it is time for me to give backThe first post to get dubs after this post will get 1 btc!
Does it count if i sage?
rollin, will post address if i get dubs
You tell biz you giveaway a fucking toenail in a couple of seconda youll see a pajeet posting “roll.”
Her brunette tumble falls towards her back, as if attempting to exude more beauty than that of the waterfall.
Her skin is caressed by tenderness of the waves.
BRRRRRRRRRRRAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPP *SSNNNNIIIFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF*
Roll btw
I would motorboat that ass until I had the worst case of pink eye in history

Shameless roll.
Will post address if I win.
roll
You know the drill when you post a fine ass like that, OP, cough over the name.
Looks smelly
Most of them are pajeets or 3rd world fuckz
check em then giv monies
If it is in a thread shilling a coin >XXX is pumping!!!
AAAAHHH Then they do it to bump the thread up to the top of the listings so people see it and they can sell their bags to them.The other ones are just LARPs from ppl who don't understand whats going on.>This PSA was brought to you on behalf of LINK and our Lord and savior Sergey.
I read free cryptoRollloiiiiing
I made one of those threads to see how many would fall for it and got tons of replies.
It's pretty sad
how many to smack the butt
Brap?
If someone is actually being generous, you gain somethingIf nobody is being generous, you lose nothing excet the ten seconds it took to post.
and has it ever been the former for you??
someone gave me 100 bcpt earlier, im no pajeet but 25$ for free i'll take it
 nuls for her
Muh dick
Exactly - when the going rate is 0.1 btc for a Proof if Sharpie.
(Will waive fees)
meh, fair enough.
I got 50000 Pepe cash which was worth over 1000 bucks.
Thanks based anon.
Jhulia Pimentel for those of you who can't do an image search on Google
Roll
he cant get dubzits easy
poorfag roll
desperate poorfags and pajeets replyThis remember the story of "Christopher Rockefeller" he was a French Conman (and murderer as a matter of fact) who managed to convince people he was part of the richest family in America and in fact people paid for his dinners, his hotel suites, and shit.Why would they they trust a penniless, French accented nobody with thousands and thousands of dollars of their hard earned cash when the Rockefellers were an American family?BECAUSE GREED.
BECAUSE FOMO.There's a sucker born every minute.
what a fucking whore.
I wish I could see her beaten within an inch of her life than fuck her limp bloody body.
I knew Pajeets hated women, but this is ridiculous.
I would say seek help immediately, but the fact you even have this kind of thought pop into your head, joking or otherwise, means you're beyond hope.
Enjoy jail someday psycho and future convict.
I would eat her asshole like a cupcake
Rollin in honor of OP
reroll because I got dubs17jdtyhAPBjEddZU1sRKtqPX7rJat9P3FS
mad cuz you dont get dubs
Test
i won on like 6 of these boards tonight.
Someone gonna pay up.
Because earlier in the year someone actually gave out like 50k worth of BTC.
So as unlikely as it is to ever occur again, it comes down to the mentality of "you have to be in it to win it"4456267I got banned recently for participating in a "begging thread" so they do occasionally do there job