How are you people so rich, I have about $1600 invested, and it's pretty much all my life savings.I hate this because even if my investments moon, it wont even be that much money.
Because I bought BTC at 200€ in 2015.
>howbe in cryptos for more than a year, that's all
If they moon that is multiple times your life savings anon, how can you consider that not much money
) Learn a skill which has value2) Charge people money in exchange for performing that skill to solve their problems3) Invest accumulated savings in crypto
My portfolio hasn't moved for months, just fluctuated around it's current state.
Apart from the ELIX PnD which send me up to 70k from 30k USD, but I couldn't profit from it because I was abroad on exercise at the time.
Still hodling my ELIX though cause it's gonna do well in the new year/once the website is done but for now it's just a bag (but I am still well in the green on it).Also bagholding DNT which is pissing me off since all my NEO profits went into that at 8 cents.
Fucking DNT better do soemthing one day soon.ZRX is still nicely green for me too, but doesn't move much these days.
Anon stop with this.
$5,000 of BTC in feb 2015 is worth over $100k+ todayStay in crypto.
Research and HODL good coins.
In crease your position.
Anyone in crypto now will be rich in 10 years
congratulations, yes even if your investments moon you wont be a millionaire.
You just discovered you're not entitled to a single fucking thing.
You have to work for your gains, even in investments and crypto.
I don't waste money on stupid shit.
I eat cheap food that I cook at home, no pricey fast food garbage that literally kills you.
I work out so I don't have to spend money at the doctors for being an unhealthy fat fuck.
I make presents for the holidays/birthdays or find a cheap sentimental gifts.
My girl makes as much as I do and she's the same way.
I don't go to the movies.
Both of my cars are paid off.
I got rid of cable cause fuck those prices.
I'm not rich, but I will be.
pretty much this desujust make a decent portfolioeven just $500 here and there can go a long wayat least i hope it still will.
x your life savings is always alot, regardless of how much that is.
Live in rural America where everything is cheap.>Have cushy federal job with good pay and benefits.>Mined crypto in 2014 and hodled.
Because my father passed away and left me some money.
This happened in 2012 and I am posting here so you can maybe figure the rest out by yourself.
Would trade all my cryptocoins to have him back, though.
That's like saying $500, if you started from $100, is a lot of money.
I put £100 in bitcoin every fortnight or so when the price was $500-$700 because I knew this shit was going to be big ,i stopped buying at about $1300 because at the time it was the ATH and maybe it would crash again,my bitcoins are worth $25k now ,I believe the price is going to go much much higher yet
uh, a job?you don't invest with your life savings, you invest what you can spare from your job
Sounds comfy m8.
Lot of people would have the mindset that you are depriving yourself though.
Then again a lot of people are up to their eyeballs in debt, like my friend who spends about 35% of his income on the payments for his flash car he can just barely afford on credit.
I have the same mindset as him and honestly don't feel deprived at all.
I find it genuinely painful to throw money on expensive meals, etc, knowing I could've made it for pennies at home.
I find it much more satisfying to watch my crypto portfolio grow (currently $80k in BTC and growing).
I'm so jelly at you guys, I don't spend money on clothes or cars and rent an apartment which is way below what I could afford, but food man I just love making nice dinners at home and eating out.
I also have an unhealthy weed habit since I started trading due to the stress.All in all I'm satisfied, I don't spend money to show off only waste a good deal on high quality food and weed but I still manage to put nearly 50% of my sallery into investments.
Relative to 100 dollalrs thats 5x as much money.
What your implying is a 500 dollar loss to a man with 1000 dollars is equal to a 500 dollar loss to a man with 10000 dollars.
Life works in percentages not absolutes
I definitely feel the same way.
I prefer financial security and peace of mind to being in debt Regarding eating out I'm pretty lucky that in my group of 5 close friends, 2 are former chefs and I'm a pretty good cook as well.
We often just take turns having each other over and cook for the group rather than going out.
I think it depends on your mentality more than anything.
I have $80k in BTC (approximately 1/3 of my net worth) but if it were to increase to $400k that would not be a lot of money to me.
It would need to be a minimum of 7 figures before I'd consider it a good amount.
Nice, sounds really cosy.
That sounds like a great social circle you have there, congrats man.
You from the UK?
Yeah, North East.
The area sucks but the cost of living is pretty low.
I may be moving the Yorkshire next year.
Yep, unfortunately low cost of living does have its' drawbacks.
Just keep playing the crypto game until you can afford where you want to be.
Yorkshire's nice though, I've been a few times.
I'm from Birmingham but when/if I can get 1-2 million from BTC I'll probably look for somewhere else.
If you guys were starting now with only 300 bucks, what would you buy and would you hold it for short or long term?
it's very unlikely you're going to get rich with 300. highest chance is some kinda ult coin.
read lots, every day, find something good.
go all in.
be right.
don't be wrong.
=/
The only altcoin I hold is ODN, which I recommend as a higher risk/higher reward option.
Look into it if you want to, obviously do your own research.Good luck whatever you end up doing.
inb4 you lose all of your dead dads money
I started in June with a little more than twice what you put in.
At my peak I would have had about $15k or 2.2 BTC.
Then the altpocalypse happened.
Still, you know those threads that come up every now and then saying that no matter how much you have, or how much you have lost, that it will all seem insignificant in the future?
I honestly believe that post to be true.
We still are the early adopters, and all this market manipulation shit proves that.
But once it all sorts itself out and becomes normie friendly, then is when we will really make it.
Was able to save up $30k living at home for a few years rent-free.
I still manage to put nearly 50% of my sallery into investments.Stop beating yourself up, there's nothing wrong with rewarding yourself with things you enjoy as long as you still focus on improving your financial situation which at your investment rate you obviously are.
I have the same question but I have a bit over 1000 at my disposal right now.
Right now I got it in ETH, but that's probably not gonna give me any massive gains.
Not sure what I should go with.