>buying into chink jew kike scamI really hope you guys don't do this.
How fucking stupid can you be to buy something that is centralized by Jihan Wu and his butt-buddy Roger Ver.
You fucking idiots just keep crying "wah wah my transaction fees, wah wah bitcoin isn't useful as a currency because of muh 12$ transaction times".
Who gives a shit, it is digital gold not currency and nobody is ever gonna buy coffee with cryptocurrency.Just fucking wait anyway, Lightning Network will fix everything and BCash will drop to 1$.
Just fucking wait anyway, Lightning Network will fix everythingTy, haven't had an awesome laugh for quite some time :)
No one cares just buy whatever meme is going up don't look into fundamentals or whitepapers, stop wasting your time.
>(((lightning network)))
https://youtu.be/Y3ni8-OqU20
Yeah just but shit with green lines and sell shit with red lines is all you need to know
nobody is ever gonna buy coffee with cryptocurrencynobody can even gonna try buy shit with bitcoin soon.
idk why you think 'muh $12 transaction times' is a non-issue, only literal use is then darknet dubiosity or muh matchsticks for degenrate Chink gamblers, after they've skinned n ate you first.
(Not possible)I'm not sure if you considered this, but it's not possible for Bitcoin cash either.
of course, which is why bch does not approach the problem in such a retarded manner
I made 45k trading this in two days.
Fuck your feelings.
Who cares if it's decentralized or not, NEO is centralized as fuck and it didn't stop us from making bank.
99% of people in crypto are in it for the money.
Only the 1% libertarian cyberpunk /r/bitcoin fuckers larp about this decentralization crap.
Worshipping the core team and obediently eating whatever code they spew out is as centralized as it gets.
oh man that post have been debunked already
thinking BTC is any less centralized while there is 170k unconfirmed TX due to a few miners switching hashpower
It's the other way around
which is why btc will eventually fail.
I'd trust Da hongfei with my money any day of the week.
If money skelly would stop being such a retarded commie I'd also have no trouble holding a ton of eth.