Hello fuckers i hope you are all doing well.What i am going to ask is not bizness related.
So if you only care about the money dont waste your time.I just got 26 few days ago.
I told my parents that i dont want any presents nor celebration at all.
They accepted it.
They know that i am going through rough times.In 2012 i had a heat surgery.
I always suffered from arrythmia and even after the surgery.
No one believed me.
The doctors said its psychosomatic till on late 2016 i got some worse arrythmia.
I needed a second surgery.
After 4 years of fear and suffer i thought everything is fine now and i will start a new life.
It went quite well for 5 Month till in the middle of the highway my heart was doing some strange things.
I had to stop the vehicle.
My phone did not work.
I started to panic and fade out for a feew seconds.
The police brought me to the hospital.
Since then i suffer from anxiety.
I cant take my GF on dates.
I cant visit friends in the city.
I am literally on a chain in my village.
All my friends are doing their degrees are working an making money.
While i sit here at home and yes i am trying i alway go out to walk and try to go farer away then yesterday but at some point my body stops functioning i cant feel my leeg my arms feel like they dont work....
I want to ask you if some of you had to go trough the same shit.
And if there is any medication beside Benzodiazepines wich help.I was such a lucky bastard before 2012 and was enjoing life.
Now i suffer and my parents suffer because of me.
I feel horrible.Yours sincerely
Bro it is the business board u should ask /adv/Meditate.
I had heart-relatex issues some years ago.
99% in my head.
If u had to have surgery u should take it easy.
Ask doctor wht exercises u can do safely.
Do exercise every day.
Make sure u get some sun.
U can try st johns wort - idk if it is safe to take with your med make sure you CHECK FIRST
Nope but hope you get well fellow anon!
Start Paxil
all I can say is that this anon is right, meditate, do exercise and go out to fresh air and sun.
Maybe add vitamines to your meals, drink no soda.
A lot of anxiety is caused trough an unhealthy body
Hi!
Sounds like you had panic attack.
I have been medicating myself with some psilocybin (shrooms) for few months.
For me its working, wonders but my condition is a bit different (depression + anxiety).
Trust in God and you'll find the way out of the dark times.
Always.
Learn to trust yourself and you need no god.
Benzos only as last resort - they really fuck with your brain
take daily vits + omega 3and hit the gym
Get anxiety meds and tell me which brand so I can invest
The sooner you realise your own fallibility the sooner you get to know God
No matter what, get some fresh air, sunshine, it's a good time to see who your true friends are.
Don't stay at home in your room scrolling facebook and comparing everyone's life to your own
I think a psychotherapist might help.
On a general level the run-of-the-mill advice for general anxiety (sports, diet, supplements, meditation ... ) might help a little to cope with the stress, but it sounds like you (unconsciously) misidentify panic as whatever happened to you, which triggers more panic ... yada yada, 4chan, especially biz, is probably the wrong place to ask for help in your case.
Anyway, I hope you get better, op.
Relax.
First of all relax.
You are not crazy.
I got my first panic attack while on a bus after going through a shitty time and having heard of my parents getting a divorce.
I absolutely thought I was going to die and go insane at the same time.
This made me afraid of taking busses because your brain associates fear with the place where you had the attack.You need to get back on the horse: go for small walks at first, then longer, then without bringing your phone.
gradually increase your comfort zone, you need to rewire your brain that it is safe and nothing is going to happen.
ALso, start mindfulness meditation, it is not hard and will help immensly.
And if an attack strikes, sit through it and accept it.
The fear of panic attacks are way worse than the attacks themselves.
Relax, it's going to be ok.
Also, I want to add that getting mad when panic showed its ugly face basically dispelled it.
It's all an illusion.
Try to think like this: "Is this all you got?
Oh, my arms feel tingly and weird?
Fuck you panic, Im not buying into your FUD!"
etc etc.
You get the picture.
I had allot of panic attacks thinking i would die, i stopped caffeine and they went away :/
I have chronic pain from scoliosis.
Didn't think about it much until one day I had a panic attack (my first) about how it's progressing and never going to get better.
During this my arm began shaking uncontrollably for a few minutes so I went to the hospital and they told me it was nothing/all in my head.
This only served to compound the issue as I knew something was seriously wrong.
The next month was a complete blur and I had extreme anxiety (which I never had before), shooting pain from scoliosis in areas I had never experienced before, jello legs, constant dizziness, throwing up etc.
I was afraid of doing anything out of the house and completely terrified of being left alone for fear that something might go wrong again.
It's extremely difficult to find mental clarity when your mind is racing constantly about whether or not you are safe.
And since it's an internal issue that can come on at any time you feel like you're actually never safe.
I know every voice inside your head is screaming this feeling will never get better but please understand it will fade in time.
With some dedication you will soon be able to effectively control it.
Stay strong anon.
Read We Want to Live by Aajonus VonderplanitzIf you follow his advice you will cure your heart problems, and anxiety too.
GFWhat the actual fuck.
How do you people manage to get a gf.
I had something very similar anon.
there was one case when I almost shat myself on the subway, and after that I had anxiety that I'm gonna shit myself on the subway.
No, I shit you not.
It got to a point, where it took like a fuckin huge effort to get my ass to work, I travel around 50 mins.
I changed my schedule, started to go later so the shops are open and I can go take a shit if necessary.
For a couple of months the only thing I did was getting to work, and getting to the gym.
I was a regular in the gym for a couple of years already and I'm pretty sure it was the thing which saved me.
tbc
I felt fuckin depressed because I couldn't do anything, like going into a fuckin shopping mall to get me a pair of jeans.
I wore the same jeans for like 3 months...now let me present you the kinda obvious solution:my sister is a psychiatrist she got me an appointment in the hospital she works.manages to go there, started with small amount of antidepressants, you may need it or may not.
it's not a must, what a must is behavioural therapy.
it's the kind of Psychotherapie which actually works.
these kind of mental illnesses are pretty basic to heal, these are the cases they give to students to practice.
get a psychologist, tell them you need beg.
therapy not that Freudian shit, and you will get better in a couple of weeks, I kid you not.
buy DMT
Fucking somatic symptom disorders.
Sertraline.
Am pharmafag with anxiety and sertraline turned things around for me.
I also have an arrythymia and since starting it I've only had occasional missed beats (PVCs, PACs).
sadly I never went to therapy bec I live in a foreign country and It would be super expensive for me now, so I solved it kinda alone with some advice from sister.
the turning point was when I went to fuck a chick from tinder.
I went straight to her apartment so I thought in worst case I use her toilet.
we started to see each other on a weekly basis, I started to go to malls, take walks in downtown where plenty of toilets around and it got better.I'm not 100% yet, Bec every time I go into mall I first check out on which floor are the toilets and shit like thatinbefore: pajeet jokes, chainlink jokesgood luck anon
the turning point was when I went to fuck a chick from tinder.You didn't explain what exactly the turning point was.
Anyway, good luck with the recovery.
The hebrew god is not necessary for man's spiritual fulfillment.
In fact, Christianity is a hindrance to a spirit that seeks the truth.Eastern philosophies have demonstrated well enough what can be achieved without the use of god-characters.
Spinoza has framed the perfection and harmony of the universe with language and methodology that even the most skeptical scientist can appreciate, and it shows how absurd, dull, and limited is the ordinary religious person's idea of "God."
thats what im using now, only 50mg / day
the turning point was, when after like 3 months long not doing anything, then 3 months long doing short walks, i decided that i go to this girl, which was a HUGE step at that time.
the thing that i "had the balls" to do this gave me lot of self-confidence, i even had a date with different girl on the next day, it did not turn out well, but whatevs.
before that i did not have a fuckbuddy, so i wasnt getting any sex for months, so having sex after months gave another push i guess
any side effects on that stuff?And does caffeine effect panic attacks or also just in my head?Also anyone had problems like waiting in long lines, bus, restaurants?
no side effects for me>Also anyone had problems like waiting in long lines, bus, restaurants?
could not do it at all when my condition peaked, now im fine
A yoga practice 1 hour a day might help you bring your mind and body back under control