Dont buy ChainLink
And stay poor?
tfw no gf
tfw didn't have sex in 4 months
Thanks just bought 100k
No
tfw didnt have sex in 26years
haven't had sex in 7 months
Wow 4 months!
Haha.. How do you do it anon hahaha!!
4431824tfw when i cant have sex without paying and im currently at a 80% loss with my alts
You're not wrong OP.Out of all of the options out there that will actually earn you profit and /biz/ fucks with a shitty ERC20 token because it happens to have memes that shills paid for.
Lmao.
44318254431836To make ya'll feel better, she looked aight in the pictures, but was ugly irl.
I didn't know how to bail at that point and felt bad for her so I proceeded to smash while mirin' myself in the mirror just to preserve my semi.
>tfw haven't had sex in 27 years but paid a stripper $400 for a blowjob once and now it burns when I pee and I have some boils on my scrotum but I'm too embarassed to go to a doctor
buy chainlink
i havent even had my first kiss yet.you guys shut your fucking mouths
how old are you
it'll happen brojust be urself
443194819
i haven't had a kiss that i didn't pay for
4431997also i'm 27 so fuck off retard you don't even know suffering yet
Oh you like anime... sry bro better luck next life
Thanks to anime you realize just how worthless 3D girls are.
tfw haven't had sex in two yearskill me
I know this feel.Dem virgins don't know what watching a solid relationship crumble is.
Im not even sure was that 2 yrs or 3 yrs ago.Still feel like shit and now think I don't deserve being with someone.
My waifu is better then some dumb slut.
She is my rock.
4431930Nice, would racemix/10
> tfw had sex this morning
lol no it won't.
NEETs on 4chan are not capable of leaving their comfort zone and you will never grow as a person (in any sense, but with women most of all) if you don't do stuff that is uncomfortable or even stupid to you (going to parties, talking to people, interacting with people you don't know).
I repeat: This shit will not come to you automatically, so either you do something about it, or die a kissless virgin.
ERC20Explain to me why it matters one bit what type of token it is?
It's ONLY used is to pay nodes.
LINK does not depend on ETH.
LINK is block chain agnostic and already works on BTC, Hyper Ledger, and Town Crier block chains.
44318244431827To make ya'll feel better, she looked aight in the pictures, but was ugly irl.
I didn't know how to bail at that point and felt bad for her so I proceeded to smash while mirin' myself in the mirror just to preserve my semi.He didn't let his erection go to waste, even if she was ugly.
Well done sir.I'm going to use that as my new motto: never let an erection go to waste
lol I've never had sex
this fucking thread
lol niggah i seriously didnt had sex for 10yrs and 4 months now.
couldn care less, just fap one out every evening and youre fine
I just want to point out i gave the missus five orgasms this morning before unloading deep inside her doggy-style.
Im just in the bath checking the gainz on my 40btc before she gets back from work when i dare say well do it all again.
Im thinking ill spank dat ass this time around too.
So no, /biz/ are not all kissless virgins hodling essence-free sats
Haven't had sex in a week feels just like when I didn't have sex for eight months
4432000kek
too late bro... too late