Is the market simply too stupid to understand this coin?
pretty much.
but that's a good thing, brah.
means we smarties have time to 'cumulate.
I miss may.Dgb pumped 100x because of a fucking minecraft sever that 10 people played and some irrelevant conference.
You just don’t see that type of gains in crypto anymore especially in alt coins
One partnership announcement and fomo will kick in once the research it.
Same happened with walton and this project is even bigger
Why you want other to understand?
Do you really care ?
You are here to make money not do research and work for others
KEK linkies are so pathetic it's too much sometimes
currently no news about it>Bitcoin mooning so Alts bleed anyway (despite this LINK still holding up)>Chainlink Mainnet not up and runningIts a good time to accumulate now.
How I do invest 1000 USD into this?What's the best market exchange for doing this?
thinking of going all in at this price level, Have not seen Link below 4800 since ICO.
buy ETH>deposit ETH on binance>buy LINK and transfer tokens to your MEW so they're not on the exchange
If only we had a website listing all the coins and their exchanges
buy ETHOk, and I can just buy ETH on coinbase, right?>buy LINK and transfer tokens to your MEW so they're not on the exchangeThe fuck is a MEW?Sorry for all the questions, I'm just a fucking newbie at this.
Why do I always see this picture as one of the first few replies in link threads?
Yes.my ether wallet, but learn how to use this one it can be complicated at first.
Dgb pumped 100x because of a fucking minecraft sever that 10 people playedpart of that was the news was intentionally misleading to sound like it would be the official currency for all of minecraft
Wait for march next year maybe?
lel
The fuck is a MEWmy ether wallethttps://www.myetherwallet.comKeep your tokens on YOUR adress and not in some exchange.>Ok, and I can just buy ETH on coinbase, right?depends where you live, there is many exchanges that take Fiat for crypto.
I've been hearing about about Fiat Gateway from another thread, is it just another alternative or are there more pros to using it?
yesthe market is too stupid to understand any coin.
that's why it's a bubble.
99% of the people in crypto don't understand the first thing about blockchain tech and/or the markets they're trying to disrupt.
it's sad, really
MEW is the best Ethereum interface around.
It's secure and also has a bunch of features like smart contract signing like the official ETH wallet.Official ETH wallet is OK now, if you run a partial node it doesn't take long to sync.
He's one of the many neets who tirelessly scour this board day and night
99% of the people in crypto don't understand the first thing about blockchain tech and/or the markets they're trying to disrupt.To be fair though, where do you even start with learning about this?You're not going to learn about this in a college class.It's not even a decade old market.
Honestly lads I hope you're right on this one.
It all seems there: first mover, unique product, pretty much close to working by the sound of things, industry partnerships readyIt feels like ETH or ANS all over again
the market knowsnigga soldout in like 30 minutes, everyone wanted to see him @ devcon3
presale LINK was 8 cents>current price: 17 cents>BTC price during presale: $4300>current BTC price: $8000 just a bit more BTC moon and you'd have been better off just holding your BTC instead of participating in that stupid presale, LMAO.
so fucking glad I sold what a total farce.
I'm so sorry for all you bagholders that fell for this scam, this is borderline criminal imo.
Oh yea, Anon.You sure are smarter than the entire market.
Preach.
People were buying LINK at fiddy cents
I don't get it.
Why are you surprised?
Oracles are awesome.
Not worth much more than $0.20 though, I'm afraid.
Do you even know what an oracle is?
What LINK is?
If you did, then you wouldn't be betting the house on it.
It's hardly revolutionary, more like a bandage to Ethereum.
Dude people are clueless, no one knows anything and people just throw around fancy words such as revolutionary and distruptive
to be fair, most of the market is dumb as fuck and just follows hype and green candles.
who knows, maybe LINK will have some crazy good news one day and the hype will be off the charts, or maybe it will fail hard.
that's the fun of crypto, you never know until it's too late.
When it's on /biz/ and has useful tech it means it pump when you guys stop posting.
it's so fucking comfy anon.
I love checking mew and just seeing the balance, feels so snug and secure.
like my future is just patiently waiting for me
Is the market simply too stupid to understand this coin?>is OP simply too stupid to understand the market?
Market here, can someone explain how link is better than ripple?
thisoutside of niche forums there's virtually no aggregate of information about this stuff
/biz/ is always the firstlink is going to cement biz as the most important hub in crypto to learn the next mark mark these words
IT SOLVES THE FUCKING ORACLE PROBLEM, CUNTTTT.
Yes.it shoud not exist.scam
tfw too intelligent to buy bitcoin
Fuck you birch bastird.
Oracle is real problem.
check your balance on etherscan.io with your public address, the more you use your private key the more chance your wallet will be hacked.and download mew and use it offline in future to send transactions
Yes.
Llinkshills doesn't understand that LINK is LITERALLY a transaction fee for the retrieval of data from off-chain data feeds to the node operators.Then why would link even begin to moon when barely anyone is using smart contracts or is looking to do so in the next several years?
barely anyone is using smart contracts or is looking to do so in the next several years?are you jokin right now, or actually clinically retarded?
>Is biz just too stupid to understand that link is a meme?
Name me a single company that uses smart contracts in crypto.
This coin terrifies me.
It's talked about so convincingly but it feels like a huge malicious trap that wants to steal $250 bucks from poor me.
what the fuck is your point?
No companies are using blockchain to any relevant degree in 2017.Why do you shitheads have to relentlessly FUD this coin which as a paltry market cap of 60 million, when there are dozens of other vaporware coins worth 10x that.
IOTA is worth 3 billion, who's using that?
NEO is a billion.
Have any companies even shown INTEREST?
You clearly have a vested interested in FUDing LINK.
Whether that be monetary or in the form of dopamine you receive when you think you are telling off a LINK holder
name a single industry that wouldn't benefit from smart contracts once all the kinks are ironed out?
no there isn't widespread smartcontract use at the moment but it is highly likely that there will be.
this is what you call investing look it up brainlet
link is decentralized, ripple is not
Completely different products.
I really hope this coin goes someplace someday, not because of the tech behind it or because I care about the coin, but because the thought of half of /biz/ becoming millionaires off this shit is hilarious to me.
it's funny.
Most everyone else on here wants the opposite.
The difference is that they suffered relevant childhood trauma, and you did not
Same with Bancor.
But all this means is when these companies finally start reporting ridiculous profit margins in a few years the entire investment world will fomo and drive the price up a ton in short period.
Most logical comment since sibos >>Checked
The point is that it's a worthless investment at the time.
At least other blockchain technologies like btc you trade with currency.
We FUD the coin because the project is so clearly flawed at the time that it is easy to convince linkers to move money into other crypto's = making me money.Any industry that exists because of risk of return.
When a bond issuer creates a smart contract the funds to release can not be used for anything else.
From an investor’s perspective, the whole point of a bond is its attractive rate of return, at the cost of some risk of default.
>why won't people increase the value of the coin I'm holding out of pure speculative greed?>are they stupid?!
?Sounds like the market is smarter than you think.
tfw too intelligent to profit
ThisWe're all gonna make it, brahs?
People trust Jews more than Linkies.
This picture is old though.
Bancor has lost place its at 74th now.
Oh and LINK is at 85th now.
first moverNope>unique product Nope>pretty much close to working by the sound of things lul>industry partnerships readyReady for what exactly?
This is hilarious.
Do you know why they don't use smart contracts yet?
Because they don't have a way to get real world (decentralized) data into the blockchain.
That's what Chainlink is for.
U srs?
or really just a brainlet.
Cheapest way is register with coinbase.
Buy ether.
Send ether to etherdelta account, put a bid or buy LINk
Who was first?Who are the competitors?
ZAP?
Aeternity?Have you not visited the website?
You can use the product right now.Partnerships is the wrong word, customers are ready.
They are ready or beginning to be ready to use smart contracts.
The problem is smart contracts are useless to most without importing some kind of data from the "real world."
What use is a contract when the data being used by the contract could have been tampered with?
why not keep them on the exchange.
whats going to happen?
the exchange just takes all of your money?
First off, you say " real world (decentralized) data" there is no real world decentralized data - that's not even the point of chainlink.
It reads from off chain data feeds and APIs.
Read the whitepaper again.
(If you've even read it)Millions of companies already use something alike smart contracts called Database triggers.
I will buy this right now if you can tell me how holding this coin will make me money for any reason that isn't "someone will buy it for more later"
someone will buy more of it later
Are you too stupid to understand a JSON Parser?
Dev hereGive me oracle ideas and ill implement them
someone will buy it for a lot more later
LINK fudders have such exceptional memes but such garbage arguments.
Stick to your strengths.
It's not just a transaction fee.
You are paying for access to the information on a call by call basis.
hahaha, fucking this
 million dollar JSON data reader
the exchange shuts down overnightyou lose all your moneysyou cry
and those millions of companies would rather get data from centralized databases that would lose them money when they are hacked instead of getting data provided by a decentralized oracle network that cannot be taken down by any single targeted attack because?
Sure, that's what I said: "fee for the retrieval of data from off-chain data feeds"My point is still the same.
4403560yeah wtf happened to bancor?
it was "the shillening" back then for this shit.
did angel investors like tim draper put 150m into vaporware made by israeli?
there's no wayi am, redpill me senpai
Is the market simply too stupid to understand LINK coin?
Millions of companies already use something alike smart contracts called Database triggers.you can't be fucking serious right now...
What are you on about?
The smart contract needs to know whether the API call was successful, and we're right back to the problem of depending on external centralized data.
Everyone is a retard and I'm and super smart genius If that's how you gotta deal with it, go ahead Linkies We won't tell you that you're wrong because that's just mean
Google "Mt.Gox" to find out why it's a bad idea.
All a smart contract is is if-then statements.
My comparison is perfectly valid.
See this is what happens when a business and finance board tries to understand computer science.
Links heading below 10c, noobs have been shilling it in here since 52c, careful guys YOU WILL GET BURNT
below 10cthat would be simply orgasmicI need to buy more LINK
Data might need to be deserialized, sanitized, compressed, formatted, etc before it can be used by a contract.
Oracles may also handle sorting, aggregation, validation, analysis or classification if need be.Simple parsing only scratches the surface.we're right back to the problem of depending on external centralized data.Real world data tends to come from centralized sources.
There aren't many alternatives to this.
Its possible to verify a source via cryptographic signatures and redundant oracles, but ultimately if the real world source is untrustworthy or if the data itself is bad then its all fucked.
TIL smart contracts are useless.
Thanks, random anon, I'll let the entire industry know that trustless decentralised exchanges of value won't be used for anything significant.
See this is what happens when a business and finance board tries to understand computer science.well, at least you're honest about yourself.
Lord please forgive them.They just too dumb to get it.Future LINK gazillionaire here.
Not sellin any precious LINKs for anything less than $10.
You've done a great job rebutting.>this is the state of /biz/
>This ERC20 shitcoin will revolutionize everythingThose doubting it aren't the retarded ones.
you've done a shit job fudding
I agree, the idea many linkers have that chainlink solves the issue of depending on centralized sources is just not what it is for.
It's so, so sad that there are people here who have become so deluded by their greed that they are unable to see LINK is completely worthless.
May the Lord save those poor souls
getting caught up on the fact that the token for value exchange is ERC20 when the software itself is platform and blockchain agnostic
good feels
it knocks out another tier of centralization, the oracle.
this is a big deal.
entire industryWhat industry?
I see no industries using smart contracts...
Sergey doesn't know what he's doing>Ari Juels doesn't know what he's doing>SWIFT don't know what they're doing>Santander, Barclays, BNP Paribas et al don't know what they're doing>Capgemini don't know what they're doing>HCL technologies don't know what they're doingWow, anon, you might as well waltz into a high powered position if you've got a better read on things that all of that lot.
Yet.>why invest in computers anon, nobody uses computers at the moment.anon in 1988
Appeal to authority
i swear to god this forum has no investors in it, just degenerate gamblers.>don't lock up your money in promising investments!
you can't gamble with it!
What was that again?
who else are we going to appeal to?
you?
Looks good yes great buy
Link holders are the same as cash holders, delusional af
most of those memes have been made by LINK holders, I know because I've made some FUD memes.
They're fucking hilarious.
muh outdated 5 minute candles chart
>not buying this dipkeep missing your chances to accumulate

Oracle node for sports dataOracle node for exchange ratesOracle node for weather data
haha wow anon you're disagreeing with an entire industry>which industry?
There is none>W-well there WILL be!!
!Just sell your bags dude, jesus this is sadAlso,>people also didn't believe in X product!!
!is fomo shilling 101.
"They laughed at galileo.
They laughed at Einstein.
They also laughed at bozo the clown."
even if you didn't believe in LINK you would buy this dip if you weren't retarded.
JUST BUY THE FUCKING BAGS ALREADY BEFORE IT GOES BELOW ICO AND GETS DELISTEDntygo ahead and screencap this
all signs point to a reversal.
stay retarded and keep not makin money
thx just sold 100k
What signs would those be, Pajeet?
The smart contract/crypto industry.
Literally every blockchain project that is working on smart contracts.
Ethereum, NEO, Qtum, etc.Let them all know that they should have just stuck to databases and what they're doing is worthless.
Fuck you bitch bastird.
Oracle is real problem.
Buy now, get rich.
i only sell low for the sole purpose of driving the price down
am i banned tetest
>buying link instead of cardanokill yourself
no deluded linkies,its linkies that are to stupid to understand the market