Who here on the 1+ BTC club?
BTC club1BTC is very little.
Soon
14wD9PZX91sQEBE3C9wETD9HdwEUwMNYr1Send me some, richfags.
If I liquidated all my alts I'm 4+ club
I know, im on the 21 BTC club, but 1 BTC will soon be elite.
Who can spend $10000 on 1 BTC?
I am not at the moment... if you could spare some...BTC: 3JWnKFc6r1PE8JcyZycLxkphFsfsBZrRVQ
Portfolio hit 1BTC this morning
t. some guy with less than 1 btc
Still need 0.08 to get there unfortunally... Maybe in the next ATH???
Give a poorfag some!19AHUiCvh8JPcAzAVfjJuh4W8EW71dCUht
0.1 BTC club herehope i can 10x soon
I'm just under 10BTC, and still don't consider that much.
Months ago nearly everyone here had more than 1BTC, what happened for that amount to now be considered something some people are proud of?
Entire portfolio is 0.25 bitcoin :(
You should have mentioned that btc in altcoins does not count.
.1 acquired since June Total folio around 1.35
.11 BTC hier.
Fuck this gay earth
I have .015 :(still new, can't trade much while in college fml
sure you do
most of us here are in college or work stop with the excuses
/biz/ is now at the point that less than 10BTC seems unbelievable to anonsSeriously, what the fuck happened?
Did everyone on here in March already make it and leave?
.86, getting there100% of my salary and savings are in BTC and I don't even give a fuck if it tanks to $1
there is an order of magnitude more millionairs in the world than bitcoin supply.
BTC of alts is not the same as 1 BTC
not for all people, just for you, poorfag.
poorfagI already said I don't feel like I have much, I only have 9.6BTC.
you have less than 1, I can tell.
plenty of people here have 5+ BTC.
but not you.
Bart wtf did I tell you about posting here.
>started with 0.84 BTC.05 BTC a month ago>right now sitting at 0.61 BTC
I have a proposition for you since you seem so sure, I'll get a highly trusted account on bitcointalk to serve as escrow, we both put up 1BTC(or less if you can't afford that) if I can't prove that I have over 5BTC then I lose and you get it, if I can then you lose and I get it.
I'll even be the one to cover the escrow fee.
You are willing to put your money where your mouth is, right?
not your buttbuddy
Not him but you could easily borrow 5btc or the money for it and win the bet.
I wouldn't have the time to borrow that kind of money if we did it fast.
That's true.
In all honesty, toss is ridiculous though.
Nobody wins anything by lying on an anonymous image board.
ill post a picture of my butthole for btc 13U9fzKyZdz3MyyYDexwaNZgVSTb8ApKC1
is it still worth buying /biz/?
i am a newfag and i only want to hold some coins
Hes just upset he just got into crypto and missed all the lambos.
I have over 40 BTC and it feels like I won't make it
Umm the price of bitcoin went up 2.5x ???
I Usually hover around 1.1-1.3 but I just paid bills and bought some new shoes.
Currently at .9The ultimate redpill is sports betting your BTC is a much better risk than investing in pajeet and chink pumps.
Bet the money line and you’ve got a 50% chance of making money within hours.
Not weeks, or months until the next “announcement”.
dude if I had 40BTC I'd have already made it.
Pull down 10%/year = 32k, after taxes 24k, my annual expenses are like 20k.
And bitcoin will grow faster than 10%, so I could probably draw more.
or you could just post a verified address, idiot
there are not 160 million millionaires in the world.
meant for
.32 btc herespend some on camwhores to watch me fap
That is a good use.
Go to love then watching you skeet.
That wouldn't allow me to take money from some snide asshole though.
I used to mine a couple of years ago, I dunno what my codes were, back in the day when BTC were like 100 bucks each.
Prison sucks ass.
its a stash that is lost to time, I embezzled funds into bitcoins, according to my lawyer they didn't touch it.
2btc here.
Something comfy about only having 2 and not letting them go.
Had 2 BTC and sold them before the drop during the BCH pump....waiting on my $7.5k to go into GDAX so I can buy a 0.96 BTC or whatever shit the price will bein a few days.
Hoping for a dip.
I'm gonna HODL 1 BTC, then I'm going to continuously sell the 2nd BTC at ATH and rebuy during dips below ATH.