>the year is 2022>crypto market is at 2 trillion dollars now>several projects born in 2017-2018 had made a lot of people millionaireHow do we cash out without crashing the market?
my dream is to crash the market when i cash out lmao
Crashing it allows you to buy low dumbass
My question is how do we cash out period?
Let's set aside the issue of eaten by the IRS for a moment.
Coinbase only let's you sell so much per week so how do we hypothetically cash out say a few million into fiat?
You still don't understand this whole thing do you?
You don't cash out, normies buy in.
Accumulate BTC not fiat.
you forget that 90% of people are weak handed, and sold their ETH at $10, or $20, or $50these people still exist, and in greater numbers.only a few will hold till millions, the rests coins will be dispersed throughout the normie money invasion
you can now pay for anything using crypto>why the fuck cashout
Wait until laws change or move to Japan or Ukraine or something
Fpbp
Easily?
As the market gets bigger liquidity increases.You also won't completely cash out because it's like getting out of Amazon once they were finally in the green after 2 years.If you are in on the ground floor of what will be the biggest market on the planet why would you get more into the thing it's replacing.Also the obvious you won't need to cash out.
You can spend your Crypto like cash.
I'd love to say I wouldn't do this, but it is easy speaking afterwards.
Maybe I would have sold ETH on april at $50, only to see it $400 a couple months later.But look at DGB... Maybe being weak handed isn't bad after all, if you made good profits.Timing the market is difficult.
That's not a good enough answer.
How the fuck do we cash out if/once we make it people?
Tfw don't want to cash out because believe in the future of crypto and the ideology behind it, seems like a very good way to clean up the inefficient mess we've made trying to pretend paper money is digital.
But also been poor as fuck my entire life and want a house to call my own.
Finally have a chance thanks to crypto (450k portfolio currently, depending on the daily swings) Do I make my life dreams come true and sell, or just carry on waiting day after day, year after year, counting my life away.
Telling myself I'll stop moving for my job once the crypto comes in big, I'll find some real long term friends once it comes in, I'll learn some hobbies and skills I like and simply them, once the crypto comes in, try and spend effort finding a girl to settle down with once the crypto comes in.
Until then I just wakeup, work, watch blockfolio, sleep, repeat.
Move city every 3-12months depending on next job.
Market Cap 2 trillion...>Thinks he needs to cash out.For the MKTCAP to be that high, there would have to be a level of adoption that would render fiat redundant.
If you're not 100% convinced in crypto but you still want the gains, just use your gains to buy a shit-ton of gold bullion....and then you're outside of the eco-system... if that's what you want.
OTC.
But as far as i can tell the only country that can cash out that easily with vasts mounts of money is ironically Canada.
You can cash out millions in literal cash or bank transfer.
Canadianbitcoins will even have armed gaurds and shit.
H-h-how much is Verge worth in 2022, Anon?
Chainlink still at 0.20>ETH at $360>I still believe and will HODL until the end of times.
I hear you anonWait until 2020, just 3 more years
Gemini lets you cash out $100k a day after minimal verification.I have a bit over $8 mill in crypto.
$100k a day is pretty workable for most things.
Unless you're buying real estate or a vehicle you should just be able to buy shit with your credit card then sell when payment is due.
$100k isn't crashing any market.If I wanted to buy real estate or a vehicle then I'd see if the seller would accept Bitcoin.If I wanted to withdraw everything into fiat I'd just sell a little every day.
I would kill myself.
I don't know if I can make it, so lonely and anxious everyday.
I was never like this before I had this kind of "wealth".
I just use it as an excuse not to do anything now, the best years of my life are passing me by as I wait for it to hit my target, just one more %, just one more and then I'll do all the things I want to do, just have to wait till then.
2 trillion dollar is put in a market where you can't exit safelyHow?
hahaha i have all that and 3 eth
help a poor biz bro out who is trying to start just .1 btc would make my monthBTC: 1FheuTFQAjnSAa3voepQNksmUwi39iju2Lthx biz
Fpbp