

FAPcoin is cheap right now so people are buying bags and waiting for the pump this weekend.
they are wanting to get it $1/FAP
ETP just released light wallet, very clean, very functional.Removes uncertainty about ETP capabilities and issues within community.Very promising project, whilst Eric Gu has been marketing all around the world, they've been able to put out this wallet.
Very professional.
Bitcoin (Cash) fucking too obviously
LISK will pump up untill conference tonight.
Don't know what else
BLOCKCATbeta coming next month.
they hired like crazy.
MEOW
Hst, it's value will correct upward
BCC
REQ will see a pump leading up to the update on Friday.
Could be huge news

Ark doesn't really "pump" because it's not a shitcoin, but the price is going to go up to $5 within the next two weeks.My digits don't lie
Bqx, nulls, DOVU when it hits HitBTC
I hope it pumps again with the news and being released on cryptopia
Checked.
UnikoinGold (UKG)
DASH
Impressive.Very nice.
Bitcoin Cashget in now, it's starting!difficulty adjust pre-pump
req has a new update on friday.possibly +20%
GVT.
Somehow its flown under the radar, only 4 mill total supply, Charlie Shrem advising, great website, stacked up team.
Moon mission imminent.
BAT and arkark is a bit more obvious
Yeah ETP is def in for a large run soon
REAL, they just updated their roadmap and buy walls are getting bigger.
Also GVT
"they hired like crazy"the team is a fucking kid and some idiots who cant even make a fucking website
Nuls.
what update ?
DOVU
monero
Charlie sheen advising
CVC is definitely going to pump soon.
Also LBC and BAY, LBC is on a total discount.
also nuls
4ch coin is going to da moonBuy now, and don't forget to tip your local shitposters
OMG, a juicy announcement will be coming our way
ARN on within the week.
DLT
Definitely LGD.
Just look at the chart, pumps double at least once per month, currently at a near all time low.
Buy now and be ready to sell fast on the next pump.
FunFair.Thing is this will pump and pump and never dump
Coss.
ARK is seriously primed for a pump right now and it's my favorite coin so I can't help shilling it
https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/growers-international/
lmao what the fuck was that green dildo