His personal business was tanking so he took out a loan to buy 50 BTC at 6800.
Then put it on BITCONNECT.
Can one of you say it for me?
Hmmm-hmmm NOONONO
what a smart man, there is literally no possible way for him to lose at 1% gains per day
BIIIIIIIIIIIIIITTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT
WE ARE CHANGING THE WORLD AS WE KNOW IT
I've doubled my investment at bitconnect and withdrew so i can't complain.
THERE WORLD IS NOT WHAT IT USED TO BE
Their website is down, as far as I can see, did they already exit scammed now that BTC is tanking?
My own wife doesn't believe me!
What ang I gonna do?!
>took out a loan to buy 50 BTC at 6800.>Then put it on BITCONNECT.
A fool and his money are soon departed.
ALL HYIPs are scams.
They will pay for a few days and then stop AND YOU NEVER GET YOUR DEPOSIT BACK.
I got raped by bitcosmos for .2BTC
mm hmmm, no no NO!
I'm telling him BUT HONEY LOOK DIS IS REAL
That is so fucking bad.
These are the desperate types of people who will suicide
I just looked up bitconnect lol.Why would anyone believe this shit?
It's obvious ponzi for greedy suckers...https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9aH4u0EoKfU
Mmm Mmm no no no!
Best meme of 2017.
Tell him to get out before it's too late you fucking faggot!
Seemingly the more money you get the more followers you get.How to Fake Bitconnect Loanshttps://youtu.be/L95OHE7uPfYThe pyramid scheme of bitconnect used to be more layers.
(10+)now it's 3The avg interest rate used to be 1%.Now it's 0.9%Bitconnect is actually just an economic device to transition people away from Fiat currency.
yes... it looks like a scam, but you can't "dump" on anyone if the above 2 factors are designed to fade away and if you are selling bitconnect tokens from your reserve.THe only thing it scams is Fiat.IT's actually very interesting the way it works.But it does require a certain level of ignorance because if everyone saw where it's going (0 interest rate and 0 layers) then no one would invest.
What's worse: Bitconnect or OneCoin?
Both.
he 'bout to be cucked againhow's his wife anon?
This is just for youtuber to make huge amounts of dosh on
lol ur dad life is ruined.
he gonna kill himself
wtf so this pays out daily interest?
who cares?
investing that much without using google?
hang him higher!
departedOf course, crypto is a doggy dog world.
Hey guys I have a youtube that proves that bitconnect works.It's so easy.
Much easier than reading charts all day.No fomo no homo.
Just login and reinvest.Unlike /pol/..../biz/ is never right.
doggy dog worldIt's okay anon, we all say stupid things sometimes.https://english.stackexchange.com/questions/148120/where-did-doggy-dog-world-come-from
BEEEEEEEEEEEEEE CONECCCCCCCC!!!ii!
This shit is a scam