I am officially quitting crypto.
I went from 1 million bucks to 100,000 bucks within four weeks.
This shit is fucked up and rigged.
I just threw it in Link as a one in a million hail mary shot, but for all accounts its over.
Its not happening.
I quit.
I lost.
Fuck this shit and fuck all you.
the end
Don't feel too bad, I've invested 500$ collectively since June and I'm only 15% up.
That's literally impossible.
Even if you went in at the absolute top you would still have 250K.
>have a million>decide not to put most of it into BTC and fuck about like the restare you dumb?
Are you serious or larping?
I lost money in crypto too.
4378088
has 1 million bucks>he is retarded enough to go with that amount of capital to go the russian roulette route of crypto investment instead of doing something safer with that money you are retarded for one and second, fake and gay, there is no way anyone on /biz/ has above 1 mil bucks
he's not larping, people are actaully spent their mortgage.
Sergy ate all the investment.
I'm down 160k since late September.
I'm praying that Tezos does not fuck me over.
It is my last alt moon ticket
List your main misses.
Can't make this thread without detailing how you got here.
Thanks.
Fuck me I thought my ATW £7k loss (50% total) in that time was bad.
I played the btc/bch wheel wrong like 3 times in a row.
I put my last cash into link at 25 now its down to 18. link is my last hail mary im not even going to look.
hes not talking about LINK you utter faggot, he said he has NOW put it all on LINK
how are you that stupid, .25 is literally day trading sell markconfirmed LARP?
Well, you have a gambling addiction if you manage to lose 90% of 1 million because clearly you're a dimwit with zero sense for investing or rational decision making who came to money for different reasons like inheritance, in case of not larping.
I recommend to sell low now.
the plan is working.our coin is up over 15%this month unnoticed.
The amount of LINK fud being spread around should tell you something.... (hint, it is a fucking golden opportunity)
Look children this is what Weak Hands look like
weak FUD
i threw it in as a one in a million hail Mary shot.>fuck you allLmao what a retard.
Don't worry though, someone's gotta pay for the lambo
fuck off!
less is more.
anyone smart enough to have over 6000 bucks and under 25 years old would be a stupid fucking idiot not to have an interactive brokers account.
Thanks for helping me pay for my lambo by holding my bags for me ;)
having small whale capital>not being in any group>losing 90%sounds super not legit or you braindead retard and I can't understand how would you have so much cash in the first place if that's the case
He obviously daytraded on the way down, buying high selling low.
I've got bad news for you, anon...http://www.reuters.com/article/us-bitcoin-tezos-battles/tezos-organizers-sued-in-california-over-crypto-currency-project-idUSKBN1D325ABut hey, maybe you can get in on the class action.
This is why you diversify your shit.
Thank you Anon.Thanks to you, other have earned monies.
"Never gamble more than what you are willing to lose" (Anon, 2017)
Yeah that's a fucking stupid quote.
Unless you have predictive knowledge to know all moons, you HAVE to go all in to make anything substantial
don't feel to bad, i've invested $100 collectively since october and im only down 10%
Byee, thanks for the gainz
TopkekThis game is so fucking easy.
Buy low, sell high?
Did you not see any dips?
Naw, I've been following that problem.
It really is a non-issue now.
It's one guy suing a 500 million dollar project over 1 BTC.
LARP
If it's any consolation, I've been in the game for about 3 weeks and I'm up several hundred bucks after starting with $3K.This is because I'm not retarded and didn't drop a mill on a dubious coin; instead I diversified strategically.
I understand not everyone can be this way though, and that some people prefer retardation.
Oh, and also.
Fuck you back.
Not if OP is a faggot
Why in the fuck would you have a million in alt coins.
I see someone got greedy
Don't people see this?
This is a disguised LINK shill.
It's so obvious.
A disguised, fake and gay shill.OP is a faggot.
He never had a million and will probably never will.