https://www.reddit.com/r/btc/comments/7cf38c/if_you_really_think_bch_is_a_pump_you_literally/Thoughts on this?
i cant wait till bch drops back down to 500$
https://www.reddit.com/r/btc/comments/7cf38c/if_you_really_think_bch_is_a_pump_you_literally/it wont moron
Is it still the plan to buy BTC at $5000?
What if it just keeps dropping after that?
im capping this dont worry, get your pink wojacks ready boyo
also >quoting leddityou have to go back
thats one of the most stupid things I've read in a whileroger wants to sell his BCH and thats why he creates the fud
this is election night all over, one side is made to look stupid so everyone believes it will fail, then they wake up to bch's winning face ;)
Rev up those pink wojaks
The guy's entire argument is "it's probably not a pump and dump, so wait and see".
The guy literally, and self-admits he has no idea what he's talking about.I'm not saying that he's wrong about today's spike of BCH not being a P&D - but he doesn't give a credible argument other than "aww they probably wouldn't gain from it".My personal (and constantly changing) opinion is that BTC was bound for a correction and the recent flow of capital into BCH has been because people who were hoping for the fork which was cancelled are panicking and looking for someone to make gains.
I expect to see overall Crypto market cap to fall a little bit as people cash out over the next few weeks, but as new adopters enter crypto it'll be interesting to see which Bitcoin they enter into the market withThat is the multi-billion dollar question - My assumption is they'll buy in through BTC because it's the original, it's the first one.
It's pumping because 2x was cancelled, so Bitcoin will never scale.
Big blockers have given up on BTC and are now united behind BCH.
Big blockers have given up on BTC and are now united behind BCH.This is true.
But as more normies buy into crypto will they buy into Bitcoin Core or Bitcoin Cash?
That's the really important question - because the answer determines which coin has a higher ceiling.
Depends on what crypto will get the "Bitcoin" name tag.
Normies will buy whatever coinbase is selling.
And coinbase will always back core.
do you even get how a fork works?
they have the exact same history up till that point bcash has a better claim to be "the original" because it is closer to the prefork blockchain code
you people keep saying that btc will drop but it's keeping strong on 6150-6200 where as bch ppl are getting justed.also whats the highest bch will go to before the fork?
and how many hours till the fork?
asking for a friend.
People in comments are right.
This is a pure speculation controlled by the whales with some shady stuff going with blocking the blockchain.You people are retarded if you think blockchain is blocked because people are moving out of BTC.
Blockchain is blocked by weird as fuck transactions for cents with fees up to ten dollars, which are a DDOS attack.
Conveniently the same thing happened last time BCH pumped.
Don't you see any correlation?
what does BCH offer over BTC?Sent BCH to a friend yesterday and he's yet to receive it..LTC is the only solution to all of BTC/BCH ills.
It's most likely stopping at 4900 and if BCH slows down then BTC will wind up the winner.
But big money can make this sway the both ways, we're at their mercy.
normies wont enter btc when transactions literally takes 2 weeks
>/r/bitcoin filled with shills>/r/btc filled with shillsTbh it feels like both sides are fucking everyone over by just making the whole space so toxic.
Both sides believe the other sides are evil and if they take over it will be the end of crypto forever.
Also just need to keep an eye on the hash rate ratio after the 400% difficulty increase in 5 and a half hours.
See if the unconfirmed transactions starts to go down or it still isnt enough.
I got banned on r/btc for talking about BTC, didn't get banned on r/bitcoin for talking about BCH.
Make your own conclusions, why do you think /r/btc is so defensive about "censorship"?
Stay off r/btcRoger Ver himself is the top moderatorThat should be all you need to know
Normie here, if it dips to around $5k I will spend 200 on BTC and make bank when it bounces again in a few months.This guy is right.
I'm tapdancing on the fine line between normie and looking into this stuff - Someone like me would absolutely pick up BTC instead of BCH because BTC has been around for so long and it's proven secure, popular.
I'm absolutely hesitant of BCH because of this clusterfuck of shit I'm trying to read into and having it come after BTC.
To the untrained eye it appears to be a knock off.
That's because it IS a knock off.
Mind you I profited heavily off BCH but anyone who doesn't see how Bitcoin is literally unstoppable right now is a pretentious idiot who refuses to acknowledge the strength of normie money.Everyone talks about 'big money' and 'institutional money' but normie money is fucking HUGE.
And we're approaching the cusp of normie influx.
To put it in perspective American normies have over 10 trillion USD in fucking CAR DEBT.
Facebook is a 500 billion dollar company because it can target ads to normies.
Normies are both careful and reckless with money, careful about anything foreign or new (I've had normies unironically tell me the stock market is a scam) but at the same time totally reckless when it comes to how much they spend.When normies actually enter crypto en masse (less than 2 million people own more than 1 btc at the moment) expect the marketcap to hit 1-2 trillion in a fucking month.
And they sure as just aren't buying BitCHcoin.
i post on redditgo and stay go
Of course it's a fucking pump and dump.
These deluded wave-riding idiots will be pink wojaking when they see their portfolio this time next week.
I have a fucking btc transaction still uncomfirmed after 3 days, you think this shit is going to fly in the future?
it's literally unusable the hash power left btc, it's gonna be dead in the water till everybody joins bcc
What is difficulty adjustment in 5 hours>Implying normies will ever 'transfer' BTC instead of just leaving it in coinbase forever.Please use your brain before posting.
is nobody gonna check this man...