Have a few appts.
to keep this morning, and then we will have another go at it.
Assume your Positions.
Sources indicate we have Royalty on board for this push to a new ATH on Friday
Oldfagfan reporting in.
Strapped back in and ready for Blastoff.
I will gather the Others.
Oh shit, Oldfag is the only one whose advice actually makes sense
Btw, this was you on the STORJ Pump, wasn't it?
I didn't know you did Alts.
This is huge news.
Why did you not use your Tripcode and Name?
Ummm.
Your creepy.
Thats what I was going to ask.
I know.
I don't usually do Alts unless they have huge potential, and on the rare occasion when I do, I do not use my name.
To my Fans, the style is distinct.
They just Know.
If that changes, I will reveal myself with a trip.
Pls mr Oldfagbiztard - do you think chainlink has huge potential?
Ummmmmm.
Boy.
My sympathies are with you.
My tendrils reach everywhere, So I saw the Chainlink deal in its infancy.The Project had great potential, but was unheard of at the time "The Path Of Light Raid" took form.
The very first posts on /pol/ were brought to my attention by an INTEL associate.
I watched as it coalesced in to quite the Frankenstein.
When it was ready,"They" picked the most obscure coin they could, for maximum "Keks".
Think College Frat Raid mentality, and you will be inside "Their" heads.
"They" then bought in, and showed up on /biz/ en masse.
I followed them.
I posted many warnings on /biz/, even as it rocketed.
When "They" decided it was enough, and I had presented so much evidence of the scam, they bailed, dumping their bags on /biz/.
It was a sad thing for me to watch, and even sadder to see /biz/ turning on itself.
The /biz/tards who got dumped on then began shilling the coin themselves in the same fashion they had seen, which was so succsessfull.
/bi/ thought it was the OG shillers, but it was not, merely the second round of bagholders..
This process continued through a series of 6 different set of bagholders, until it is where it is today.
It will always have that blight upon it.
The only way for it to EVER recover is for someone to buy it, bring in new Devs, and rebrand it.
This will happen, but it is in the distant future atm.
I will give you somewhat of a tripcode on a post, so you will know I was there.
I was the one who was always posting"There will come a day when being"Chainlinked" is synonomous with being scammed in crypto.
You will one day look up "Chainlinked" on Wikipedia, and there will be an entire page on the scam".
I'm sorry Bro, I tried to warn you.
I didn't know who you were then, but glad I listened.
Mr. Oldfagbiztard, is ~7100 the new consolidation point?
Will it go below $7000 before the next moon mission?
It consolidated at $7050.
This is the point at which I made the above referenced "Breakout" post.
do you use ta or inside info
He's using his ass.
what's your price prediction for btc in 1-3 years then?
Staymad I blew [Your] Chainlink scam.
lel.
Look, I'm not anti pol, myself and a lot of contacts use it to transfer information securely.
It is a Holistic Myriad.
BTW; Go Flag forming now in the chart.
When Green Candle pops, the Bullshit stops.
Yesterday.
I put out an invitation to His Royal Highness, Prince Bin Salman to join us in this runup to a new ATH, and put the final nail in the coffin of his Adveraries BCH Scam.
We will see if His Excellence decides to grace us with His Presence today.
R-redington?
Is this real or have you finally transcended into the realm of glue and psychosis
We have Liftoff.
wait, so LINK was basicly a big Pump and Dump organized on /pol/ ?are there any archives of that?
Another oldfagbiztard reporting in.This is a bull trap.
Sell now.
We have 2 russian oliarch onboard for this dump.
"oliarch" / Post.
Grichka and his Brother are actually on board with this runup to new ATH, Child.
Mum has tendies ready upstars, run along now, you will be late for Grammar School.
Look, you and i both don't know what will happen to the price.
Someone will be right.
(probably me) It's just evil to lure in people
Holy Shit, Anon!
You just got Anally Pillaged.
Better call 911, that is one nasty rectal bleed.
Kek.
+5000 Oldfag.
Which platforms do oldfags recommend?
Is Binance good?
I suggest you shut your pie hole, show some Respect to your Betters, and refresh your chart, Child.
Binance = avg.
and mildly dangerous.
Bittrex = God Tier.
why mildly dangerous?
Poloniex?
Sorry i have long term vision, i can't be bothered with short term views.
I'm making big money.Poloniex is shit, it's all good untill you need their support and then it takes 6 months before they reply and your coins are worthless, don't use it
I have to step out for a few minutes for the first appt of the day.
(you) have been promoted to Petty Officer First Class in my short absence.
Aye aye Admiral.
I am sorry you never knew your father.
It is not necessary for you to hijack this thread for attention.
You may participate, but if you insist on being an asshole, I will invite you to leave and make your own thread.
If you refuse to leave, you will be reported to Wetworks for further processing.
Other Anons habe dropped off the radar after doing this to you.
What is wetworks.
theres a reason he doesnt use a trip and always uses the firebird institue and some dumbass colonel storykek
There's nothing royal or excellent about the sand niggers of Arabia.
Fuck off you larping faggot piece of shit
Oldfag is trolling you poltards.
So if I go through the /pol/ archives I can find evidence of this?Chainlink can unironically make $100+ per coin.
Pic related gives you a sense of the scale of the market LINK is lookint to take a slice of.
There's a REASON why /biz/ loves this coin so much and why it gets so many memes
Should I sell my storj is the run over?
Lol.
Oldfag pissed the Poltards off, and they started dump attacks .
Other buyers are stepping iin
Oldfag, is your appointment over yet?
Satanic trips do not bode well for you, friend.
Friday is such a long time from now
OK, I'm back.
Secured more Global Participation for Bitcoin with that meeting.
Looking at charts.
Holy shit, really pissed you poltardz off.
Just a prank, Bro.
lol
Your shit can't break the 7180 resistance line which used to be at 7300... where is your god now???
you are mentally ill. please seek help before you hurt someone
More meetings.
Back soon.
Very busy.
A lot of work behind the scenes to do.
Good work Petty Officer.
Please capitalize, Pajeet.
Also, take down the mirrors in your room and bathroom.
You will be much safer.
From the person staring back at you.
Achtung.
Quick pitstop before next ATH TA confirmed.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bNBAkYrnriw
Nailed it.
Those who scream the loudest and are most obsessed with mental health are usually the most violently unstable.
Are you black?
Wow you are literally the biggest faggot I’ve seen on this board.
BAIL... GET OUT OF BITCOIN INTO MONEROTHIS IS NOT A DRILLJUST HAD A MEETING WITH VERY POWERFUL INVESTORS
As long as it is contained to this own threads it is wonderful
you approve of the video...
Stop trying to steal my trip...
faggot...But you're right.
BTC is going down
4381231do what now ?
You will find Honey Badger Bitcoin does not give a fuck about people fuding it who are invlolved with the Link and BCH scams.
Oh, forgot to mention.
The BCH FORK and resulting scam were financed by Prince Al Alaweed, so you can knock of the false indignation gaslighting bullshit, Faggot.
You KNOW you are a BCH scammer Faggit.
watch "The Eiger Sanction" with Clint Eastwood and you'll have your answer