What are you plebs doing?hop on Aeron to the moon.
Small MC and its going on binance https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/aeron/
https://etherdelta.com/#ARN-ETH
Delet this,I'm trying to accumulate.A HHHHHHHHWhy is that wall getting eaten so quickly
WHY DID YOU POST THIS IDIOT
I tried giving them headsup earlier today when it was first being mentioned on Twitter but everyone here wanted to stay poor I guess.
this shit gonna moon fr, where do you source this info?
Circulating: 11m Total:100mKYS IMMEDIATELY
Private whale telegrams.It's over when it gets announced.REEEEEEEEEEEE.
Instant 5X
Look /biz/, look who I found!!!
Circulating: 11mTotal: 100m of which 89million ARE FUCKING FROZEN until mid 2018.KYS immediately.
Df cmon.. was trying to keep this lowkey
Post the source from which you know it goes on binance
get hit by an airplane
https://news.bitcoin.com/pr-aeron-arn-token-list-binance-com-fastest-growing-exchange/They did same early announce for hibtc, its on there now.
Binance logo on Aeron site.FUCKING HOP ON THE MOON MISSION NOW
gEt HiT bY aN aIrPlAnEhaHAAim 13 btw
120ETH wall down now :0 lezz go boys
lool 100 eth wall destroyed
Can I trust EtherDelta for trading?
Looks laggish as fuck
Yea, it's totally fine right now.It's gotten faster.Set your gas price to 8.1 and you should be good to go!
Also, don't forget to double check your order!
You don't wanna be buying 0.1 Aeron for 100 ETH, do you now :/
wtf
i used ED for first time to buy ARN and it was pretty simple just gotta not be a dumbass
Check again mate.Someone was fucking around.
I created a new account on EtherDelta.
Do I just send my ETH directly to the wallet's address?
Because I'm seeing a deposit panel but doesn't allow me to deposit because my ETH is 0?
What is that for then?
read a guide before you fuck yourself.but yea just send eth to the address in top right corner.
i used metamask then you deposit the ETH in then place your order watch the help videos on the navbar
Don't create a new account.Instead import your own account (provide the address of the wallet and your private key).If you happen to have a lot of stuff in your main wallet, maybe create a new one, then send ETH to that before you import the new wallet into EtherDelta.
Once you have your funds in place, go to Deposit and move your funds from your wallet to the Etherdelta Wallet.
***MAKE SURE YOU SAVE SOME ETH in your wallet SO YOU CAN PAY FOR GAS***.
Then it's just easy as buying and transferring back to your wallet using the withdraw function (don't use the transfer function, buggy as hell).
I'm laughing at you losers, I shilled this coin here 3 days in a row and nobody bothered to respond.
I'm already 50% up on it, and the moon hasn't even started yet.
I warned ya
THAT FAT FINGER
who ended up selling for the 5 eth lmao
Hey free money man.
Gotta be kind hearted for tipping an anon.Send me some etherium: 0x149e1E4Ba87786f34b67985a03FE5c408344F6AA
source of the rumor of getting it listed on binance?
I'm in, riding untill 20 mill market cap.
0.002 now what the fuck are you waiting for?https://twitter.com/aeron_aero/status/915155446834565120
Shit will be at .003 in one hour lol
Buy high sell low again?
I'm not falling for your tricks anymore OP
up 60% in 2 hours, THANK U BIZ
I wonder if you've ever made 50% profits before lol.Buy high, sell high.
That's how you ride a pump.
Look at how no one's selling.
Look at how the price has only gone up within the hour.
This isn't a pump and dump.
It's just a pump.Regret not FOMOing in later
Sell walls disappearing, in the green already.
Might be a x4 when it hits binance.
Buys fools
is binance confirmed?
https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/aeron/how do you know its going on binance ?
4362844twitter -> aeron_aero/status/915155446834565120
Easy 10x.
No joke.
Marketcap is only 6m right now.
It's on its website bro
4362861
binance don't allow this
Love that pepe image
You can google "binance aeron" for the public announcement.He made a similar announcement with HitBTC and it got listed.I highly, highly doubt anyone would damage their entire project by lying about an exchange listing.
You guys trying to spread FUD, but the founder already confirmed he could announce
well we are already halfway through the month.
gonna be listed soon :3
ED is so slow
tried getting in at 17 earlierits already at 24STOP GOING HIGHER REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Lmao
m cap confirmed
it's also listed on the official website https://aeron.aero/
Can EtherDelta be any user friendly?
Holy shit.
Is this how DEX looks like in real life?
Can EtherDelta be any user friendly?It's ok once you get used to it.
Personally I'm glad it's not more user friendly cos that keeps most plebs away from gems in early stages while also providing regular fat finger comedy like here
It will get better I suppose.Just think back to the earliest computer.It looks like a piece of shit.
Heavy as a brick too.
We'll get there some day.
DEX's are a huge breakthrough if they can replace our current exchanges.
Can even make crypto mainstream.
6m with an alpha, it's a joke, GET IN NOW
4363148Hehe you're right about fat fingers.
Thanks also to 4362490for showing me the way of DEX.
I now own some of ARN
the reason I love ED is because people always sell in one large chunk on that exchange.if a big holder wants to sell, you can just put a fat buy order like 10% less than the current price and someone will probably sell to you lol.no one wants to keep selling off pieces then waiting for confirmation then keep refreshing etc etc.
so fukin annoying.
one buy and one sell ED crew.
literally 80% of this is just people from the coins telegram ..
Pajeet noARNer.
Bought 1300 at the very top, yw
more volume than confidook buddy
Don't worry you'll get 2x from that in no time brother.