When will you sell your BTC?
10k?
20k?
100k?
2 - 3 MM
>selling crypto everimagine being this naive
>selling Bitcoin for useless fiat.
I will rake some profit at 20k, maybe one BTC and then I'll hold the remainder.
If BTC takes off - mega richIf I cash out - 50 percent taxed and have a little bit of money.No brainer.
I just keep it as a trophy and to say i was part of it, no matter the price or if it completely crashes.
It has by now already a cultural value.
Wouldn't sell for 100k, im already rich.
BTC is a status symbol, not gonna get rid of that.
HODL till i die
Cultural Value = That shit is for sure going in the history books, either as Tulip Mania 2.0 or as a fucking blood bath that made a lot of nerds fucking rich; so either way it has value aside from its notation.
No other coin has this
250k and im out
I really miss all the Bcash threads.
Where are all those brainlets hiding?
Even if this is tulpmania 2.0,It was worth the ride
By the time it reaches 250k, what fiat will hold its value better than BTC?
i'll buy some realty to live in, currently paying for rent
Fair enough.
If my neetbux can buy me arable land with access to water I'll make that trade too
As soon as it's low of course.
This is \biz\
AUS tax 50%???
The one true answer.kek'd
Realistically, though, I am HODLing until it crashes to nothing and WW3 wipes us out.Failing that, I will hold until it is accepted (perhaps "sought after"?)
as a payment method for real estate.
I want a modest house and a big, cheap rural house.
Idea is to rent out the family home and live off the proceeds just like a fucking boomer tyrant.
I want something like this except instead of rural I want a beachside house so I can surf every morning before getting comfy and trading crypto with a coffee
They are sore losers who are unable to apologize.
So they did the next best thing and went MIA.
Only a retard doesn't hold both.Bitcoin Core is useless as a payment system, and Lightning Network is many months or years away.But I'm still happy to get richer off muh digital gold
Why so low OP?
holding bothIt's a zero sum game.
When BCC goes down, BTC goes up and vice-versa.
4392751Considering these comments, it would seem like it is a good time to buy bcash...
I think XRP, DASH, ETH, MNR and NEM are all better to hold as a counter to BTC than BCC
k
>when BTC pays for your extremely expensive life extension, and subsequent, eventual immortality
when my barber gets all excited about this new thing called bitcoin
sellYou sweet summer childBitcoin will be an asset class against which you can obtain loans.
You'd no more sell BTC than sell your parent's home ... while they're still in it
It was for ten days the trading about $7750 but that link is being broken: the pair has been above $8000 for +24hrs
If it looks like it has peaked and is heading for a long correction, I'll sell some to preserve profit and buy back when it's done correcting.
as soon as BCH drops below 600 again
1/4 at $ 10k, another 1/4 at $ 20k, and hold the rest for my retirement.
Sold it all at the peak (0.05 btc).I have buy orders at lower price points.
The tether pump makes me uneasy, so do the core affiliations to global banking.
I'd rather miss out on x10 profits than risk holding BTC right now.
ETH is a level of risk I'm comfortable with, with ideologies I can live with even if not ideal.>inb4 commie meme from guy not involved in ethereum anymore>inb4 pedo meme from brainlets who can't understand theoretical arguments
.05btc LEFT*
It was for one weekend when some whales dumped one for the other.
But the rest of the time, they moved largely in tandem.
BCH is basically one of them little cuck fish, who swim around underneath the belly of a much larger fish all day, waiting to gobble up some of the juicy morsels that fall from his grinning fishchad mouth as he eats another fiat currency whole.
going from crypto trading to farmingyou are in for a shock at what real work is anon
> own 5 bitcoin> "Coongratulations and enjoy the purchase of your brand new Model 3, that will be 0.003 bitcoin please