Remember how badly you wanted a second chance and how you missed out on BTC?
Well here is your second chance and it is right in front of you, you just haven't realized it yet.
Start accumulating; if you think 1.2k is worth a lot you haven't seen nothing yet.I don't want to hear you next year about how you missed out on this one too.
Anon stop trying to sell your bags to poor ignorant anons.
This is the slow bleed phase at the end of a coin that's hit its top for a while
Look, it's simple.
If by Friday, BTC still has a 100,000 backlog.
The BTC network will never recover
You're a greedy fuck that is trying to accumulate this rare second opportunity all for himself by spreading FUD, don't think that we do not see through your ruse because we do.
BTC is a banker controlled coin.
We here at /biz/ wont stand for it.BCH and ETH will rise.
where do you monitor this?
This piece of shit isn't going up more than another few hundred sats before it drops like the brick of chink shit that it is.Nothing will happen friday when bitcoins mempool gets spammed more.
Nothing.
Just like nothing from the previous chink attempts from Rog Paj and Wu Doodoo
when do the koreans get out of jail and pump this shit again?
or have they accepted defeat?
You're half-right... Anon is a bag-holding cuck trying to offload his shit...But what's going to happen is he's going to unload at the .23 that he went all in on and giggle that he was finally able to unload... only to realize that he's riding BTC down to chain-death while his former bags are now mooning and lambo-landing the smart money he sold to...Core cucks never learn...
Down to 80,000 from 100,000 earlier this morning ;)

don't think that we do not see through your ruse because we do.I don't want Jihan's fucking coin.
Hell I don't even want BTC as king from how many other coins do its job betterYeah instead of banker controlled you get Chinese miner controlled.
Awesome
Bro, 4chan FUD is not going to do anything to a coin with 20b market cap.
Looks like anon is just trying to warn people and I agree with him.
Isn't it beautiful how Ver fucked himself over?
He also took with him a lot of easily impressionable conspiratards, without even mentioning all the poo in loos he is paying for astroturfing his shitcoin.
Feels good not to be a cashcuck
t. Future BaghodlerIn t-minus 2.5 hours, you'll be looking for a gun to kill yourself with because your off-exchange BTC will be at the bottom of the transaction totum-pole as normie whales and FOMOs from this bull-trap are scrambling to get the fuck out...Meanwhile BCH hodlers will be orgasming with no hands at the sight of their blockfolio lines going straight up vertically....
i'll imprison ur mum with ma dick son while you collapse under the weight of your bags
bcash classic is satoshis true vision
Ver will dump all his BTC and flash crash BTC to 3k.
Concurrently he will pump BCH to 4k.
At that point it's already game over for BTC.
and what is happening in 2.5 hours?
another shitty pump attempt that will barely take it to 0.19 and back down again?
What happens in 2.5h?
bcash classicThis.
True bcash = Bcash Classic
>core associated with kike banksThat's honestly the only reason I need to not buy btc.
Call me stupid but if there is one thing I know it's that with jews you lose.
wtf is this shit now?
fuck satoshi and his vision.. i'm sticking with the bitcoin that is going to the moon the fastest.
4381126>VER is offloading BTC bags into BCH... .1 cock flasher on Bittrex will push his cock up to .2... >The downward slide of BTC will begin... >Then tomorrow the final blow will be struck: Seg2x starts>hashpower for BTC will go down to under 40% due to this along with the amount miners jumping back into BCH in the ensuing panic.
>Unconfirmed will skyrocket to 120-200K plus within hours.
>Jihan ASIC boosts...> BTC dumps further down by the whales...Your bags will never recover...
you little pricks say that everyday..bch gets a pump.. muh flipeningdumped.pump again.. this time we do it..dumped.fork coming.. btc is fucking over guysdidn't do shit.and now what ever the fuck you're mumbling about.
thanks but no thanks i'm not touching that shitty coin.
https://core.jochen-hoenicke.de/queue/#24h
4381110I am throurougly enjoying your tearshttps://twitter.com/BitfuryGeorge/status/930599999397814273
*thouroughly
Jeez this place is getting out of control, so is reddit.
The fact is:No Matter what Jihan and co wants to prove, it is in common interest to not to fuck with the balance in cryptos like that.
Last weekend was just a show off to prove that BCH is there and it is there to stay.
BTC and BCH will co-exist in a hedge parity relation.
Nothing more, nothing less.
Noone wants to fuck with the booming crypto-market because it would only create a lose-lose situation.Think of it as the new cold war
I just sent BTC from bittrex to coinbase in 12 mins.
What is this delay you speak of?
How is bcoin (Blockstream Coin) going to exist when all the hashing power goes to Bitcoin?
If by tomorrow BCH doesn't reach 3K it will never go above 1.5K ever again.
See, I can also make up shit.
12 minutes
He doesn't know.
BTC faction used a DDOS attack to stop the bleeding and normies fudded out of BCH... but that was a test run.
Tomorrow's fork will be 9/11.... CAP THIS SHIT
Because of the DAA.
And because of the higher transaction costs with the congestion from BTC, miners will switch back.
The way I see it, it is only about swing mining for the miners, kust like its BTC/alt trading for the traders
Wrong.
Look up both DAA's Figure out the interaction.
Good luck.
A-anon the mempool is almost cleared!!!
BTC is king and there's no problems with it at all!
What fork?
See, I can also make up shit.Did you watch the charts back when BCH went up last time?
It's making the exact same moves.
Huge jump up, predictable swings slightly down (you could've made really fucking good money on those), followed by the bleedThe least you could do is properly zoom out
so, do we wait another 2-3months before the next pump?
SELL NOW OR FOREVER HOLD BAGS
if u hate BCH holders so much why do u want them to sell
I want to save my fellow /biz/ comrades from certain bankruptcy.
BTC will increase more in term of multiples in the next year than BCH will ever rise.
CSW may not be satoshi, but he did formulate the BCH DAA.
What do you think that means?
One less pink wojack will we have to see when the day comes.
Honestly I wouldn't be surprised if it happened again, but after 2/3 times (depending on if you count Bittrex) I'm not sure if the market will go for it again
Nobody knows shit in this situation right now, I've watched the fork happening, I've seen BCH being 1.49x more profitable to mine than BTC, where the price of both coins didn't give a flying fuck about.
Without the price manipulation, no flippening is happening and there is not enough price manipulation from Jihan and co to keep it sustainable more than an hour.
And with CME futures kicking in, there will be less room for that kind of PnD.BCH is a good hedge to BTC and BTC is a good hedge to BCH.
Traders and miners alike will try to make the most out of it.
HODLers won't give a shit since they are HODLing both.
My personal view in all this: I'm here to make money but I'm also here for the long run.
If I wanted something centralized, I'd stick to my fiat, go for some 20%ish pa gain from stocks.
I believe in the lightning network and scaling tx/s through other coins.
Fuck if that doesn't work out we still have other solutions including IOTA or whatever might come from tangle approach.
I'm not ok with is a bunch of neo /b/tards fucking around with a technology which is the evolution of current economic situation (interest rate getting closer to 0%, even IMF being clueless about how to keep the global economy functioning) and one of the pillar of the fourth industrial revolution.That being said, I believe the shit happening nowadays in the crypto scene is similar to science.
Scientists are driven with curiosity and try to desynthesize existing theories and laws.
If that happens another breakthrough comes in.
In the world of crypto, BCH fucking up BTC in the way it happened last weekend will only result in two things: Months of bearish market and new, stronger approaches coming in.But like I said, unless you are capable of getting out there with profits at the right time (which is a shit hard thing to do), you don't want to fuck with this kind of things and as Jihan, being one of the ASIC miner manufacturere, doesn't want to fuck with this...
He also got a whole lot of other stuff wrong and has been called out publicly for several of his great ideas.
Wait and see where DAA gets it.
Hint.
Nowhere.
There's a fundamental reason why and he doesn't seem to have taken that into account.
Bitcoin Cash DAA is still learning.
Soon it's going to be the profitable coin to mine constantly.
Sure the few Blockstream paid miners will keep on mining Bitcoin Core, but it will take them years to get through 1600 blocks so that Bitcoin Core DAA can re-adjust.
The most optimal time for the flippening would be right after the next Bitcoin Core DAA re-adjust, but that's like 16 days away (assuming current hashrate).
However, unless they keep pumping Bitcoin Core and dumping Bitcoin Cash, the next Bitcoin Core DAA re-adjust is actually at least months away..
And what fundamental reason is that?
This is objectively wrong.
The BCH block time doesn't adjust downwards that efficiently, which means if the difficulty goes too high and the price drops, it becomes unprofitable.Look at block times - if the diagram were true it would consistently be hitting 6 blocks an hour, but a couple of hours ago it was 13.DAA adjusts downward over the last 144 blocks.Another hard fork incoming.
Dude, that's just not happening because of higher transaction fees in case of BTC core tx congestion
You can't FUD from a height of 0.5 back down to 0.14.
That can only happen if it was a fake pump and dump.
This is how smart traders handle waves and spikes like we had with BCH:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S2QlbGQbe6AAnd this is how you did:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CTeXKHkNqgk&t=0m45s
You don't know how this works.
If he flash crashes BTC, then it will bounce back in a hurry.
Just like what happened to Ethereum the other day when someone fat-fingered the price to 10 cents or so.
Bcash holders should sell now or kill themselves!
you got fooled by a scam coin retards
These BCH cucks are just sad.
Not even funny memes, just angry and pathetic delusions.
4382535The only regret I have is not buying more.
min left before you realize that your ass just got JUSTED again
Stop putting out times
Why would he have a time?
TA, inside info, bullshit?
4382964read his post and check how long ago he posted.
I know but what is his info/time based on.
Where did he know 2.5 hours, what is supposed to happen and why?Also, mempool is at 90k again just now
,5 hours just wait for the massive pump comingStill waiting, Bcash drops even more CASH KEKS!!
WREKT
I sold my fork coins at 0.33 on the way up the other day, I'm thinking of buying back, I've got an order in around 0.14.
Should I raise it?
I don't care I went in at 0.07 and will wait and hold
Paying for BCHWhat?
he is still x2... so what does it matter?
I'd just buy now, target price is around 0.19-0.21 short term.
in at .2, holding... what do you think
https://amp.reddit.com/r/CryptoCurrency/comments/7cyz5m/confessions_of_a_core_supporter/>Confessions of a retard
Roger, is that you?
fuck me..
Penny droppingC4$H there's no stopping
remember when you missed outNo, I don’t.
You want this to be another btc.
I get that.
A man needs a dream.But seriously you are explicitly advocating FOMO buys right now.This coin simply isn’t appealing because it’s basically a beefed up bitcoin.
It doesn’t solve any problems, it just band-aids them in the immediate term.
Imagine if adoption grew 8x.
Now it has the same exact problem as btc only less independent miners.Dismiss this as you will but at least understand why some people aren’t falling for your shill.
Went all in at 38Don't make the same mistake I did, anons.
And still bagholding, in case that wasn't clear.
And bitcoin gold?
Any good?
Segshit=no
If you want a different POW bitcoin I can see the appeal.
But at that point I would just swap to eth.
Also, consider that the difficulty adjustment fork is basically minting new BCH at a much more rapid rate.
Larger supply means long term depreciation.
Miners obviously know this and they aren't willing to hold on to coins that will naturally depreciate in value through mining, so they'll sell their BCH as soon as they can for something more stable.
Nobody is panic selling at this point.
Everyone who's devoted to BCH is holding faithfully.
It's just the miners who are slowly leaking value out of BCH.This is why BCH is on a slow decline.