I'm a Christian and I was thinking about investing into ARK, however, isn't mixing biblical terminology and with finance related matters blasphemous?
Are there any other Christian investors here that could give me some insight?
The Ark part was still in the jewish half of the bible and jews are doing well with finance.So embrace the history of your ideology and invest away.
thisembrace the bizreali
Not blasphemous, I love Jesus.I’m reserving judgement on whether one world currency is a mark of the beast anon.We have to get out if it is.
Why are we discussing fairytales on a business board?
There was a mystic shaman on here the other night giving crypto investment adviceThis board is great
Low IQs from /pol/.
lol don't get hung up in the old testament
Hey man, what's your favorite brand of fedora?
Dont worry anon, it dosent matter if you are jewish or christian... during the entire story your entire religion was based on what you would call a blasphemy.
Control of politic power, draining money of the faithful and lets not put wars on this or purges (from both protestants and catholics)...Have any issue mixing biblical terminology?
well too bad, for centuries and centuries the jews changed their scriptures (part of which you all still follow) to match their political tendencies, you could not rule or do shit without the will of religious leaders.
And the romans did the same thing which whatever Jesus said before they nailed him on a pice of wood.We even had some pope that bathed a kid on gold to parade him on Rome... of course the rascal died.. did you think he had any regret?
Bullshit... and look at you, having issues about the name of some zeroes and ones...
If there is a afterlife they would all laugh of you.We are all in home anon, market, love, religion..... they are all based on lies.
christian>being held slave to the jews shitlord of a god>ishiggydiggydoo
Spot the (((rat)))
My dad bought a few hundred ARK for that exact reason.
He liked that the name was biblical