/biz/ lingo thread, post and explain every term for the rookies (notmeiswear)
When someone talks about IOTA they are referring to the Islamic Organization of Terrorist Attackers.
No.Fuck off.
Fuck off.not familiar with this one, care to explain?
true if big
Buy bitbean you faggot
kysit means kill you're self
buy the dip actually means invest in slavery
kneepads = short bitcoin
tulip mania = buy bitcoin
Roastie- A sandwich served by Chad, to the poor masses who fail at crypto.
Will often make you sick and probably kill you.
kekd
Here's one for you...>FUCKING NORMIES GET THE FUCK OFF MY FUCKING BOARD YOU FUUUUUUCKS...
I WILL ONLY SAY THIS ONCE... GET.
THE FUCK.
OOOOOOOOOOUT REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Ok, OP here are the basics:FUD - Fools Underestimate Dogecoin, pretty self explanatory.
Don't engage with these fools at all.FOMO - Fuck OmiseGo Motherfucking OmiseGO, one of the worst coins out there.
Keep on FOMOing OP if you want to keep your money.TA - Toasted Avocados.
Basically means you're finished.
You lost your money, you're getting out, you're toasted avocados, TA.Bittrex - a popular anti-depressant that people on /biz/ consume to keep themselves sharp between the ears.Bollinger bands - exercise product that enables you to workout while being on the computer.
A must have for all traders.Bagholder - a person who made extravagant gains and is now walking around with $1500 Louis Vutton handbags.
Your goal in this game is to become a bagholder.Buy the rumor, sell the news - basically means start your own journalism company.
You use your cash to buy up rumors from people and then print the rumors and sell those newspapers for a profit.That should get you started for now.
buy low sell high = code for buy high sell low, don't fall for the memes
Shorting = sellingLong = buyingMargin = a trade that makes you a small profit
simpletake an 'off'and fuck it
it means snort cocaine off a prostitute.
Guide to /biz/ for beginners pic related.
SAT = Saturday.
Pink wojack - Pink woman's jacket"Made $200 trading ARK today, get my wife a pink wojack!
"I don't even know why we bother to shorten this one.
Deluded arkies = buy ark
>LINKIEA deluded person with schizophrenia, autism and 9/10 gay af
this is something a 50 year old reddit emigre would say, good one
Hahaha nice.Noob here, I had no idea about the meaning.
Outted!
I'm going back to r/pics I don't need this