Forex last callWe are trading the forex until it closes in 6 hoursGoing long NZD/USD
entry: 0.681575sl: 0.6808tp: 0.6823
Protip:Dont actually put in a stop loss unless you are going to the bathroom.
The banks are watching your orders and will try to execute your loss.
Manually watch
ok it pumping up hopefully it breaks celingif not I will prob cancel to take a 0.5% loss if possible
nothing is moving.
great opportunity for breakout trading
ok its happening NZD going up
Nobody is responding since everybody is a cryptocuck so I'll respond, how's your day been anon?
its fine, I do this publicly to test my performanceits been a wild week, snorting adderall and doing forex, too bad the weekend has to come
currently +0.5% very nervous
forex literally proven by numerous studies that it is impossible to generate alpha through currency trades>literally smarter to go gambling at a casino than to bet on forex>unironically thinking some voodoo on a 2 dimensional chart has some causal relationship to future FX rates>mfw OP thinks he is Soros
AT CEILINGEXPECT PEOPLE TO SHORT NOW AND THEN BANKERS WILL CLEAR IT OUT AND WE MOON MAYBE PROBABLY
Tell me something I dont know bro...
I do it as a hobby, only a couple hundred in my cfd account
fuck too scarystop olssed at literally Profit/Loss % 0.00%didnt look like it was gonna breakout
as a hobbyGet a better hobby.
This isn't teaching you anything.
All the time you waste on this craps you could be using to get skills that actually generate money
implying its my only hobbywtf is wrong with you?
you just want to yell at some noob traders?I have a job and I trade everything: stocks, commodities, crypto, Etfs whateverI find the forex to be fun
t. got rekt in trading
also I love craps and gambling in general, but craps is my favorite
Protip for forex: Its better put 1000 dollars on a position at 3x leverage than $10 at 100x leveragethe first you will almost certainly make a gain or at least break even depending on trend direction.
The second will certainly get liquidated before it hits your markThe biggest mistake I see people doing is using more than 10x leverage.
They use fucking 100x or more, which is what only suckers do
New High-risk position on Natural Gasshortentry: 3.123sl: 3.137Its in my sell zone, I only make these nat gas trades at times like this because of the great slow sideways action, but if stop loss hits Im not reentering until 3.2
4417329By all means, feel free to invest in currencies.
I just wanted to point out that I am superior than you for not pointlessly wasting my time
people everywhere are calling long on it, hence why Im going shortmy prediction is that after this spike up it will drop to around 3.1 before the break begins in an hour.
Also market closes in 3 hours so Im expecting sell off
so.. this is what superiority looks like
putting a small buy 25% of orignal position expecting it to maybe touch up to 3.150 as a final ceiling
just smoked a fat ass kike to improve my trading

break timewe're trading natural gas, hedge strategyopens 40 minutes then its only open for an hour, hopefully it does a swing