Any insiders know what will likely 2-3x in the next couple weeks?
I mean like good projects in the likes of wtc and Monaco, Zen
Link.... Dead serious.. they have been working on a huge update for transferring link (worked on hardware for phones so you can transfer by having phones close to eachother and so on).
I know this because a guy I know works for ab electrical engineering company..
BITBEAN
If you're not already in Ark, you're beyond help.
2-3x could happen any moment.
Look up Modum (MOD)
4242152Is there any reason besides what we've already known for the last three months
CFD, easily.
I honestly wouldn't be surprised if it goes 10x within a month
Funfair's really undervalued right now and has solid support around 200 sats.
There's no reason for the price to go up anytime soon so there's time to stock up because in December they're releasing the Alpha of their platform finally.
In this time they'll also probably reveal some partnerships with casino operators which could be a big deal.
Stox
Research EDO op
 DOVU$6mm market capfunded by Jaguar Land rover
HDG is undervalued at 3 mio USD marketcap.
Only competitors are ICN and blackmoon.
Both sinking ships, especially ICN.
he thinks wtc is doneAlso>KMDST (just hit my +50% profit take limit last night)>ARKSecret is that you don't see any shills making threads about these, that's why they're so /comfy/
Wait forgot I said ARK, it gets shilled a lot but it was like that before it mooned last time too, it's the people's coin
Just for background>Rode WTC from $1.50 to $6.77>XVG from 150sat to 180sat on arbitrage, then 90sat to 110sat (it's done for now but still a good project I'll get back in)>Been sitting on KMD last two weeks up 50%+ and still no one is talking about it
Pssstttt, have you heard of Ripio?
Its backed by several strong VCs
REQ volume is building and announcements are on the way
Wow RCN is rising!
confido without a doubt!
DYOR please
ETP
Listen to this.
to 3x growthkekYou want real growth?
Some random shitcoin.No seriously, everyone here telling OP to "invest" in "actual projects" are fucking stupid, it's almost like they haven't been here the past month as every alt worth a damn has bled.
Smart money is in random shitcoins with inexplicable hype, monitor the trollbox on coinexchange.io and buy whatever is getting hyped
REQ on trex and polo in next 2weeks, screencap.
My whalegroup has guys inside both exchanges.
CFD, MOD, and link
Powerledger on binance
Bitcoin Cash is going to 10x with the flippening.
It's so obvious that it will happen that people can't believe it
Elaborate
Op $NULS is going to moon do not miss it.
This is like getting in on wtc early.
On binance.
Just listed.
Honestly ICON.
The token is called ICX.
That's your best bet.
POWR on bittrex either this week or next
Chinese chatter is buy NULS
Insider here.
Go all in on DGB... Trust me.
VTC will moons after the fork to 2xAll-Time high ;)
Going towards the fork (1 week):Bitcoin cash - 1.5-2xConfido - 5x
Buy $NULS indeed.
This is some deep insider shit.
Today's price action is going to look like baby steps.
You'd have to be a moron to buy that now.
Have fun with your bags.
Yeah okay.
That's why the price has fallen?
Oh?
It barely has and I'm well in the green?
Cry moar, europoor
Just wait and see buddy.
Why would you buy a coin that already mooned and will crash very hard soon when you can buy something with an actual product that hasn't mooned yet but will soon?
EDO is where smart money is.Although gratz on your profits, if you're smart you should cash out while your ahead.
I hope tou get ANAL CANCER
Because its market cap is still only 8 mil and outside of 4chan thanks to that anon the west has not woken up to it
no idea why you getting hate but KMD is great.
I have also been riding the waves up.
buying and selling but always ending up with more and more KMD.
got over 1000 now and this shit will moon after the fork.
FuuuuckkkkDIONS bro
How much to join in?
Pls advise channel deets
ALIS dude
DOVU.
Low cap and strong partnerships (Jaguar / British government)