For anyone interested in a really speculative crypto, look into tradecoin.It is listed on novaexchange and has a marketcap of only $8k.The two devs have finalised and tested marsternodes and are due to release them very soon, along with new exchanges.Obviously this is a risky coin, but it could easily 10-50x.Link to the discord:https://discord.gg/6RzcJ5
Volume >$45 So basically all you, OP?
you're shilling is not welcome here
Yesterday's update
trusting someone who can't use, commas
literally down 27%
it would have been more effective had you just asked someone to double your $45 with some sob story
I havent bought for about a weekExactly!
Crazy cheap for the potential it has!
what potential?
hahahahahha
To make rise in price, obviously
where do you even buy this shitcoin
For now, novo exchange.
Theyre in talks about possibly getting it in cryptopia
>pajeet coded masternode scamNice, just bought 100k
Think of it this way; between 10sat and 400sat there is only 0.1btc worth of tradeThat should show you just how fast this thing could rise.Im not saying you should buy up into the buy side, as that will be really hard.
But put a order in at like 10 sat and if it gets filled youre almost guaranteed to make some serious profit.
Thinking of buying more desu
Got some at 10sat !
such pathetic pajeet shilling baka
Please explain how the fuck this is shilling?
but what does it do?
lol
Just a Dev PnD scam I'd recommend to stay out of it but you people are completely deluded.
You understand that others have gone before you investing in this and lost a shit ton of money as a result of it?
You really think you're first?
That you spotted something others didn't?
They all just want a masternode to come out because they think that the price will go 10000x because of it.
Shit community, Shit team and a shitcoin.
Waste of time
Back this up with one bit of eveidence.
You can't.
I bet you post this on every thread about a coin with less than 100million market cap.Wake up to yourself
website down lol
and the discord link doesn't work
OP delet this, im still filling my bagskek
Need new link
Dude go talk with earlier members and go into their discord and start asking the real questions.
If you don't want to believe it then go ahead
I purchased tradecoin myself after finding out that it was just a huge scam and the devs never deliver.
They just dump, release news to make the price pump and then dump again repeating the cycle untill they're millionaires.
You do know they work on 2 projects at the same time right?
44105274409264440885544081284408018You're pushing way too hard.You need to be a bit more subtle than this.
Nobody in that community cares about the project they just wanna see those masternodes come out and the price go 1000x after that its dead as fuck and no1 in their right mind would buy this shitcoin.
Why not buy and hold until that happens then?
Deluded piece of shit, wake up yourself and start doing some actuall fucking work instead of leeching.
Cause that price isn't gonna budge because this coin is pretty well known already as being a huge fucking scam, only deluded morons like yourself still buy into it because you're filled with greed.
You know for how long those devs have been saying that MasterNodes will come out very soon?
Its just to make the price go up so they can dump their preloaded bags.
Go fucking invest into Virta Unique in 6 months they will have HURRDUURRR CRYPTOLESSONS ANd will BUy all Coins Up!
to 10k sat!!
HJRRDURR!!!
virtua unique another scam
Are you autistic?
another shitcoin with 1 dev who goes awol with buzzwords all over the website, it's literally impossible to do all that clear he just wants to pump the price to dump his bags on you greedy pajeets
Yeah you're autistic, I ment to say that it is a scam.
I'm going to stop replying to this thread now.
go shit on a street fgt