Who else is holding this?How big are your bags?I'm holding 40k and looking forward to my lamboWhitepaper looks great especially the stuff about token burn Actually think this will replace paypal
kHodling for the long haul, comfy as
Is this on bittrex or Binance ?
Have been hodling only link and btc in cold storage but this looks like a solid buy.
Don't want to get out of bed if I need to make an account somewhere else
REQ team look so much better and professional than OMG hype coin.
Stay strong brother.
Ill see you on the moon
17K yeww
Its on binance trade against ether
I want to sell but this crap won't pump.
There are other better coins than this crap but I'm trapped in this crap because if I sell now I'll eat a big loss.
Butthurt OMG jihad?
stop shilling.
we dont want pajeets involved in this else it will get dumped as soon as it makes 30% or so and will take longer to moon.
Reporting in round about 400k here.
probably better not to shill req on /biz and get a bunch of autists thinking the coin is a turd like link.leddit is a better place
leddit has leftists and nu-males , which, not as bad as the pajeets here, are still dumb and shittty investors.
I have 150k Req in an offline walleti day trade 20k, my goal to is have atleast 500k req
Is it still sub-ICO?Might throw $100 in.
When are these guyz planning to present their "pay with req" button?
k
How many coins do we think we will need to stake?
Sitting on 21k atm.
Would like to get 30k just to be sure
Stack is almost at 1M.
Need to do a bit more day-trading to hit the magic round number.> Actually think this will replace paypalYes, and that is just one part of the business.
Automated payments between IoT devices (your car pays for its own parking or charging) are going to be huge.
25k here and hodling strong
Just got in first 1000 holders.
Aiming for top 100.
how much do you have to hold to be top 100?
I must be close now.
Holding 44k.Missed out on Confido 12xMissed out on Ripio Credit Network 3xMissed out on Powerledger 3xMissed out on BCH 5xI want to kms
btw - I increased my stack when it dipped.
Still feel no better being at massive loss compared to ICO price.
what's wrong with this shitcoin?Why can't it stay above the ICO price?
and to do things like that, it will require LINK.
fyi
It clearly doesn't need LINK.
LINK is just a cherry on the cake.
They have already stated other ways to use oracles.
i've been buying every 2nd monday of the month because there's usually a pump leading up to their monthly news.
i sell the bags right before the news and hedge in NEO to generate gas for a month and repeat the steps again the next month.
easy money.
I really don't think they need LINK either
4337711433793543381564338687Moon party q4 2018... bring your lambos
What color can you recommend?
k
REQ blue ofc
how much REQ do I need to get mooned?
I find your ID highly offensive, 0x is a 10/10 project and you need to be more respectful.
Hold tight my friend
k REQ by q4 2018 and youll be a multi millionare by 2020(Screencap this toast)
Multi multi millionaire confirmed + a REQ blue lambo confirmed too.
Holding 115k.
Wat was this random pump and dump?
Seriously why?
It has been trading for a month and hasnt gone up?
Well boohoo Ill send a postcard from the moon.Seriously wait for a month or two and lets see where we are then.
Biz is full of impatient tards

Seriously why?Have you not seen the massive speculation and FOMO in the primary BTC market?None of the altcoins have seen any growth.
All the capital is flowing between BCH and BTC now.
Back and forth.
Good luck with this idea man.
OMG hype coin.. 90% hype 10% work
But when do we moon?
Pump and dump?
Req will partner with Link.
Both of them will take us to the moon.
2018 is the year of /biz/
We need a request lambo party after the moon.
Clueless parasites like you don't deserve profit.Go buy OMG instead.
It's more suitable for the type of person you are.
holding tight boys ~300 mio cap Q4 2018
LMAODELUDED.
OMG made me a parasite, you missed the initial moon mission from OMG?
This shitcoin will do another OMG hype.
But in the end we are all the same, trying to get richer.
Nice fucking id
4340790I'm telling you.
Screencap this.
Print it.
Put it on your wall.
WHATS YOUR FUCKING PROBLEM MAN?!
???
Why do you sound so angry lol
Considering I hold both of them, this would be beautiful.I like your dream anon.
x fags eternally rekt.
Will they ever recover?
I have 410k REQ tokens Really want to get 1 mill.If DRP moons to like 3 dollars i'll sell some of my dcorp stack and buy 600k REQ tokens.
Other than that I am so C-O-M-F-Y
No
I only have 40k just now but I want to be at 200k+ buy Q2 2018
30k here.
Am I going to make it?
Just raised my 9k ICO tokens into 12k, getting the DCA much lower.
Just bought more ETH and if REQ stays low tomorrow, I'll probably buy more.
Buying now is like free money.
This.
Everything below £0.039 Not to buy just now is crazy
q2 I think REQ is gonna be at least like 35 to 50 cents but I could be wrong.
But I really think it will be
4341337it hasnt even mooned yet
Already at the end of the year this low price target will be Hit.
Fucking jelly anon.
Anyone with half a million or more is made.
What makes you say that senpai Seriously.
I like talking price discussion and prediction.
I'm curious on your input.
3M+ here.
all in bois.
DELET THIS right FUCKING NOW
,25-0.30 USD will be the first price range it will be after the successful Test Net launch and the first onpage product launch which was originally planned for Q1.
Next step is Q1 2018.
Bull run to 0.75-0.9 USD is possible.
Wont brake 1 USD though,I have an PHD in TA memes, so it's literally confirmed.
4341421I think it will more like be around $0.15 - $0.20 per token at this pointBut who knows.Anybody getting decent bags at the price just now will be C O M F YI know that much
hold me brehs
Don't give up, never sell this diamond.
$100 when?
Sorry.
I am not deluded.
But i can confirm at least 0,5 Dollar by the end of the year.
EOY>in a month and a half>after a release of a productliterally a no brainer there m8
REQ will moon.
not a question of if, just when.the prophecy
I know.
I went all in and even sold my gold / silver stacks - Feeling comfy
huge project but its mid to long term, q1 2018 we will be happy
mid to long term>Q1 2018how the hell is that mid to long?I don't care if crypto works at light speed, 2-3 months from now is nothing
300k REQ hereThis thing's gonna be fucking huge when it takes hold in real world, brick and mortar payment channels.
Hint: see how big Alipay got in China, now apply this to REQ in burgerland
q1 2018 Just wait for btc drama to settle in.
It will the best gainer among alts.
Multiple B value of REQ is confirmed.
Here we go.
I will sell my house and take a loan tomorrow.
Tomorrow?TODAYAnd join us brother
4340945His ID contains "Fuck 0x" you newfags.
Join?
I am already in the 200-250 top REQ holders.
Little bit addicted to accumuluate more.
FuCK0x
How do you even buy this?
Which exchange?
Same.
I am top 175 but all I want now is top 100.
Gotta get like 750k REQ tokens.
I NEED MOAR BEFORE IT MOONS BBY PLS
this piece of shit will never moon because paypal can buy and always dump it when it try to exceed ICO price so it never grow beyond ico price, this is the wisest thing to do to a competitor, just buy it and crash itmarket cap only $32 million, paypal can easily control the price, paypal can buy all the coins if they wantnot only paypal, in fact even OMG have enough market capital to force REQ to never exceed ICO price, REQ is a competitor of OMG and they don't have to go easy on competitors, just buy REQ and force the price to stay below ICO price
What is demand and supply?
Pajeet missed economy 101 in school
Binance, feel free to use https://www.binance.com/?r ef=10596687 would help me out.Also holding Req since ico... Patiently waiting.
4342405Top 25 holders here... really sad because every day I keep dropping 2-3 spots.
Lots of accumulation going on with the big guys.
But I'm out of available money for REQ :(
how does it feel breh?I feel like i am on the precipice of greatness.
Like this is the next ETH just waiting to moon 20x
There's clearly alot of accumilation going on from what i've seen today.So feeling optimistic, will break out from ico price soon and then shoot up big time in a matter of weeks.