Minimum wage is 306$ a month, dollar is skyrocketing, almost everything is imported, I will always be poor :l
Where do you live?
How old are you?
Nah you can't blame poverty on external factors, it starts with you.
No matter how dire the circumstances are it isn't going to change unless you change and get others to change with you.
brazilian?
lol wtf is this.
How are poor people supposed to change if most of them dont have the education to know there is something in need of change or even how they could change it.
You were either born in a developed country or into a middle class family somewhere else.
I've met so many people with this mindset and they stay poor anyways because they don't have the education or resources to fulfil their goals.
I'd say op is venezuelan but the ezchange rate is fucked op so yeah probably brazilian.
Tough luck cara
do you think giving them more money, would change that?
I hope you starve to death.
Means more money for me.
?
why would that benefit you, in the current state OP would probably sell his kidney or another organ, "to sacrifice himself for his family", He is litterally a sack-of-value walking around.If you one day are in the need for a kidney, then you would be glad that people like OP are around..
No, you fucking retard.
Obviously not.
He's saying that if you give the poor easier, better access to information/education they can make better, well informed decisions and if they have access to these resources, maybe they won't be so fucking poor anymore.
What is so hard to understand about this?
Not all poor people are lazy fucking faggots trying to suck off the system.
Most just don't know how to get a hold of the information they need to succeed.
It's a life long journey.
Start now and maybe when you're 40 you will make a decent wage.
Assuming the world doesn't plunge more into chaos between now and then
No.
But providing them with education, tax breaks, helping them set up savings accounts or similar and easing regulations on new/small businesse may help them much more than that change and improve yourself bullshit.
better access to information/education Are you talking about making the entrance to computer stores or schools, more handicap friendly?
or are you applying a transfer of wealth must take place, where tax-money will be spend on free-education etc.
>dollar is skyrocketing>my bitcoin go up in dollar and even more in local currencyit's all gucci, OP
4463977And what's so wrong about that?
I hope you enjoy living among retards and functional analphbets.
I for one come from a country where during the last 20 years quality education is only obtained in private institutions and I can assure you dealing with poor younger people on the street is a pain in the ass because they lack the formal education for almost everything.
I never had an oppurtonity to invest in or mine bitcoin, I told my cousin about bitcoin 5 years ago he was working for a finance company and he dismissed it saying it was bullshit :/
no im from Turkey
Crypto is just starting, you can still earn a lot of money.
Sound argument