do I panic sell out of BCH to BTCi was riding the waves but we seem to be crashing
Yes, get out of BCH.The business model of BCH was a hostile fork in the hope of causing chain-death to bitcoin.
Their belief was all that glorious bitcoin wealth would flow into BCH.What happened in reality is any wealth that flowed out of bitcoin turned into $US dollars.The big banks, the institutions, the governments interested in crypto put their money in bitcoin only.When the flippening threatened, they sold their BTC for dollars at $7000 and bought back in at $5500... meanwhile, BCH sunk.The key thing is trust.
Big institutions now trust and believe in bitcoin, but only on /biz/ do people "invest" in shitcoins.
yeah I have no faith in BCH long term don't get me wrongwhat i'm asking is if the pump and dump is over or if there's more pump to come
all right panic selling at .1617damn the gains i lost, painful
i screencapped this post anon.
i hope you lurk biz most of the time so on the chance that bch moons once more i can laugh at you
It's not really crashing per se, but has lost a good amount of momentum.
i'm still up over the course of the weekend but I got greedy trying to catch one last dragon
Bcash: It's over for the near future, sell this piece of scammy chinese BTC knock-off shit.
If you really want more, you can always buy back the same amount for less after it continues tanking like we all know it will.Fuck Jihan Wu.
Fuck Roger Ver
sell now and try to recover your losses when it inevitably pumps again, i bought at 2000k and sold at 1900k, missed the megapump and im now watching this like a hawk.
Why would you sell now, it is stable at this price?
Just wait now.
This is called the consolidation phase and is actually the point you want to buy in to cryptos, but since no one here know anything they always buy in at the top of things.
Go to tradingview.com and read some of the top analysts there.
They are all optimistic about bch and it is only on sites like 4chan and Reddit, populated by noobs, where people are worried about bch.
no industry investment, I think it's all downhill from here for BCH
What do you all think of Coinbase freeing BCH holders' coins in January?
KekPretty sure bitpay is going to support it soon
Lots of FUD in this thread.
Moon confirmed.
Their prices are inversely correlated.
BTC just rocketed - flippening cancel
i can see it pumping 24-48 hours before they release it and scare the normies off selling it.
It could cause a major price decline as all the people that don't want it get rid of it immediately.
Certainly a motivation for some to sell with no motivation for anyone to buy.
What do you all think of Coinbase freeing BCH holders' coins in January?It depends.If they allow them to be traded and bought like ETH and LTC then I can see it adding a bit of legitimacy to BCH.
The price may go up.If they just release them.
Then I think the price will drop.
Pretty sure the organizers have already taken their cut.
If you don't want to stare at the screen 24/7 for the rest of the week make sure you have a tight stop-loss and keep your target realistic.
weHAHAHHHAHAHHAHAHA idiot!