I sold my long at 1750, don't see BCH going much higher anytime.
Still bullish af on BTC Thanks for profits Rodger and Jihan
or its about to go up to 1850 to complete the wave...tough call though.
profits are nice.
Larpie Corie spreading FUDieNothing to see here lads, buy, Jihan is going to take us to 0.8 tomorrow.
Reminder that is not even Friday and take a look at the volumes.
Shit hasn't even started yet.
I sold at 45066090012001750Will you be the magician who sold the top?
(no because the top was 2700 and were going back there)
4531689Over 60% of BCH volume is coming from Korea, this ain't a flippening.
Meanwhile, this BTC bounce is shitting all over BCH again
again?lol it was a gook pump and dump last time too you did the right thing
What does any of that matter?
A majority of money has always come from asia, core supporters are brain damaged/stupid money
Someone has to pay us.
We can start a fund to help address their brain damage.
brain damaged idiots that always come out on top?and this is about to be the 4th time it happens.
Bch will never over take bitcoin
this is how you know these threads are all fake, they make them repeatedly.
as bcash now resumes its climb they'll have to make another thread in an hour about selling at 1800
This.
Hey at least they are easy to spot!
fud your mother if you want fud
Why any reasoning?
>brand name>>Bitcoins sabotaged.
If it doesn't happen this week it will be the next, or the next.
It doesn't matter, BCH will continue to give better returns over bitcoin.
You know this too, why else would there be so many core supporters shitting their pants right now?
45318214531790Retards should stop believing in Asian pump and dumps.
Operation dragonslayer?
How fucking retarded are these Koreans lol
Yeah haha you're right... Just sold all my bch thanks!
Kek
This man is right.
All right everyone pack it up 9:30 shift is over.
Market sell if orders pull back.
now you buy BTC and wait for cash to drop back down to 1200going back and forth on them is literally free money
Nice, so tomorrow when BTC is $4000 I can buy back half as many BCH awesome
tomorrowYou said that yesterdayAlso the day before thatIs the the life of a bagholder
$4000hahahaHAHAHAHAHA imagine being this dum
Guys, you do realize the difficulty increase of BTC hasn't even occurred yet?This shit is going way higher.
you do realizeAh hello there and welcome to /biz/.
Don't use words like realize you might upset some of the folks here.
Try using "shill", "faggot" and "nigger" you might find it increase your reader engagement.
You know the increase tomorrow is actually a fall, right?
Difficulty for BTC goes DOWN tomorrow
Bitcoin isn't bullish right now, a dip is coming.Wait one week to get back in for the moon mission.
Miner won't mine btc anymore gg
my reasoning is TA, you dont need to trust me, just look at the historyeven oldfag bliztard is about to set up walls and take his bch profits
Bitcoiners are afraid of shill/FUD campaign number 1 gorillion
If you believe that I'll buy your btc from you right now for $1 each
Halong's DragonMint miner, slushpool about to get a whole lot bigger in a few weeks
nah, I hope he's right.
Less Miners means more profits for me before they all come crying back when their shitcoin crashes.Wont happen though because why would you leave the most profitable coin in history because some shills posted on 4chan
Thanks Mr Ver.
Please throw a bit more into the pump though as I'm not done yet
That's not how it works m8.BTC is designed to increase difficulty, you're just lying to yourself and spewing rubish.You essentially said "coal is becoming scarce and so it is easier to mine."
It's great to finally see how dominate the chinese were in the bitcoin market.
The chinese are finally abandoning btc leaving it toi be nothing but a former shell of what it used to be.
Americans will follow soon.
Or maybe this is just another pump and dump who knows
he doesn't think difficulty can go downYour mum does though
here comes BTC to fuck all you cash boys in the ass.
Halong's DragonMint minerYou mean that scam company.
Still waiting for my blutterfly labs miners
oh, but it will break 2k easily, and I'm betting against bch replacing btc
we'll see if its a scam, i know someone thats ordered.
if it ends up being legit that would be great news, but so far it looks like a copy of the S9 which raises some red flags.
Another flag is in the demonstration vid you can see just see on both side there is no logo.
Also delivery date is in march which give bitmain time to answer back with a better price or better unit.
mining pools have been called to join in the effort, you can deny it all you want fighting is over the future is decided