Im currently a NEET cause I got extremely sick of the construction job I previously had.So with all the freetime I've had I learned some programming and web development (html, css, js) (also had some previous knowledge) and feel that it's something I would like to pursue as a career.But having no diplomas or certificates makes it impossible to get hired.Is it worth paying for those online courses to get a certificate (thinking about EDx etc..) or will employee just look past them?What's my option here?
Advises?live in northern europe btw, if it makes any difference.
Know python well and thinking about getting learning C# as addition to the OP
Also thinking of learning.
focusing on HTML/CSS/Javascript for websites.is this worth it?
If you're a fast learner, then I say go for it.
You're more attractive to employers if you can do both backend and frontend work.
A portfolio of stuff you've made and work experience are more important than diplomas.
they're better than nothing but ultimately you're trying to prove you can do what's on your resume.The hard part is getting past non technical hiring managers who word filter credentials.
who's this halfbreed gookess.
getting pretty sick of seeing her in fucking stock photos
Don't care to work for someone.
Is HTML combo best for self employed?
You don't need certificates if you are a self-taught web developer.
Employers actually laugh at you if you completed one of those shitty online certificates.
They provide no value and have no weight.
Just have an active GitHub account and try to contribute to open source projects if you can.
If not then, just focus on building some websites & personal projects to fill up your resume.
I plan on going this route as well, but learn C# and Swift for iOS programming.
If you want some credentials for your portfolio, leave comtact info
this, degrees and diplomas are thing of the past.
The world is realizing that what you learn in university is mostly bullshit
4409472Data Science and DevOps are two of the hottest areas at the moment.
Both much more financially rewarding than web dev, which has a massively saturated market.This anon is correct.
Learn Python and some of the tools you will need.
There are free materials available.
Get a GitHub profile and start your own projects.
This means more than any online course.