So now that we know Ethereum represents communist Jews who want to eliminate the white race, what should we do?
Buy.
We must make our own infrastructure.
Ethno-coin needs to happen.
Dump everything and put it all into Ethereum
racist can't handle being trolledyou just have to go
Buy.You can't defeat the jew.
They've been custodians, leaders and drivers of white civilization, the most successful civilization for a good chunk of time now and are responsible for that success with minimally harsh treatment of their subjects (goys).
They even go so far as to try to hide their supremacy and rulership so people do not have the psychological discomfort of knowing.WIthout the economic, political and scientific leadership of the jew, some asians would probably have become the first truly global power rather than europe.
I just woke up what the fuck is going on with ETH?
haha if you're not a communist we'll do everything we can to chase you off our "decentralized" platform>haha i was just le pretending
jews didn't do shit until the 20th desu
Not sure what do anon.
The DAO hard fork was when I realised they were bad actors.
Code is law but Vitalik really believes in bailouts
ETC
Good, the White race is cancerous and a detriment to this planet.
Jews contributed fuckall to human history until extremely recently, and even now its primarily because they've hoarded money so effectively.
The great dragon always hordes its gold anon.
Unironicaly this.
Ethereum is your best bet for lifetime passive income once it goes proof of stake
The only people that care are /pol/tard basement dwellers.
Can you stop posting here, you stupid faggots.
Nobody cares about muh white race.
>tfw just want to make gainz so I can get out of wageslaving for the rest of my short shitty life.>tfw Bi-queerian half-breed cyber mutts are going to cause WWIII whether I like it or not.>tfw will probably die in some shithole because some Uber Jew somewhere else found a way to make a shekel off of it.Feels bad man.
how
Once Casper protocol is in, your existing Ether in the wallet will mint new Ether
any wallet?
Technically the way they wrote Casper right now, it will be a staking contract you'd send your Ether too.
Its such an integral part of the protocol that its either gonna be automatic on a checkbox ("I consent to stake my ether"), or a wizard will guide you how to deposit and cash out.
Official wallet should be good, I wouldnt touch Parity at all.
Gavin let it go to shit.
Only if you have 1000 ETH
cicumsizion and baptism
thanks
No, thats what they wanted to make it a few years ago.
Should be ~30 or so.
Even if you dont have 30, there will be joint staking where you get partial income based on the amount you put in.
Not sure if it will be officially run though, or by private staking pools.
4370232Ah, i see.
I have been wrestling with if I should withdraw 5k from my traditional brokerage fund for ETH but I may have missed the opportunity.
This is ur opp u dumb fuck.
No price action for 4 months.
Btc doubled.
And u think u missed ur opp.
This is why you all are hopeless
If only the official wallet were useable.
Good luck syncing that blockchain, friend
Parity downloads the chain quickly because it uses the light client.
Don't use it either way because its a bugged piece of shit and Gavin already lost people's money twice.Open command console, navigate to your geth and do:geth removedb (backup your chaindata folder in User/.../AppData first, just in case)geth --cache 1024Don't bother if you got less than 8GB of RAM, and a SATA 6Gb/s HD, or an SSD + good internet connection.
Let it run for two days without interruption cause on first download (first - since you ran the command to remove old chaindata first) it will just get the headers, not full blocks.
But once you shut it down, and restart - it will start downloading full blocks (slower).
Long story short - you gotta have a dedicated machine for this.
Kek, fpbp
We kill the bourgeoise.
pedos buying in
the worst part about vitalik is that he's cool enough to waste $1k onHe's much healthier than sergov for example

Vitalik's comments are pretty dumb and short sighted.
I thought he was an autistic genius?
buy.
contributed to humanity>Jews have only advanced the field of schemes to enrich fellow jews.No matter how you slice it, Christian morality, superior, as it attempts to bring the best in people (egaletarianism, pursuit of truth and knowledge, equal rights under the law) has advanced humanity forward.
Not Judeic thought (tribalism, laughable morality and intellectual cowardice with every topic, including any opposition to the jewish overmind).
Sure, jewish turds have a nice chunk of change.
But you cannot put a gold watch of a turd and claim is not a turd.
If the world was truly dominated by them, the whole planet would be enslaved, technologically behind (since a jew would never create anything that, god forbid, served humanity and not just jews exclusively, right now).Even jews would be ultimately enslaved (funny they don't realize this).
Why do you think jews flee ISRHELL, of all places?
Top hypocrites like Ethan and Hila klein, Benny Steinmentz and Regina Spektor's parents (jewish infested communist russia) come to mind.
Where jews rule, it quickly devolves into tribalism and tyrany (even for their own people), rightfully so as their shitty barbaric cult evolved into Christianity morality a long time ago (thank you jesus), the actual moral framework that has given us this amazing western world today.
WTF is that ETH cringefest release?
?Old ass tweets pulled out nowFirst impulse would be to GTFO out ouf all ETH hodlings...but panic buying selling always gets you finished in crypto.
There is something behind this.
muh moral frameworkThe jews gave you christian slave morality so you would behave better and not be resentful towards the powerful, yes.Israel is probably one of the most successful states in the history of the earth considering its small population size, its economic, technological and military might and its political influence worldwide.
Hey stupid faggot, that guy has absolutely zero do with eth.
He was just sperging on twitter like a retard.
Go back to /pol/ you dotards are ruining my /biz/ reeeeeeeeee
all in
I went all in on this 6 or 7 months ago, and have doubled what I put in so farWe need an alt right coin.
I'd move over in a second.
hehe white boys btfo
His comments are exactly what you would expect from someone who has genius tier logic, disconnected from any common sense.
Jews gave you Christian slave morality>Jews>Gave Christians anything.Incorrecto, boyo.Jesus, was the 1 in billion jew (some might call this a miracle, maybe he truly was a Messiah?
Crazy right?)
to be brave enough to go against his own flesh and blood, and their respective culture, on principle.
For the good of humanity as a whole.
He was so brave that after seeing what a steaming pile of shit Jewish culture and beliefs were he rebelled against it and literally risked his own life to bring forth his "forbidden" revelations.
He then took what worked from this barbaric turd of a religion and added to it things lacking in Judaism including of course moral and intellectual bravery.If anything, Christianity since its inception has been a torn on Judaism, as it preached on the deficiencies of Judaic thinking and has caused several Holocausts in Jewish history old and recent.Of course Christianity isn't perfect.
The descendants of Christians have not only built the western world but also made many mistakes, including with regards to Jews.
With that said progress is always occurring.
I can personally attest to some interesting changes occurring within Christianity (be it, I live in a pretty hostile community towards (((outsiders))) anyways ).
I will bet anything in the near future these ideas will catch on among Christians.>Israel is greatwhy don't you live there buddy?
I can almost guarantee that if you are jewish, you are typing your little rant from a western country.
It must be hard to admit but again, aside from being a turd with a gold watch (Israel in the middle east and all), a turd is still a turd.
Jewish scheming how to screw their fellow jews over.
Crime syndicates.
And of course a totally laughable "democracy".
Will it implode?
No.
But israel will become what it was destine to become in the hands of Jews: a cushy place for their ultra powerful where not even jews can escape the tyranny of their ruling elite.
Enjoy it
You mean you want to be on the Lite side of history, anon?