Seriously, if you are getting JUSTed and its absolutely killing you and you absolutely have to sell RN, just sell whatever coin you had bad luck with and buy SALT (wait for 45000 - 50000).
It always goes back to 55000 - 60000SAT, sometimes even higher.And two more things to consider1) they are launching their platform in Q4 2017.
2) their platform token price is 25$.
I am not saying this token is going to be 25$ on exchanges but its something to think about.Their road map: https://saltlending.com/#node6
go away.
I have watched salt for a week now and all i see is justing.
I'm still not sold on any of these fucking coins.fuck powrfuck loopringfuck aeronfuck saltall will go to shit if I buy and btc will crash soon and alts will crash with it
This coin is guaranteed to go up to at least $25 not sure why the price isn't going up already in anticipation.
Considering that on an exchange there is the convenience of not having to sign up on salt website to buy I'd expect the price to be about 5% higher than $25 even.
This is the one project where I am more excited about the platform coming out than the (inevitable) gains it will see.
IMHO SALT is one of the best investments you can do right now.
I have 1000
 watches for a weekpatience padawan
44357284435530what in the fuck, where are you shills coming from?
seriously.
they come out every once in a while.
I do believe in the project more long term.
I am not a shill, lol.
I really like this project.
You sound like a typical biztard.
No patience.
Instead looking at the charts looking for your short term moon landing.
Read the freakin white paper.
Look at the fucking team behind this thing.
It is a fucking winner.
Salt is your last ticket to a lambo, dont miss out
now I am jealous.
I am seriously considering selling my bags of GRS at a minimal loss & no profit (7500-8000k) and buy more SALT.I know right.
We are simply bag holders trying the spread the wealth.
This is a loaning platform?
What's the salt for?
I give them my BTC and they give me salt?
No, you get fiat AFAIK.you would be able to pay off your interest (X-amount %) using SALT tokens.
because theres no release date, once theres one, to the moon!
sounds like bitconnect.
sounds scammy
Not at all.
You take out fiat loans using your crypto holdings.
Basically a temporary cash-out without having to buy back in higher as you get all the crypto back when you repay.
The problem is that they only accept BTC for collateral to begin with and BTC is going to flip with BCH in about a week, and if they add BCH then people will still be wary about using their platform because currency-only coins, even as large as these, will not feel stable enough to be safe.If they add ETH at launch instead of later, then the platform might see some good use.
BTC is going to flip with BCH in about a weektop fucking kek
https://www.saltlending.com/wrong
norty is gay lolbuy link