I've lurked this board for over a year, and am finally ready to start da trading crypto.
I'm a poor NEET, but after my uncle died I have inherited $1000 fiat to invest in BCH and ride the wave to the inevitable 6000Which exchange do /biz/raeli's use?
(Is there an FAQ post so I dont have to ask these stupid questions, it makes me anxious)My cousin used Cryptsy and when it turned out to be a scam he lost 2 BTC, so I need something legit.
you literally could not pick a worse time to start doing this than right now
I think BCH will end up switching valuations with BTCBut I might put 50% in shitcoins just to diversify and be safe...if you have any recommendations?I really just need to know what exchange to use - I'm paranoid that I'll end up picking the next MtGox and end up hacked.
bitcoin will stay king, if they wanted to switch to a better alternative coin then there's many other coins that do better than bitcoin cash
why do japanese people sit on the floor
You started with crypto right now, but think BCC will be able flip?
They failed once and will fail a second time too.
Go all in on Bitcoin, its still under 1500 USD.
Bclassic is on its death bed and when all those transactions get confirmed its going to dump hard.
Diversity is good... 60%-40% or 80%-20%..Ask everything that you want, I am a beginner myself and I dont know shit about exchange reputation but from what I have seen with my friends and other people, its not hard to make money with crypto, there is a lot of bullshit here but a lot of good info is shared too, stay tuned, and inform yourself, soon or later a good plan will show up.My advice is to keep check with you anxiety, cryptos are a fucking rollercoaster.. if you buy something to hold it then hold it no matter it goes down, because it will... things here go up and down like crazy.. but if its a solid coin then it will recover it anyway.
Thanks, that's reassuring advice.I still need my question answered though - which exchange does /biz/ recommend?
Something reputable (if this exists) that lets me trade BTC/ETH/BCC and all the shitcoins
which exchange does /biz/ recommend?To be honest it doesn't really matter, just find one that offers it and has reasonable fees without being some 3rd world pajeet shithole site, and you're good to go, after you're done send to wallet and get comfy waiting for gains.
binance
Too poor to buy chairs
Look here kids, this is what happens when you get all your information from biz.. you go all in Bch at ATH
what exchangesAll of them.
But start with Binance bittrex hitbtc.
All those are legit and won't run away with your money at least not anytime soon kek.BCH is a good as bet but don't expect 6000k, maybe 2k out of it.Don't worry jut ask.
HitBTCNah, this exchange is only just above coinexchange and cryptopia.
It's horrible, nothing but shitcoins for people to FOMO into, anonymous devs, plus they recently put on Bitconnect which shows their intentions.
I would not put too much money in HitBTC for too long.
Now is the perfect time to be buying ark.
Thank you.
I see binance have smaller fees than bittrex so I might start with them - looks like they are an app-only exchange?
Put that $1k into ARK and forget about it for a year
Binance is the best exchange.
To actually buy crypto with fiat you'll need to use Coinbase or CEX.io or someplace that sells bitcoin.
i lurked this board for over a year> which exchanges does /biz/ useyou're a brainlet, you're never gonna make it.
and it's too late for the big bucks, stay poor you piece of shit
app-onlyHuh?
No I use the website on desktop.
But high selll low loser