Surgically Enhanced Robotic Rocket Surgeons Edition--Robinhood FAQs --- VISIT THE WEBSITE FIRST DAMMIT!!
- www.robinhood.com> How is it free?Robinhood earns revenue by collecting interest on the cash and securities in Robinhood accounts, much like a bank collects interest on cash deposits and by collecting fees from robinhood gold.> It's been X days, why isn't my account verified yet?Not being approved in 3 days seems to be the new norm.
Nevertheless, call/email their support if you've been waiting more than that.> When is it coming to my country?The only "plans" are on an Australian and Chinese beta.
Neither of which has gained much traction.> I hit sell when the stock was X.XX, but it actually sold at a lower price, why?Robinhood graphs are shit and only show you an average, not true real-time prices.
To get Bid/Ask prices and important things like candlestick graphs, you should use a more robust platform.> Where can I get better charting or bid/ask?Real brokers, like TDAmeritrade's thinkorswim.
Otherwise you should be using tradingview.com, stockcharts.com, finviz.com, or a non-pile-of-shit for your graphing in addition to Robinhood.-- Links --Premarket Movers:http://www.nasdaq.com/extended-trading/premarket-mostactive.aspxEarnings Report Calendar:https://biz.yahoo.com/research/earncal/today.htmlBiopharma Catalyst Calendar:https://biopharmcatalyst.com/Pump and Dump Advertising:https://stocktwits.comS&P 500 VIX Futures (For XIV/UVXY, higher is better for UVXY, lower is better for XIV)https://www.investing.com/indices/us-spx-vix-futuresPrevious thread:  → → →
>TRXC at 3.15
Quick Tax Reform Bill Issues Rundown:https://www.investing.com/news/stock-market-news/stocks--us-futures-point-to-lower-open-on-us-tax-reform-delay-841877'U.S.
Senate Republicans unveiled a plan on Thursday which would reduce the corporate tax rate to 20% from 35% and make other significant changes to the individual tax system.However, investors remain cautious as Senate Republican leaders said that they were considering postponing the implementation of the major corporate tax cut until 2019.Meanwhile, a House tax reform bill, which differs from the Senate version, would be expected to take effect next year.
If the Senate and House pass separate tax bills, lawmakers will have to reconcile them.
'https://www.investing.com/analysis/taxbill-set-back-kills-usds-rally-200263753'The House is widely expected to vote on the tax bill next week but based on Thursday’s headlines, it will meet significant resistance in the Senate.
According to Senators Bill Cassidy and John Thune, the House and Senate are not on the same page.
The Senate plans to keep 7 tax brackets instead of the 4 proposed by the House, and at different levels from what is currently in place.
They also want to delay the corporate tax cut to 2019 and scrap the excise tax on payments offshore'The excise tax is quite an important issue, btw:https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-11-07/multinationals-scurry-to-defuse-house-tax-bill-s-atomic-bomb'House tax writers say the proposed excise tax is aimed at preventing U.S. companies from shifting their earnings offshore to subsidiaries in tax shelters -- and it moved into the spotlight this week amid a series of global investigative reports on corporate tax avoidance.
But tax practitioners say the provision has far larger implications for consumer prices on a range of goods.
'TL;DR - House and Senate plans don't currently agree, and this could lead to issues with tax reform, which is "bad" for this bull market.
Two words Up Vixy
Nah man, learnt my lesson a long time ago, trying to go against the flow of this thing just isn't worth the risk.
When do you think the market correction will be?What percent of your money is in the market and what amount?What's your age?
Occupation (Employeed/Student/NEET)?
What's your plan to prepare for the market correction?What's your plan once it starts?What's your plan once you feel it reaches bottom?
4282428I would argue it's just going with the downward flow, but if we're not going to do the high risk UVXY play, I mean what other choices do we have?
Gold, Oil?
I mean oil looks like it's pulling back from its big spike earlier in the week.
Today is probably going to be profit takers and sell offs, I'm perfectly fine just holding this TRXC and not trading a whole lot, but a small position in UVXY is usually profitable on red days.
Yes
Here's what the perm-bulls will say, should the market drop due to tax reform delays:"MUHHHH ECONOMIC GROWTH, MUH EARNINGS, MUH SYNCHRONIZED GLOBAL GROWTH - BUY - BUY- BUY"So yeah, I'm not gonna advise any sort of play against the market.
>Sell EGO>Immediately jumps 10 centsAHHHHHHHHHHHH!
When do you think the market correction will be?Right after the ATH is no longer approaching a new ATH.What percent of your money is in the market and what amount?I don't fucking know man, that's my accountants job.What's your age?Over9000 Occupation (Employeed/Student/NEET)?
In the business of doing business regarding this and that.What's your plan to prepare for the market correction?UVXY mah niggaWhat's your plan once it starts?UVXY mah niggaWhat's your plan once you feel it reaches bottom?Either Rope, Lambo, or brush the dirt off and buy the dip.
Same
Any TRXC memers lurking?
Sell right away at open, or hold?
uuhhhhhhhhhhhhduuuuuurrrrrrrrrdoyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyuruhuhuhuh
I sold yesterday.
Apparently a bad call.
"TRXC is a pump and dump meme" the dumb faggot insisted, holding back his tears as he watched the rocket take off.
That fucking guy that managed to buy some at $2.40 after hours.
Rockets yesKTOS yes
;)
;_; it just dropped 5¢ a share
No one bully XIV today!!!!
if anyone is signing up, use my reference please>still no one has used it :(http://share.robinhood.com/andrewf593
You're XIV waifu is shit
Fuck off David!
It's probably going to be a bit bumpy.
Some will quickly take whatever profit they can get.
Should be a green day overall though.
Strong hold, lads.Also: everyone put an unrealistically high sell order on your shares to protect them from shorters.
What's unrealistic?
I thought this was going to $10 today so $10.50?
371,484 ,000 negative retained earnings
Bought trxc instead of more Nak.
Are you even a naketeer?
DRYS a meme that will never take off?
Im liking these new wojaks
yes, sell
4283037share.robinhood.com/davidt917Use my referral link for free apple stock
Same
APOLOGIZE
Fuck you, I'm the one true Davidhttp://share.robinhood.com/davida282
JCP on the run
Oh sweetie
I'm not even a David, that's how David I am https://share.robinhood.com/austinv122
42832494283017All of those choices
fuck fuck fuck TRXC falling like a rock
its going up bro.
just watch this rocket at open.
Last name is alphabetically ahead and my 3 digit number are lower.
The alpha David has arrived to bring you all FB and Apple shares if you use my link.http://share.robinhood.com/davida282
For real though, MRNS for easy money.
wooo 2/7 stocks green todayFUCK CNBC AND THEIR FUD YESTERDAY
I'm ALL green, but the day is young.
UVXY play today boys what am I in for>inb4 goodbye gains
ABORT MISSION THE ROCKET IS FALLING
TRXC WHAT ARE YOU DOING AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Amd plz crash now
I own four shares of BABA.
Think these will be good to hold through the new year?
They don't benefit like US companies do from Christmas and so forth, right?
Turns out they got Pajeet to program the robots steering the rocket to save costs, which is why they have the 100 million still in the bank, but this caused a fucking malfunction.
If you've got an ejection seat, I would use it.
MUH LAMBO
link
Dump TRXC??
I...I don't know.
S-should I buy it back???
>hwkn
Guys this happened last time they rocketed.
People are gonna sell off and take their profits and the price will slowly climb down for a few days.
Buy back in once the dust settles.
I have no idea nigga, I'm confused too.
Also tbqhwy I'm not good enough at this to have any business advising you anyway.
I had iron hands but not iron will.RIP gains
If you like money, get in XXII.
Goldman Sachs just picked up 400k shares, why don't you?
What's your endgame anon?
Because it's 2017 and that's a tobacco company
GBR gunna steady climb to $4 buy a few
Also a dude weed lmao company, so it still has potential.
Ugh, when is INTC going to stop dropping?
Just looked them up.
news is actually pretty good.
Just went all in, unironically
hey guys this stock is going to climb to a high it only reaches every 2 1/2 years, trust me
uniroincally just bought 1500 shares
I would anon but I'm broke from trxc
Pretty interesting for a tobacco company tbqh.
I bet they skyrocket next time dems are in charge.
doesn't understand how oil and gas stocks correlate with oil and gas futures
I'm new to investing and rather than ask if a company is a good buy, I shill it and wait for someone to tell me why it's bad.
XXII actually seems like a good investment in the long term.
I just want to help y'all make money if I can
If drumpf passes this there will no doubt be a spike
I definitely think it's one to watch but I don't think it'll be on any meme missions any time soon.
Sell me on this shit stock
Goldman Sachs just picked up 400k shares, why don't you?With jews, you win.
>CREG
What it means volume lower than average volume?
Not fully in his control what happens at this point.To be clear, I'm betting on continued upward movement, because there's my opinions, and then there's the reality of the market.
But I dislike over-optimism, as over-exuberance brings its own dangers.
I don't hate/like Trump either, but I think it's a shame he's associated himself so much with the up's of the stock market.
Should that trend change, it'll just be human nature to point the finger at him, which could lead to further unnecessary hassles.
It's a company that produces "modified risk" tobacco, has a diverse portfolio, and already has the favor of the FDA who want to regulate nicotine.
Just think about the changing attitude towards smoking in your lifetime, anon.
Larger tobacco firms will want to get in bed with them as they have a unique patent to a process that can reduce nicotine by 95% without affecting flavor like other methods, if they want to stay competitive in the changing market.
Yep, if the bill stalls (which it probably will knowing Congress) expect a dip across the board
Anyone still holding TRXC?
Should I just exit at 3 and try to buy back in during eventual dip?
If it gets to 3
near ATH>earnings slightly shittier each quarter>_, chinese, recycling := kek, fuck, thatshorting is the only reasonable thing to do with that I think
the market is somewhere else for the day..
Your sell short order cannot be processed.
We are unable to borrow the shares at this time.damnit, everyone else beat me to it
Who else here sucks at predicting when to sell off a day trade... 5% like a scrub on CREG
I know right!
What ever I picked up some BTSC, this stupid penny stock is on a dip, I'll see what it does in the coming weeks.
Also grabbed my UVXY and that fucking GBR meme, going to play patient for a while.
Is anyone still holding out hope for a TRXC launch or...?
M8 pajeet Fucked it all up there is no going to the moon we all lose.
Should've sold at $3+
its kill.
I bought options that are now worthless.
Is there a discord for this I can lurk?
Hold me senpai
Anyone know if IMUC is releasing any trial results with earnings?
Yep same.
Leveraged it too hard/didn't sell at open.
In retrospect, the Greeks (and other assorted losses of about $700 prior to, which the Greeks briefly returned and then snatched back) taught me a valuable lesson about diversification and going long.
From now on I am longing.
Gonna build back this shit one good day at a time.
Not pictured, my XXII shares, more speculative.I've learned my lesson, Mummy.
what are you talking about?
Hey /rgt/ it's newfagHow do you handle taxes?
What percent of the profit off swing trades is taxed?I'm not taxed on long term holds over a year long, correct?
Do I need to include those in taxes?
UVXY is recovering some of the losses from that brutal start I had.
You know what that means?
People are going to start posting wojacks any minute.
k, put in an order to short 400 shares of GE at $20.30, gonna hold through Monday and see what happens after they announce the dividend cut
I'm not taxed on long term holds over a year long, correct?you will still get taxed just not as much
I've learned my lesson, Mummyafter she took away your balls?
The fucking Greek shippers took my money.
Mostly $DCIX
FUCK YAHOO CHARTS.
FUCKING ASSHOLES CANT DO ANYTHING RIGHT
I'm assuming he's talking about TOPS, DRYS, DCIX...
Holds under 1yr are short term capital gains and are taxed at the same rate as your income bracket.Holds over 1yr are long term capital gains and are taxed at a lower, fixed rate.
>bac back in the redGood, I didn't get my cheap warrants yet.
The Bogdanoff twins were supposed to get it under a dollar for me.
Hahhaahhaha guys TRXC is tanking no big deal
Gimme a quick rundown on bac.b
See you boys at $1
They give you the option of buying BAC at $30.something next October, so every little bit BAC goes over that limit is a gain.
That's not where the real money is, though.
Trading the warrant before then will give you much better gains, or a hell of a loss if it looks like BAC isn't reaching that goal.
Robincucks can no longer buy warrants, though.
They don't want you to get confused and think its a common stock on sale.
What did all sell your TRXC at guys?.98 here
OwO what dis
.15
InterestingSo it's basically an option traded as a stock
.93
Basically.
.85, bought at 2.60 so wasn't a huge win for me but hey it was green.
100 shares
Yesterday at $2.85Comfy gains
Fucking $2.79
LODE just made me shit myself i thought it was legit up 600% because yahoo finance is trash
Daddy help
U got memed.
Baaad
I fell for the memes.
You guys take my money
not enough memes, buy $drysHow do you get to view the P/L only instead of total holdings?
What price did you buy TRXC at?
I feel like everyone pretty much had a consensus yesterday about selling before end of day.
Shit guys, bad news.
I'm retarded.
I got out out at a couple cents profit.
LUCKY ME.
What the actual fuck... it's at .68
Still bag holding
yea a 5:1 reverse split will do that
WEWEW
the ceo and majority shareholder of link is also the ceo and majority shareholder of qbak.
Not even trying to beat you up, but, there were like four different people saying clearly they were selling before end of day yesterday and that it was classic pump and dump.
Where you just not here or where you thinking that it could go even higher?The good news is that over time it probably will go back up.
This stock does have potential for longs.
It's a meme stock but it isn't as big of a meme as LODE or something.
I mean there is a real product there.
It's a robot that doesn't do as good of a job as humans, but, hey...
But those holding didn't actually gain 500%...r-right?
I can't tell when people are shilling or being generous.
I learned the hard way.
Good news is I'm still up.
I just thought it was a ticket to lambo land so I could pick up some hot chick in it and give her the old pump and dump if you know what I'm saying.
Correct.
If you didn't have a multiple of 5, you actually lost money.
ok, I sold that shit yesterday.
Historically reverse splits don't do well from what I read
OSTK boys, blasting off again.
$100 by eoy guaranteed.
When do we buy back into TRXC?I don’t understand why it dipped or why it spiked to begin with.
I don’t understand why it dipped or why it spiked to begin with.That's just how the stock market works.
It just goes up and down, no one even knows why.
when they come up with something that will turn a profit
Gold just got hammered.
no one even knows why.I know why.
The jews.
maybe in the short term, in the long term share prices are very highly correlated to earnings growth
fuck, has anyone been risding the $DUST train?
Why would long term matter?
JUST train here
NAK IS GOING TO FUCKING MOON NEXT WEEK, EPA APPROVAL IS NOW A NON-ISSUE
im in ego and chkr.....Sideways movement forever.
We've known this since May.
We're looking at actually getting permits and partnership.
They can still decline the permit application though, and the partners can still say fuck you.
Should I go long equal weighted positions in MRK (for dividend and stability) and CELG (growth)?
Both have been beaten down lately.
Asking for a friend.
if NAK is so great why isn't it trading at $100/share?
What does /rgt/ think about ANET?
Most of the talk here revolves around meme penny stocks but I know there must be plenty of you who play the long game too.
anyone watching PSDV?
Chkr kek what the actual fuck are these graphs
Glad you are still up.
Yeah it can be hard to tell, but, if you aren't sure just ask the person some questions why.
You'll tell if they are serious or not by that pretty well.
Then do some homework and see if you agree.
>tfw you got 7k NAK @ 1.81
Wait for the dust to settle.
Look at it's history.
You'll see the pumps and dumps.
The lows will be long, plenty of time to buy back in.
I'm in at 1.25. comfy
I feel like it's a fight to get any price.
I keep adjusting and it almost touches it and blasts off, or it almost touches it, and then plummets once it finally reaches it.It's like everything is against me.
LODE was like .002 cents away from my buy, and then just went up 6 cents instead.
I'm going to wait till it's higher to buy.
Nah I’m in it for the memes.
I hopped back in at $2.82.
Hopefully it goes back up to 3 today
Where's that Hertz nigger from yesterday?
Good thing I didn't buy.
are you going to short it?
not using the long renowned /biz/ strat of buying high and selling low
He almost fucked up my nofap too, that asshole.
there is literally nothing wrong with buying high and selling low
Time to rebuy AMD?????
That's the meme I shilled.
I want to go long, but I ended up getting in on the BTSC dip today because I saw that I missed the boadt on that one.
Should be able to swing/pattern trade it later, but today I'm just going in and out of UVXY.
i figured you were fucking meme'ing, I kek'd
Exactly, you are simply providing others with an opportunity to make money.
Isn't that what the democrats always preach about?
>CVMSUBARASHI
What happens if you make lots of day trades passed the limit?
low volume
you are stripped of the ability to make lots of daytrades past the limit
It's always low volume you cuck.
This is a 4:1 risk investment, very little to lose and shit ton to gain.
When did CVM start being a good company?
Clearly I am missing something.
You either have 25k or you're not going to be day trading for a few months.
If they win the 50mil minimum from their arbitration that will quadruple their market cap in a day.
I have very skeptical hopes for multikine in terms of its efficacy but CVM seems so confident that it will make it to market that they've already built the plant that will manufacture the drug.
Like I said, worst case scenario you lose a couple hundred bucks.
Best case?
If multikine finishes its P3 trial and makes it market?This shit takes off to my target of 27$But as always, invest at your own discretion.
(It's also good for swing trading low volume pumps such as the one happening today)
im buying $SNAP as a hedge against U.S. financial collapse
I did the other day.
Pretty sure it's even lower now.
But, yeah I think it will go back to 12
I'm buying guns and cheap vodka as a hedge against the US financial collapse.
US economy collapses>people become fearful for their wellbeing>begin embracing hedonism to cope with the fear of losing their quality of life>turn to the most effective medium for sending and receiving nudes>Snapchat value skyrocketsVery, very intelligent strategy
Market will crash when Trumps tax plan gets rejected.
I'm buying WEED as a hedge against caring about the US financial system collapse..
SNAP hedgeThat's cute.
Yeah, that's going to be a bad market day.
TWMJF ain't no shit, I bet it'll go even high come summer 2018
Even if it passes it the market will probably take a hit because it's not what was promised.
Also agree there.
Or the story will be "it was priced in".
great move
>$17 by EOY they said!!
$17 by EOY!I'm so fucking sick of this bullshit.
It can't even hit $14.90 for one god damn second so I can at least break even.
THATS ALL I FUCKING ASK FOR.
I don;t even care if it reaches $17 I just want my fucking money back at this point.
god fucking dammit I swear I'm never buyin an AMD product ever again if I end up going into the new year with these bags still.
What are some good meme stocks in the .1 to.14 cent range?
We used to have DCTH, SPI, and LODE.
Now I don't know what to do with my life
literally the virgin bagholderWhy don't you just cut your losses and make up the loss by putting your money in something that's actually going up?
its a shame we cant trade warrants anymoreActually, Do you think Robinhood would listen if all of us complained about their anti warrant moves?
Pretty salty i missed out on buying ROKU at <$20
I already emailed them and they said no.
CHFS at all time low
All 3 of you?
Sure, they'll jump right on it.If they allow you to trade warrants, their software must also handle exercising the warrants.
I'm guessing they can't do that yet.
neets trading on some 5th tier trading platform can't lose all their money trading super leverage products they don't understand......
same.
I thought about it at the IPO but I thought it was overvalued
That would be a very shitty guess
I'll buy when it gets below $1.
WE ARE THE PANDORA MARINES
just for you anon ;)
noice
Is there a button on your shitty rh app that says "exercise warrant"?
QBAK doing a thing
daily reminder
Lol same here but add TRXC too
4285681saved.have anymore?
looks like its getting ready to spike
I made this one the other day too
If that was the problem, don't you think they would have never had them available in the first place, rather than having them and then taking them away?
Plus it's not like it's hard to add a fucking button
you're all caught up!
"kek
Do a DCTH one where it takes everything you own.
It's so easy to trade.
It might be easy to add a button, but it is not nearly so easy to write the code behind the button to exercise a warrant.
Does it make more sense that they would tell you their shitty app can't handle the transaction, or that they are "protecting" you?
This is why they don't currently allow you to trade options.
Their software isn't ready to handle writing/exercising the options.
It's not that big of a mystery.
Why was the software ready before, but not ready now?
Sounds like quite the mystery to me.
Anyone here scalping RELY?
looks like the next resistance is $11.00, easy 10%, I think I'll buy some when it lul's again.
It's a good find.
Why are you all buying shitstocks and chasing pumps?I literally just made thousands of dollars buying a 6% dividend/yield stock (at&t) and I'm up over 6% since I bought in.Solid company on a solid dip, ahead of a solid big acquisition, great dividend...I don't even need to trade this shit to make bank.Fucking biz idiots, you're all the same, be it cryptofreaks or stockheads.
All P&D shit.
Who the fuck says it was ready before?
Allowing you to purchase them in the first place was a mistake on their part.
Shutting it down was the solution.
jesus whats that about?
Shutting it down was the solution.
Hello?
We used to be able to trade warrants on Robinhood but they removed it to prevent us from getting """confused."""
Apparently their customer base cant tell the diffrence between buying BAC and BAC.B
RAD will spike again in two weeks.
It's on the downward move but every 14 or 15 days she jumps.
mentions this just now
Truly, it is a real industry.
whoops we accidentally added warrants and just now realized 4 years after the factyeah sure bud
Trading a warrant is not the same as exercising a warrant.
Maybe they really did do you a favor.
You obviously don't understand the instrument you are trading.
They didn't add them.
They neglected to exclude them.
Also why do you guys even use robinhood?Unless you're buying literally 1stock and falling for the overdiversifying meme you're retarded.Is paying a 0.125% fee for a decent sized trade such a big deal for an ask/buy?Just putting your limit order a couple cents below market on actual resistance levels would net you that fee back you baboons.
Nothing in that post implied that trading a warrant was the same as exercising a warrant.
most people using robinhood to trade are complete noob retards they did them a favornobody serious would use some shit platform like that to trade warrants
Bitches love bag holders.
And realized it 4 years latersure bud sure
I'm holding 100 shares I bought at $8.50....
I'm thinking about averaging down soon.
Because I have a networth of 400 dollars fuckwit
Why are you investing in stocks then?Cool you can make, on a very good year, what, a few hundred?Fuck off and work more hours at your slave job or even buy some crypto shitcoins.Stocks are not worth even looking at unless you have 3-5k minimum to invest in it, really 10-20k+
Obviously you are doing something wrong
Is PRTS worth buying, familia?
And realized it 4 years laterShit happens.
It’s good for tinkering around.
Most my money in the market is in index funds
Kek.
4286108I have no money other than what my mummy and daddy give me and I'd rather make my mistakes early and learn in a low capital, low risk environment.Buying high and selling low hurts a lot more when you get into the 5 figure range
pls respond
after you lose enough.
you go numb and it doesn't hurt when you lose anymore.
bearish
Those are pretty solid websites they own though, yeah?
I think this is a good mindset to have, anon.
Very wise to think of it that way.I don't have much money in Robinhood, either.
Most of my investments are in retirement accounts (and my businesses).
Robinhood is my "let's have some fun" platform.
I add a small amount every month and see where it takes me.
So I think in that regard it's very useful.
There aren't really any drawbacks for me.
take your time and don't get over confident if you string together a couple of winners always be aware of what you are risking
index fundsI seriously hope you are working a full-time job as index funds are garbage if you have the time to research and buy the dips.Investing is simple, buy low sell high.How it works is you scream and create bags of salt every oppertunity you miss.Say I didn't get in At&t on the $32.50~ dipOkayThen fuck that piece of shit I will not buy it since it's above $34~ now.
If it drops again below $33, sure, otherwise no.Just be strict with buying dips and you literally cannot lose.The same applies in crypto.
Idiots are chasing the BCH pump right now, in reality they should be in USD waiting for coins with a solid base like omisego to hit low 7's or preferably 6's and then accumulate the fuck out of it.But they're fucking idiots so they just chase the pump, some make money, tons get burned.For example as well right now I refuse to buy amazon.It's too late, it's too high, it's not dipped.
Same applies with Apple, despite it being strongish right now.I"m eyeballing Verizon right now as it's dipping and could very well high a near a near 1week low on it's sideways trading pattern.
Basically the at&t thing all over again, 6% dividend yield, massive dip buy low P/E, company that is required for civilization to continue functioning currently, it's not a "risk" it's a "taking money from idiots who chase the pump that obviously will come.
"You'll never learn by risking $100 and making or losing maybe $5.You need actual risk on the table to make it a thing and grow your tolerance and confidence.
/o/ uses rockauto
what resources would you recommend using to finding viable stocks to invest in?
Most of my investments are in retirement accountsHonestly I can't understand this memeWhy am I going to lock my money up in a 30-40+ year long bond that has a high interest rate?That's essentially what it is.I'd prefer liquid money; if I make $1million I don't need an IRA whatsoever, so why avoid taxes through one only to have me get to 65 and not need it if the IRA survives that long.Unless you're mr poverty walmart cashier, which you aren't, I don't see the point.You'll have rampant money, enough to make $100k+/year off dividends alone way before retirement age if you're even somewhat competent.>There aren't really any drawbacks for me.If it's just play-money yeah, but most people in these threads seem to be trying to make money or lots of money and robinhood isn't really "your guy" for that imoIt's fine for DCAing small amounts but trading wise it's silly imo
But what if you want more risk?
You're right about low risk trades not being worth the time in a low capital environment.
I spent way too much time this week sweating over what amounts to a max gain of $20.I'll take what you said to heart, especially regarding the crypto market.
Find strong contenders with fundamentals and buy the fucking dip.
Maybe not omisego and Verizon, but definitely mid-to-long term growth contenders.
It's hard not to chase highs and fetishize pump and dumps, but this is my life I'm talking about.
Have a little respect.
Thanks, anon.
Lol >buys amd at highest it's been in months>complains when it didn't go up furtherLol get memed kid, you need to research more before you buy >
Is now a good time to buy REITS?
Mostly look up companies I come across or know of and check in on those that are solid every one in awhile for a massive dip or a minor one if it's a strong stock that's not horrendously overvalued (baba, visa, nvda) more often.To find new things I use charles schawb scanner with lots of specific criteria depending on what/why I am looking for.The only reason to take more risk than that (which is virtually none) is to go into crypto/forex, leverage yourself, or to chase pumps in shitstocks (like that ship company the other day).Risk-reward wise it's sort of silly though.
Patience pays off more than trying to play the market.
If you literally hold USD or gold/silver till stocks crash and burn again (thanks capitalism for the bubbles) and buy the dip you'll make more than probably anyone here who's daytrading in the same time-frame.Just think back to 2008 and you buying banks which obviously couldn't collapse without thrashing the government into the gutter, and thus they are required for this economy and thus they'd be bailed out and regain strength as people need them.On pretty much any of those investments you'd have made 10x gains by now just buying the dip, which outperforms any index fund and most traders by over 2x.Same thing applies to any market.Right now in crypto I'm in USD, waiting for the dip.
Why?
I poured tens of thousands in when everyone was hyping BTC and made 40-100% gains when alts inevitably pumped.
Dumped those bags and now I'm comfy again and while /biz/ flips their shit I'm chilling waiting for my entry again.
Thank you for that picture.
>hold until Christmas
Alright boys what's the spicy meme for the weekend hold?
No, real estate seems inflated as fuck desu
AMRS.
ER on tuesday
Yeah Verizon/At&t is just me building up a little dividend things that I can forget that I even have, really I treat such things as my cash deposit as I can liquidate them anytime and have them in my bank account for guaranteed profits (essentially) in a moment due to banking with my broker for those stocks.Omisego I went heavy on the dip as institutionals/traders/everybody historically said to buy up to $6, such as those palm beech lads.That means it's unlikely to drop below that, plus everybody was bagholding, etc, so it was bound to pump.
While I think it could be huge and 10-30x in many years I dumped the bags as it was likely to drop.Already dropped back down to $7 when I sold at $8.25~FeelsgoodmanIt's painful when you miss something, but it's also relaxing knowing your risk is virtually zero and it's just a matter of time before a dip comes for you to load in on.Real-estate short of you actually going to find some in some obscure place like thailand is horrid.All western countries short of hyper-rich abusive countries like Monaco are horrible investments and that's what REIT's usually are involved in.
Unless it's heavily specialized and transparent (and you understand what they're saying) don't buy any.
I've been holding.
What about american mREITs?
What's your target price for Verizon?
I have some $CBGThey seem pretty solid, and they've been steadily climbing.
I don't see a reason for them to stop.
I think the only across-the-board bad REITs are the ones that focus on retail space.
They have some retail space, but they also own a lot of industrial and commercial properties, which is appealing.The thing that appeals most about real estate to me is its ability to constantly make money.
Cash flow is never a problem, and there's a certain liberty that comes with that.
As long as it's run competently, it will be beneficial for all!
>IBM in charge of A.I
Send help
4286655If there's a Canadian REIT that's general and non-specific (such as one that holds large land or houses in the country) short the ever living fuck out of it.It may take a year or two, but Canada's real estate situation is way worse than the US's in 2007.
It's absolutely absurd; it's worse than any real estate problem ever.America it depends but generally REIT's hold property in larger cities or metropolitan areas, which in America most of it is overvalued there.It's not something I'd short though as there's no signs of people potentially defaulting like crazy or any major hiccups in the economy quite yet.It'll collapse probably when student debt starts messing things up, in which case shorting car-manufacturers and REIT's would probably be free money.If it's residential and focus in a non-core state such as Oklahoma, Minnesota, Oregon, Alaska, etc, it'll probably be safer however it's returns will be less as prices aren't inflating like crazy in those.
If they're in California or Texas (as that likely indicates Houston) primarily they could go up quite a bit but they'll pop hard eventually..15 -> 43.68 depending on how much you'd want to get in imo42.28 if you don't want verizon at all and you just have extra cash for an "in case" hit I'll buy at 43.34 most likely depending on if there's any news or strange things happening with other telecommunications companies.
Told y'all.
MRNS EZ PZ $
Just got out of crypto BARELY without losing anything...made $200 thats it....going to move to stocks now, fuck this crypto shit, gives me too much worry and anxiety.
I knew this was gonna happen.
How do I invest in index stocks?
A friend of mine said thats the best route when you have a small amount of money ($15k to invest).
Can I do it on robinhood, if not, where?
And what are some index stocks you guys would recommend?
He's learning to buy high and sell low!
ONE OF US!ONE OF US!
If you have k do robinhoodIf you have more sign up to schwab and collect a free $100 and just use their service so you have a bid/ask and can place limit orders (robin is market only).If you want high returns as in -20%/month go directly back to crypto as you'll lose even more money here trying to get that.If you are okay with about 40-80%/year or less then you should be fine.What range do you have or will you be investing and what type of returns do you want, how consistently, etc?
How is LODE doing?
I head it went up about 7x in value.
Did you guys make lots of money?
can place limit orders (robin is market only).You can place limit orders on RH.
I have $15k to invest.Honestly, I would do crypto but its so volatile and you have to watch it so much that its a bother, too much anxiety.
I'd rather just put money into an index fund and get comfy as I watch it go up.
Thats what a good friend of mine suggested, he knows stocks and shit good.
So how do I invest in index funds?
Are they stocks or do I have to go to an investment company to invest in those?
just buy SPY it's like buying all the S&P 500
Open a Vanguard account and put your money in one of their retirement funds.
Is that like a 401k where I can't access it until I actually retire?
>sold BABA at the fucking bottom yesterday because I thought it was gonna keep falling>bought some random shit stock that looked like it was about to re-enter an uptrend and make a few %>forgot to set a stop loss>overslept>woke up to -11% Never ever ever use leverage without a stop loss
Anybody else get cucked by AMD?
Are they gonna recover?
all time high time to buy!
Anybody's thoughts on sprint?
Is now a good time to buy especially after the mobile fiasco
I bought some GBR, BTSC, GAHC, USTC, today.
Bitcoin dipped, buy the shit coin meme pinksheets.
Depends on the type of account you open.
If you open a Traditional / Roth IRA retirement account, then yea.
Technically you can access it, just that you'll receive a penalty if you do end up withdrawing from it.If you open a general investing account, you don't have to deal with that penalty, but you don't receive any of the tax benefits that retirement account would offer.
if its not at the all time high, its on its way down :)
I made good money on AMD during the past week or so.
Bought back in yesterday at 11.08 too.
We'll see how that plays out.
WOAH WOAH WOAH the cryptoshit market cap dropped 2.5% percentage points!
OMG OMG OMG TIME TO BUY THE DIP!!!!
uruhuruhuhururr doyyyyyy
is recovery?
i do not like this cat
crypto you don't have to watch mateJust buy dipsAs in ONLY buy dips>So how do I invest in index funds?
imo those are a meme, you don't want to hold many things in an index fund typically.
For example you don't want to hold Ford motors if a recession hits.
But holding something like Verizon would be fine as people likely won't cut their phone bill or not much while they will stop buying new cars.Just buy big stocks that are good, some with dividends that are decent (4-6%) some with no dividend but are rising quickly (baba/nvda)You shouldn't do crypto unless you're extremely dedicated or versed in fundamentals...that is unless you're okay with gambling.
I use stocks as my bank account essentially, short of having $1-2k actual liquid cash, then crypto for capital gains, but that's because I have extremely high standards.I won't accept turning my $30k into $50k by next October.
It needs to be $200k.If you don't have such standards and just want your 15k to become 25k while you continue working your job and accumulating more money to put in, that's fine.
Trading is my job though, so I cannot accept an index fund or even just stocks, part because I need something to do with my time, part because I'm a fucking lunatic who genuinely is deluded into thinking he's always right as I am literally always right.I bought your baba yesterday desu senpai, just a little.What price did you sell at?
182.28 hereShit P/EShit dividendShit marketshareDo you even residential connection m8?I mean TA wise it's not horrendous but I don't like itJust buy verizon in a few days mate
intrexons ceo just lost a majority of his net worth.
The pinksheet shit dropped like 20% though.
Fuck it.
I'll hold a week or two and sell it for like a 40% gain.
BTC is easy.
just never sell.
buy high and idiots keeping buying higher next week.
so whats the markets fucking problem for the past two days
tax reform delays
opened up a 192.5 nov 24 nflx call today.
lets seeee how it goes.
closed out my amzn/spy calls yesterday for a $600 gain.
it was up maybe 5% today from where it was yesterday, then the rest of the time today it was lower.
So if you bought it monday, and you sold yesterday or today, you would make 15%-20% respectively.
reverse splits decrease your shares, but allow you to gain X times free shares if you buy an uneven amount, so lode was a 1-5 split, and it was 70 cents at it's highest, so the maximum amount of free money would be 70 cents.
woops wrong screenshot
Scratch that, 70 cents minus the cost of the share you bought to get the uneven amount in the first place.
should I get some Nak today?
I remember hearing that something big was happening the 11th
Anyone got anything in the $10 range I can sit on and be comfy with?
I rode BAC from $25 to $28 and want something not pharma to be stable with.
Give me comfy gains.
i went all in on this crap.
it's down 0.5% while robo is up 1%
F.BGFV if you're up for more risk
Any holds for the weekend?
I don't want anything insanely risky.
NAK scares me.
Thoughts on TSM?
It's consistently growing
Any stock that'll spike big when I wake up monday?
BGFV isn't risky imo.
it has ALOT of upside
4288153My AI has kicked the shit out of watson during this time period.
you wrote one?
how long did it take to write?
I've been trading for three weeks and I kicked the shit out of Watson using meme stocks.
I lost $355 today, but yesterdays fucking +19% was alright.
Bittersweet end to an otherwise fucking great week.
Finally got ahead of that 25k so I can play with the big Jews now goyim.
Why is 25k a magical number?
So you can pay 6.95 per trade?
On a serious note, what happens if you lose 1k and it's 24k once the money is in there, do you have to keep it above 25k at all times?
start day trading>lose a bit of money>get marked as a pattern day trader>can't make money back
We /newthread/ now?
This is a good question.
I had wondered too, but I'm nowhere close to that much money so I never bothered asking.
Gonna park my shekels in VMIN for the weekend.
42886984288698new thread
4288602Oh that already happend for like 20 minutes on Tuesday.
Yeah you get marked and can't buy shit, you have to wait for it to go up or put more up out of pocket.
I didn't say it was hard.I spent 10 years thinking about it.
I spent about two months writing the core system.