What went wrong?
It's getting dumped.
There hasn't been any news one way or another so it's pretty much just whales playing around trying to catch people with pumps and then dumping on them.
We've seen it range from 7 to 8 for like a month now.
any news soon?
I want this to go above 8 again so i can get rid of my bags
skateboard
>hey omisebros
Useless project trying to do everything instead of doing a few things right / get to market.
Might as well hold real stocks if you're going to wait on this to produce returns.
Vitalik said he's selling his OmiseGO and Kyber bags for future projects or donations
I feel like this is as close to a blue chip altcoin as you can get.
No other coin has as much potential to go to triple digits.
This is pretty much following the exact same path as ETH.
I don't really give a shit about convincing brainlets to buy a guaranteed winner.
Just going to laugh when people sell this early lol.
it's yet another episode of shitty ICO scam
did some people not complain about OMG not sharing enough info?
I am still holding in any case !!!!
There hasn't been any more stickers on skateboards one way or another so it's pretty much just whales playing around trying to catch people with pumps and then dumping on them.
We've seen it range from 7 to 8 for like a month now.Fixed.Reminder that YCombinator's extreme aggression will never be as cool to brainlets as a skateboard with some stickers on it.They don't even have the mental fortitude to bother finding out what YCombinator is in the first place.
They know skateboards though.
And stickers.
Stickers of great implied partnerships.
Remember when Omisego was sucked off by McDonald's and now every single OmiseGO coin = 1% share of McDonald's?Remember when Apple agreed to bundle OmiseGo with every apple product and communicated this through a sticker on the bottom of a skateboard?This is how the average crypto investor "thinks".
This is why OmiseGo has more than half a bill marketcap.Omisego actually has some super valuable partnerships that make them worth quite a bit, but they're barely shilling them and no one even pays attention to them it's hilarious.
Floating on skateboard memes instead.OmiseGo is more priced in than most promising projects.
There are platforms that are launching in 1h of 2018 that have less than 100th of OmiseGo's marketcap with at least 50% realized-product marketcap potential, and they have less competition than OmiseGo.It will probably be over 1bn after launch though so its not a loss investment at least.
extreme aggressionhahahahahahlol what a fucking joke