I wanted to make another post just to celebrate the stupidity of people here.
Are you ready for the Ice, Water and Steam updates guys?!
ahahahahaha.... hahahahah.. hah
jesus christ that's rough.I just exited.
made 300%.
I was almost too late haha
RIP anyone who bought this
Can't wait to see the crying when they didn't sell.I doubled my money and got out, so should others.
I fell for the meme.
Should I cut my losses or is there any chance this might rebound?
Everyone who bought made money.
Sooo.
Got in yesterday at 0.16, sold at 0.44.
Should have sold at 0.6 but whatever, I'm up.
shits crashing hard now.
it's another "chink coin that promises to do everything any crypto has ever done all at the same time" episode
"Everyone who bought made money"Not the people who bought at 14-15-16-17k sats, where it pretty much sat for the last 3 hours of shilling and then it dumped in 3 minutes.Made 75% profits, fine by me.
I'm out this scam.
should have sold at the peak, but whatever I had no foresight until nowJesus christ dude,I hope you go broke on the next shticoin
What did you buy/sell at?
Wew lad, happy I didn't fomo into this shitcoin.
300% returns, can't complain

This
You dare mock DevNull?
SELL WALLS DOWN.
BUY BUY BUY!
this level of FUDReminds me of literally every successful coin.
The #1 predictor of long-term profit is apparently the degree to which a coin is FUDed on /biz/.
Just unironically bought 8k, see you when it's $30.
Yeah kinda thinking the same though the whitepaper is pretty iffy.
However, I am guessing the pump was mostly causes by Chinese so they may be going off a lot more than we know from the English paper..hopefully
Lol, poor hasty 3rd person translation.
Wait for the REAL thing.
ONE BELT ONE ROAD!
See all of the strong hands at $5
The Chinese paper has a lot more info.
People don't seem to realize that Nuls == InChain.
It's already a huge thing, not just an impromptu shitcoin.
They're Chinese government compliant, have a huge talented team, at least four partnerships with multi-billion dollar Chinese companies, a large presence in China, and have a lot of capital to work with.>pic related, the nuls team
Serious question, how do you know all this?
I have a Chink friend who owed me big and he gave me the scoop.
What's our real exit point lad?
This gonna pull a WTC on us and shoot past $5 to $8.00 before a pull-back?
I don't have an exit point yet, I'm holding long term.
Too many variables to guess a price, but once people start connecting the dots it'll definitely 5x at the least.
So when are the chinks gonna pump this shit into andromeda?
and they've a codebase, that will be pushed on github
Thanks for the info, much appreciated.l