Reminder: accumulate
Is he trying to say that it is a meme and will never increase in value or that it's being presented as a meme but will actually increase substantially at some point?
He means that only a few people are seeing LINKs true potential and we should accumulate before everyone realizes this is huge.
theres nothing to accumulate.
chainlink requires external banks and huge organizations to buy their token to use their network, but none of them will, because they're the ones providing 100% of the value to the network.
the economic model is completely and utterly broken, and it's obvious to anyone who isn't bagholding it.
they are not building an army, Sergay cant even find people to work on his team he has to publicly beg for help.
they AINT DOING SHIT
Sergey is a good leader and the recently leaked seift page will make everyone run to buy linkThis is just the beginning
being this deluded
>reddit homos STILL have not figured out that chainlink is ScamHAHAHAHAHAHhow can these retards be so wrong all the time?
lmao like imagine some retard going all in on this bullshit.
1,000,000,000 supplyYoure going to be holding this coin for over decade before you see even the most minimal of profits.
This is another Ripple in the making.
actually the big players will be given some of the reserve tokens for free, idiot.
Youre going to be holding this coin for over decadeok pajeet
Someone PLEASE send me link.
I'm broke as fuck and can't afford any ffs
 mil current supply.
sent ;)
the economic model is completely and utterly broken, and it's obvious to anyone who isn't bagholding it.You obviously haven't seen the whole picture.
There are two sides to the economic middle.
Think about it a little more - I'm not going to do your thinking for you.
he's right though... if chainlink hits even $5, it will become a market cap of 5 TRILLION...bigger than bitcoin....
I would send if I had one
cunt
not sure if srs.
why am i wrong?
enlighten me
wow you're an idiot.the absolute state of LINK FUDers
ask your fifth grade math teacher

43252654325321Please send me a link 0x0D07100A32B3148DC8035CAd7328e01350a9c576
oops.
okay so if there is a circulating supply of 350m/1b total, thats still a shit ton.
i'm wanna hear your thoughts though.
what price will link be in mid 2018?
and I do hold link...
*1billion
No one wants to talk to a guy who thinks a billion times five is five trillion kek
this
scary what morons are browsing this board
It's like .20 cents you broke fagot get a job
It requires banks to let in the middleman and pay them millions.> Absolutely happening.At best Sergey gets a job in the bank to do it for them as a well-paid wagecuck empolyee.