I wanted to pursue a career in HVAC but theres one glaring issue I have: driving recordI am not a good/confident driver at all.
I've driven for a couple years now and I have shitty reflexes, I'm jittery, I tap my breaks often, a couple of times I've hit pedal instead of break etc.
wtf should I do?
should I pursue this at the risk of my whole livelihood being thrown away in the case of an accident or ticket?
Why not just continue to improve your driving through practice?
You'll get better as time passes and a ticket or even a (minor) accident won't destroy your career.
Nothing should prevent you from pursuing stable employment if you're able-bodied
I've been driving for a long time, its not so much that I'm a "bad" driver, I just become a nervous wreck while driving and it causes me to make stupid mistakes.
It always happens when I over think it and I just "feel" like accidents are always going to happen in just a matter of time.
like its my instinct, hard to explain
didnt know people were this beta.
samedude you need help, theres 16 year old girls who drive better than you
4492008thanks for the advice.
>go to board for help>get told I need help
This is honestly fucking pathetic, OP.
I really don't know what to tell you.
You're one of the millions that need to be weeded out by natural selection.
well then I guess my only option is to kms
Dude you're on 4chan and not even posting on the designated advice board, what did you expect?
Anyway by your description it sounds like you probably shouldn't be on the road, not that there's any shame in that.
There are so many other ways to make money, why not explore them?
Here's a real answer instead of just telling you to kill yourself for considering putting other people's lives at risk cause your retarded.
Tell employer you have some kind of medical reason [dyor] for this, that prevents you from driving.
Epilepsy or something.
Tell them that your ambitious to work on a team where another employee can take care of the driving.
Many companies have 2+ persons service teams.
Just partner up with anyone.