You made 10x in less than a year.
Are you happier now than before?
Nop
I guess a little
Yes
I invested around £5000 in ethereum back in December last year and have done very well out of it.
If anything I'm more stressed because it's pointed out to me how shit wage cucking is, but I can't quit yet because I still need a day job and a back up plan in case I don't make it.
I've taken out some significant gains however and I am now able to do more fun things like gigs and holidays.
Hopefully I'll look back on these few years fondly whether I make it or not.
put in like 7k in december.
now at 60k i think its ok. could have sold link instead of hodling like a retard.
You already made it
7 to 70k in a few months is good and lets me quit my job if i need to, but I need at least another 5x to comfortably resign
Im so broke I need 1000x.
I started with less than 1k in may and now my portfolio is 55kI realise I’ve 55x’d my money in under a year but I’m constantly filled with anxiety that I’m too late to make it.
It all seems way too good to be true, I’m praying for the alt market to come back like we had In may-June so I can finally use this money to actually make it and never come backMy portfolio tanking from 94k to 55k due to link crashing is when I started getting really worried, it was the first alt I actually believed in and held through a crash and it completely crippled my portfolio, still holding it now.
Nope I need to 10x at least 3 more times
 x 0=You need a job or a maths lesson anon
Bought 0.5 BTC @ $300Invested heavily on XEM on 2016, going all in which was only sub 0.006.Started using Blockfolio.
Entered XEM amount and voila!
My surprise I've already entered the whale category
I made 50x in less than four years.
Happier?
Nope - not enough to leave the rat race.
But definitely feel comfier
Yep, exceedingly.
Not having to be a slave is the higher form of happines for playing chars.
NPCs will never understand this though.
a bit but i need to 8x my stack to become a millionaire
12000 to 12200 in 4 months want to kmsonly lost money on shitcoin but my btc eth and ltc kept me above negative
nope im running scared because irs.
i developed serious insomnia.
i need prescription now cause so much time in front of screen.
im depressed cause i could have make 20x to 30x.
I'm happier but I want much much more.
i am now 24/7 stressed about loosing it allthx24x btw
i am now 24/7 stressed about loosingsame shiti have no real money invested, so even if it goes to 0 i will loose nothingand yet i can't handle losses at all because i know i woudn't be able to make such easy money again
Happier?
Nah, not really.Richer?
Ehm, yes a lot.Does money make you Happy?
Yes, but not yet, I need more money, so i don't have to care anymore.
Same.
I pulled out my original principal, so if it all goes to zero I didn't really lose money (just wasted time), but I worry about losing tens of thousands of dollars I've made with this racket overnight.
Yes because I'm actually going to buy myself a Porsche.
Get some of that money into rlc and hodl.
Ofc do ur own research
Not really.
I need to hit like a million dollars before I feel like I've made it.
I'm pretty happy with it.
I've made much more money than on my stock portfolio, there's no market close and I can trade 24/7 which I enjoy a lot.
No I fucking didnt, I made -0.5x in three months!
REEEEEEEEE, chinese FUD, s2x, fucked by random exchange freezes and maintenance.
REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!