I lost almost all of my 2 year portfolio on Confido, been accumulating, day trading everyday just to get 90% loss :( maybe I was greedy...4chan has been relentless on the confido losers, there was no way to guess that would happen, anyone willing to help I would be grateful0x7f099d9ae88f16dcbdac7fe67f7c8551f0a4b7af
If you've been in crypto for 2 years and were all-in on confido, you don't deserve any crypto gains.
And how much is that?
Nice larp faggot, you don't have any confido in your wallet
2 years in crypto and you went all in a shitcoin ico that pumped x20 overnight?
seems legit
U dont hold any CFD u fucking faggot.
REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE:.............. it's a pajeet,
XDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDYou want donations but you still have 14 ETH on binance fucking faggt kys
2 Weeks ago is the earliest transaction >Zero cfd and bunch of shitcoins Shop street shitter
lmao -85%this makes even the july eth crash seem tame in comparison
Actually still have 52k, all etherdelta orders are filled, unless I sell for 0.001$ or something.
I didn't went all in, but yes my portfolio was kinda big on confido, was talking actively with the devs, and I genuinely believed tha project was legit.
I guess I was naive
unironically this there was no way to guess that would happenlol>fishy looking team>cheap ass looking project>clearly a dividend-type pie in the sky tokenanyone who bought at anything higher than x1.5 should never be in crypto in the first placeof course the SEC rammed their hot sweaty cock in their asses, but they knew it in advance so unloaded all their bags (presale investors, yea my ass) at 20x profit
posts wallet>no CFD transactions>still tries to shilllmao
Post proof of transactions, otherwise you're a larping faggot


I'm not a larp.i got hit hard.
All my profits the last couple months are gone.
I'm back to like 4 eth and a bag of Chainlink0x11135473df4F870018D41eA77c45c55262D84199Please have mercy
But anon the CONfido shills were making fun of biz and even made a collage making fun of people telling me it was a scam.
WHOA you are trading with 2 WHOLE ethswow man
SECDude they are German...
we warned you the team were shady frat bros
ok, insert there any regulation institutionsomething grabed them by the balls
There is low volume, how many eth you think I can trade without setting a wall that people wont buy or sell..
just a healthy correction