/biz/ is jam packed with bagholders.Which community is the most D-E-L-U-D-E-D?>ARKIES (ARK)>IOTIANS (IOTA)>DISTRICTERS (DNT)>LINKIES (LINK)Or pick your own!
dumb poorfags will never learn...>kek
Cashies
including IOTIANSI'm no Iota shill but that coin is approaching an ATH after tripling this month.Obviously the rest are all completely deluded, maybe arkies the most so.
You'll be able to add powr to that list, maybe in the next 2 weeks or soChainlink bagholders are definitely the most militant though
>COSSWent from 20 cents to now 6 cents and they're still buying.
Holy fuck this is the worst I've seen so far.
/biz/ is like a little kid that learned a somewhat unusual or hard wordthis word is deluded,now the bizraeli spams this everywhere to show how proud he is to master such word
reminder people were calling neomarines deluded a week ago
linkies + walties
Cashies are the worst fanbase for sure.When they aren’t sprouting conspiracy theories they are shitting all over the places with their mental retardation
BAY, they won't admit the coin went up because of a pump group, shits almost funny.
IOTA is nearly at ATH and is going to get listed on coinbase soon.
These bags are comfy as fuck
t. mad syscoiner
I still liek bitbay.
I just sold when I was it pump for no reason, will buy back in.
it's still up retard lmfao also its gonna pump again get fucked
listed on coinbaseStopped reading right there
I hold none of these but.IOTIANS are a nice number 1 because IOTA will never function in the way they promise it will.
It's a hype coin with shit overpromising devs who are winging their development with only vague ideas about how they are going to make it work.ARK is number 2 because other chains will never do the necessary cooperation with them to allow them to become /the bridge/ (implement bridge code).LINKIES will make it.DNT'ers is unknown, but the way the token currently works, I don't think the amount of demand for it from actual products built on DNT even justifies a 10m marketcap, and certainly not its current 26m marketcap.It depends on how staking DNT in specific district governance and minting of specific district currency will work.If it works in the best way for DNT holders AND a lot of really useful and utilized districts emerge, the coin might be a 200m+ coin.
Wouldn't hold my breath though.
There are better things to speculate in.
There's still a shitload of updates coming, pump and dump or not the thing has merit unlike 99% of all trash coinst.
holding since 330 sats and not selling
tfw I wish I bought more IOTA instead of LINK
4464707
Bancucks
I was an OMG'er for the longest time, bought at ath of 14$ (almost all in).>anon dont worry, we will be on the moon soon>Anon apple news will send us to the moon>anon wait till next year and retire.Fuck that shit, I sold at a lost, went all in nuls at 54 cents and doubled my money.Fuck HODLING.
IT IS A MEME.-cryptogoober @nasaaidsyour twitter representive
Neo stayed about 26 pretty permanently.
People expecting it to go to $50 or even stay where it is are deluded though.
ThisMost deluded for sure.They don't even want to understand that they got PnD'd