As soon as blockchain is done going through the spammy transactions, we're back on the track.
Buy the dip, sell BCH as soon as you feel comfortable with the price because it IS going to drop as soon as it stops getting treated as a BTC lifeboat.
This changes nothing.Go fuck your mother.
D E L U D E D B I T C U C K
https://blockchain.info/unconfirmed-transactions
The decrease in value was caused by increased transaction costs which were introduced due to a coordinated attack designed to clog the Blockchain.Unless you want to believe that thousands of madmen decided to move Bitcoin in a manner where transaction costs were 100x higher than the actual transaction value, losing millions.This exploit has now been fixed and despite of thousands of spammy transactions still clogging the Blockchain BTC is no longer falling but ranging.Look at the facts and don't cave in for the shills.People are starting to realize what was happening, BCH will take a huge hit.
If you've profited on it's pump, more power to you, but be wary.
THISi wish i had a mining pool to pick up all that tasty spamthink about it its like paying a car for a pack of gumnobody except biz would do such a thing>biz did 11.10 btc crash
Lol then tell me why the amount of unconfirmed transactions is still rising?If the "vulnerability" is suppsoedly fixed, and it's still rising, does that mean there wasn't much of an attack to begin with?
We're nearing 120k unconfirmed transactions in queue now.
It's ridiculous.The BTC chain is clearly still cucked.
Transferring money is a coordinated attackMust be those Russian hackers, deluded bitcuck!
do you pay 7$ tranfser fee to transfer 0.20$?
the fee is high so that miners pick these transactions which spam the network instead of cheaper fees that a real transactions
I think BTC is nearing its bottom, should slowly be rebuilding by the end of the weekend.
It's slowing down and will be back to normal soon.
Please keep in mind that it will take a few days until all nodes and wallets are updated, but the most crucial systems are already working against the attack.So you believe in the madmen theory?
It's at almost 120k now
This is all probably a smokescreen by the corecuck team to stop people from moving their money out of BTC.
Coinbase completely blocked btc withdrawals for a couple of hours, complained about incorrect adresses for many people even though they were correct.
The order in which these events occurred doesn't support this theory.
explain
the whole point of bitcoin is to be resistant to spam.
That's the sole reason that things like proof of work and proof of stake were made.you're a moron.
It's slowing down and will be back to normal soon.
Please keep in mind that it will take a few days until all nodes and wallets are updated, but the most crucial systems are already working against the attack.All bullshit.
It's still rising https://blockchain.info/unconfirmed-transactionsIncoming network traffic still far outstrips network transaction confirmation capacity.
Huge amount of BCH bought for Korean money.>Suddenly lots of absolutely weird transactions showing up in Blockchain, with transaction costs much higher than the transaction value.>Shills popping up everywhere, calling people to buy BCH - which was the most obvious on /r/btc, where sleeper accounts from the last BCH pump suddenly started posting again.And this is not even taking the mining difficulty shenanigans into account.They didn't expect that someone will actually go for it and lose lots of money just to manipulate the price.
Actually BCH can also fall for the same ruse, only needs 8x more money to get burned in the process.It's rising much slower than barely two hours ago.
As I mentioned, it will take time to recover, do I need to spell out the obvious?Also, BTC is no longer falling.
Now is the best time to sell BCH for BTC.
Take profits, sell high, buy low.
but youre wrong, coinbase started blocking withdrawals over 36 hours ago
he thinks that Bitcoin's limited transaction capacity is somehow temporaryDon't worry OP, fees will fall when no one wants to use Bitcoin anymore!
DO IT FAGGOTS WE'RE BEING SLAUGHTERED HERE
How can it recover when the queue is still increasing after the "fix"?
What kind of magical thing is going to make transaction requests still being higher than transactions processed not be the case?
Also, BTC is still falling.
6271 now.BCH still rising, 1335 now.Consider skipping ship before it's too late.
Loyalty towards the BTC crowd or the BCH is irrelevant.
They're all corrupt and a centralized oligarchy is the invariable end-state of proof of currencies, especially asic friendly ones like BTC and BCH.
Just get your gains in the flippening, then exit safely to ethereum before proof of stake hype/pump that might lead to the next flippening where ethereum overtakes BCH.
It was good enough for most of BTC's run.
Are you more of a moron than normies who are the target of this attack?>Oh no, Bitcoin can't handle lots of transactions because they have small blocks!>Well hello, better move to OUR version of Bitcoin which has bigger blocks!I always thought /biz/ people are smarter than that.
They didn't expect that someone will actually go for it and lose lots of money just to manipulate the price.
Actually BCH can also fall for the same ruse, only needs 8x more money to get burned in the process.get the fuck out of here you Blockstream™ shill.
It's a terrible and shitty network that slows with enough legitimate, small transactions.
They're not attacking the network by attacking miners with illegitimate transactions.
They're legitimate transactions that slow the network down.
Using the network for its intended purpose isn't spam.
Spam is sending messages that shouldn't be passed through.
ITS DROPPING LIKE A ROCK!!!
THIS IS IT FAGGOTS, WERE FINALLY WITNESSING THE RISE OF BCH!!!!
ITS REALLY HAPPENING!!!
How can it recover when the queue is still increasing after the "fix"?
What kind of magical thing is going to make transaction requests still being higher than transactions processed not be the case?The update stops the spammy transactions from entering the blockchain now.I'm not taking sides, currently holding everything in ETH.
Just providing a honest insight on what is possibly going on.
BCH won't survive because it's value is determined solely on the fact that people have been conveniently migrating there due to this BTC apocalypse.
As soon as it ends (and it will) BCH will start falling hard, as soon as people will realize that they can't do anything with it.
Using the network for its intended purpose isn't spam.
Spam is sending messages that shouldn't be passed through.How is moving cents with transaction fees in $5-$15 range an intended purpose?
The update stops the spammy transactions from entering the blockchain now.Yes but there are still more transactions entering the queue than leaving the queue.
The total size of the queue is still rising.I think the flippening will happen and I agree that BCH will not survive the aftermath, but I don't think it will take a very short time for that to happen.
I do intend to exit BCH in favor of ETH at the first somewhat reliable signs that it has reached a post-flip roof, however.
B...But we gotta buy starbucks!
HAHAHAH FAGGOT ITS RISSSSSING.