Im the anon that called storj, to prove it here are my BTC and ETH walletsBTC: 1793vMSEu3SuVd4MVUbsXTzbhWEumhudjWETH:0xed4768d188e561bf910a61d6cb6efd492aeaea93I know I said I wouldn't call but I just noticed a double wedge forming on BAY, this is going to MOONBuy in at 600-620 sats and sell at 1.5k
Roger that
-2.5 hours before it jumps to 1.5k satsCALLING IT NOW, donate to my addresses you are all very welcome.
That's a high fucking claim anon.
I mean, a seriously tall fucking claim.
You're saying Bay is going to from 600 sats, to 1500 sats, and it's already up 57% at time of writing.
I'm going all in with 5btc.
Let's fucking do this.
I was right with STORJ wasn't I?
Everyone was saying I was fucking stupid, I am rarely wrong.This is a great short call.Good luck, I went in with 4BTC
You're pretty fucking stupid regardless, but I for some reason believe you.
Because he doesn't sound like a typical pajeet.
You'll thank me in about 1-3 hours or so.>If it dips below 515 sats though I am wrong and you should sell thenhowever as long as it stays above 515 sats the bull wedge is in
thanks sold 100k
if is correct you have 10% of my profit i will invest all my bc wtf i could die tomorrow
Why is this spiking so much in the first place?
100k>acting like thats going to stop the volume from going up in the next 2 hoursYou're fucking stupid
Dude, did you see the wall of sellers?
theres like 30 BTC that has to go through to get even past 739
611 sats and counting as of typing thisok nerd
Bought 511 BAY at 392 sats, feeling pretty comfy over here.I with the best of luck to you anon
Why would it continue to go up from two wedge upwards?
I thought upward wedges lend itself to price stabilization shortly after?
And if it's not, and I'm a complete idiot, could you direct me to where you learned your TA skills?
Because I think while it seems unlikely, you're 100% spot on.
being this new to /biz/
its going to moon to 1.25-1.5k sats guaranteed in 2 hours or it will fall back down to 500 or loewr sats, if it falls to 515 SELL it, if it keeps going up buy in, but don't buy in past 900 sats
oh believe me, I bought 6471.18632661 BAY at 620 sat, and I'm just watching it go up.
The thing is, HOW did you know?
What form of TA did you study to be able to pick out these winners so readily and rapidly?
I'm watching your other threads in wonder as all your picks seem to be exploding.
I appreciate your calls, I just wish I could make similar calls, as such I want to know where you learned so I may read too.
:)
Funnily enough I started trading in october with $700, I am now at about $15k as of typing thisI just recognize the patterns.
I have 100k Bitbay
Man, I had to look at this pretty hard.
I want to believe, but it kind of looks like ~800 is the top.
I'll forever consider you the man if it hits your target, though.
I will have learned something too, so thank you in advance if that happens.
I can see the patterns too, but what lead you to this shitcoin admist all the shitcoins?
Like, don't get me wrong, once the graph is dialed in it can be super easy to read the different metrics to produce a powerful trade but.
Do you just rampantly look through graphs until you find a winner?
if it dips to 605-630 buy in then before it moons to 1.2-1.5k in about an hour and a half
Yeah I spend about 10-11 hours a day trading
I bought BCH at .188 and I just want to get off this wild ride.Would this be worth taking a loss for?
It's at the 24hr low.
I can't handle this anymore.
I feel like I'm going to hate myself for this, but I'm just going to sit back and watch without going in.
That 30 min chart looks legit, but the 1 day looks rough to me.
Thanks for this post, though, man.
This is the type of thing I look for on this site.
yes>Buy in around 600-620 sats>Sell at 1-1.5k sats in 2 hours
You're already up 10% from when I posted my first reply.
Teach me or give me some resources to learn?
Ty for the calls
That's a very fancy set of meme lines you have drawn there, what tool/website do you use to view them in that way?
Seeing sup/res lines in that way makes it extra easy to see what is going to happen next.
bch is going to plummet after next difficulty is achieved as miners will go back to BTC for profit
when bch plummits BTC and some certains alts will skyrocket
I unironically will send you 10% if this goes to 1k sat in the next 2 hours.
You have my word.Take the wheel anon.
I will be waiting.There will be dips down to 590 I believe but it will double, bit volatile.
i will set up the sell in 1k i will go to slept
Binance has my money and doesnt have BAY, would it be faster to buy eth to send it to bittrex or just send my btc?
Good luck.
use dogecoin
sweet bought 100k, see you fools on da moon.
god speed anons.
worse comes to worse I lose ~12%, best case I 2x.
I'm down with that.
sending eth to bittrex is a bitch
tomorrow will be rich or poor, thank you annon
So just send the BTC?
Or maybe Ark?
I have no idea what takes the longest to confirm.
No problem, just set a stop loss at 515 in case i am wrong, but I think I will be right as the 15 min chart shows good wedge formation for a third wedge.
i send dogecoin, way faster and value pretty much same
doge isnt on binance
Hi im the guy that tipped .005 btc, is this coin not available on Binance or does it go by another ticker?
we need your private key to confirm its really you anon.
digibyte?
remember money is not that important, neither bc
not on either
Thanks for the tip I got it btw, not sure about binance.
The RSI just doesn't look good to me.
If it does it 1.5, I think it'll fall quickly.
It will, just get out asap at 1.3-1.5kit'll stabilize around 950sats to 1k
No problem wish I could send more if I had more.
I think I'll miss this one with how long it takes to get verified to do deposits with these other exhcanges
bitcore is way more of an investment than this...
OP didn't get the 100k meme, is this good or bad?
sup firebird
I'm still going to pussy out, but I'm totally watching it like I have money in it.
i guess that means he's all business
4388577New dip is higher than the previous dip on the 5min, its gonna moon but it might take longer than 2 hours
yOuRe FuCkInG sTuPiD mY tA iS gUd FaG kys.
thanks for the tip.
if its not past 650 satoshis in 45 minutes then I will literally come out and say sorry i was wrong, until then it will 2x
means OP is a newfagthe fact that he posted his addresses for tips means he's fucking POOR and has NO IDEA what he's talking about
Man, even if you're wrong, you can tell that you're a real dude about it.
It's a nice change of pace from the norm on this site.
Thank you.
Thanks, I appreciate it, currently a bit nervous since I have about 3.8k USD invested in this call, its taking longer than I thought to break 900 satoshis, I think from my new TA that it will but its going to be slower since volume is down.>If it goes below 540 get the fuck out and dump though guys
I think I just fucked myself.I decided to go ahead and send BTC to Bittrex instead of another coin.
This is gonna take hours.Sent .125btc, which was all I had on exchanges to play with.
Still got 1150 Ark sitting on my wallet, would it be worth playing with like half of that, or too risky?
LTC works fine.
he was 100% right on the STORJ thread even posting the exact time
IF YOURE IN GET THE FUCK OUT NOW.
I'm going to stand by this just so we can pit our two schools of thought against each other.
I may do a chart on it soon just so we'll have something more tangible to compare.
welp.
FUUUUUUU
tfw decide to trust anon >tfw pull out of storj at .89>tfw get in at .05>tfw storj now at .94>tfw bay at .04last time i listen to anon and not myself.
oh well, cheap lesson learned
nvm its going back up
Op lied people died
YOURE FUCKING GUESSING?!
WHAT KIND OF TA IS THIS SHIT LOL

cmon dont be a pussy
fuck it OP you were right on storj, and i took your bait then and was thankful.Im going all in boys.
If OP lies i cry
.3K IN ONE HOURDONT LET ME DOWN ANONHAVE MY QUINTS
Don't feel like it's on you, man.
Everyone made their own decisions.
I feel like you can expect it to hit ~587 before your theory will start to play out.
^^^OH SHIT BOYS.
WE DOING THIS
CON-FUCKING-FIRMED
oh shit.
WHATS THE COUNTDOWN OP.
WE GOT THE QUINTS ON OUR SIDE

op how lucky you are the quints have spoken
o damn MEME MAGIC
EVERYONE GET THE FUCK IN NOW

offering to apologizeYou really are new around here.
And you are generating legitimate crypto discussion.
Non-fag confirmed.
It's called Litecoin, check it out.
thanks dadGettung fucked currently but I am praying it hits 800 satoshis in 3 hours if not i am out completely
Dear OP, mate, Is it too late to buy now?
no it isn't just if it dips below 515 gtfo for real
I have never seen any new comer welcomed here in such a appropriate manner.
OP needs to seal this deal +1 more and he will go down in /biz/ bible.
for those of you still waiting.
OP just said to gtfo.
bought at 615. sold at 617. thanks for the heads up anon.
I'll keep my eye out for you, you seem nice enough to give tips and warn us as well.
thanks for that.
I'll keep watching though, very curious
i am too i am back in, I got 85k of it on the line not gonna sell until at least 900-1k
then he said nvm.
then quints confirmed 1.3k sats.
time to go back all in anon
praying for 900-1k
I just went all in pic related.
God speed
>tfw been in since 430 sats
GOOD NEWS
is it too late to join you reeeeeeetards?
buy in or is it too late?
no because if it breaks it will hit at least 850 satoshi to 1k
not really, that was me buying back in from 622-625
4389033lol never taken the word of a stranger this fast..
I'm back in.. only playing with 0.06 btc though...
I got burned on BCH.. that'll teach my greedy ass, it's refreshing when people actually have a good conversation on here.
second thread today I actually enjoyed reading, people aren't complete dicks and trying to rip you off... then again... we're about to find out aren't we lol godspeed
the order book is fucked, theres no way its getting through that
Good, you're helping the chart signal a breakout
that's the rarest thing I've ever seen wow
How do we know its the same anon from the STORJ call though, everyone could've copy pasted those adresses?
we have until 00:20:03 or you're getting fucking v&
cause he's very nicejust sold 100k
4389149It is me fr, i FUCKED UP EVERYONE SORRYI guess my TA was too volatile got fucked, I am sorry pull out.>If it makes you feel any better i lost about $900 so far.
patience dude.
quints.
he called it.
this thread is blessed
no, im not fucking challenged and didn't get on the niggership when it was already up 50+ % and bagholders were gettting notification
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
UPDATED TA:OP is right it's going down fort he next 3-4 hrs.
But watch it -don't fucking sleep- because when this triple flag breaks out we're 3-5xing
NOOOOOO
wojak thread post wojaks
im inclined to agree with this, its gonna go down to maybe 560 satoshis or lower then it is going to break suddenly, koreans will pump it prob.
The downward slope is correction for a pump.
There is absolutely no reason a shitcoin like this one has to rise.
You're all going to be very very sorry.
4389221>tfw have to wagecuck at 7am and it's already midnightthis could make 2 weeks pay if it pays offfuck
4389235relatable>tfw when you lost your months rent>tfw when you probably got many other anons to lose their good boy pointsI feel like a piece of shit I am sorry dudes.
You obviously don't know shit about BitBay then retard
Dont worry you have more heart than most of us, ill keep an eye out for you.Dont forget to post the next thing.
well, dont give up the ghost yet, you only lose when you sell but there's nothing surface-level jumping out at me about why there would be a sudden value spike like this.
Someone on r*ddit had posted about it being on target for higher as well, maybe like  said someone will hit it overnight but in the morning it will be a selloff
Just sold for a tiny loss but basically I should rebuy at 550-ish and put in a conditional sell for ~1000-1100 for the koreans to scoop up?
Here's a really shitty chart of my take on it from the start of the thread.
I just wanted to post this, because I mentioned it earlier.
that still gives you 4 hours of beauty sleep sunshine.Research inbound
it look like recovering, i had this investing in bcc so i am very calm, i would be losing the half now
if anyone is challenged enough to buy this at 1k sat during the bitcoin wars i pity them
fellow bitcoin cucked anon how do you dofucking roger

its honestly a fucking dice roll at this point, godspeed anons.>im going to go out and have a fag im stressed
top kek
Alright, man.
It's heading towards the low that I was thinking you'd need to see before it goes nuts.
I'm staying up for it.
Well based on the previous spike upward it should retrace to about 550 sat at least, and if it falls past that it would fall theoretically to 475 or less.
That is unless some group is intentionally, arbitrarily choosing a Hr pump on it
Sorry I offended you Pajeet.
I will buy sir.
The volume will come back right?
https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=890531.0https://btcmanager.com/cryptocurrency-bitbay-announces-website-re-launch-fork-increase-stake-rewards-0-1-1-percent/Supply: 1,007,845,929 BAYAlgo: PoS 15 return per annum# of Addresses: 2936 Total
% return per annum*Downloading the wallet and UI
>bought back in at 597>its still going downFUCK if it dips below 550 im fucked[/spoiler]
oh shit this is actually really good.
Dear OP, thanks for the warnings, I got in at 604 and out at 608 from your warnings, thanks.
I cant really tell what's gonna happen, so im putting the coffee on and doing chemistryfuck it
me neither
First Impressions:The wallet doesn't want to sync.
There is only one thing to buy in the market place; Gift Cards.
LMC about to take off, OP's call from earlier thread was right!
what is LMC?
this call saved my ass thank god
bought some too!
none of this coins are on binance, where do you guys trade?
bittrex
use bittrex
Bittrex
is it still worth getting in on LMC or was all the profit made already?
Bittrex with Bittrex Enhanced Google Chrome addon that has trading view charts
Profit is gonna moon on friday when they have the conferenceAlso Star.io hasn't been released yet when it gets released guaranteed top 40 coin
thanks anon saw this earlier looked good.
who the f is behind the pumps, i mean storj is a shit token
4389880Why are you such a benevolent anon?
You remind me of pre-June /biz/, when crypto was first taking over the board and we were all gonna make it instead of fudding eachother.Target for LMC?
target is 800 if you want short term, if you want long term target will be 1.4-1.6k by friday night to saturday morning
nice just bought 100k (17k)gonna sit on it till friday morning minimum.
heading to sleep, best of luck on bitbay my dude, sitting out of this one.
yep i can see why, volatile as fuck I will be up for another 4-5 hours watching bitbay.LMC will be fine though since its a beijing coinGL!
Should I invest in BitBay or LMC?
only have enough for one atm
LMC if you are okay waiting 2-3 daysBitbay if you can stay up another 5 hours7
Here we go?
So.. how did that go?
So.. pink wojak should when?
I thnk this may be the breakout
+ is confirmed breakout.
We're not getting there yet
bay or LMC?
Op how will we identify you for future calls?
DESU Thank you so much OP!
It's not always about making money, but rather learning and while I havn't had a return on my BAY investment (yet) I gained access to a whole lot more tools to draw very fancy meme lines and now I get to read up on each one!
ps make a trip code so that people can know it's you without asking, because your ability to have 10-11 hours a day to look for a good chart is not something everyone has.
I have confidence in my ability to know i'm looking at one, but finding it is truly the larger battle.
order book has been sell-dominant for the past two hours, it only evens out around 600, I think the deciding factor may be which way the chinks and gooks lean within the next couple hours.
OP you should make a telegram so you can shill your coins to us when you find good buys.
My username is andyd97 if you want to add me
>have been shilling Bitbay here since forever>it moons, sell at 475>it moons to FUCKING 600 after I soldREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEETime to kill myself, bought back in now at 600 but if it crashes back to the original price I'm going to be a bagholder for a whileNot selling anymore until we hit $1 now, I know it will happen because BITBAY is a promising product, much better than syscoin garbage
shilled only to get rid of his bagsSpoken like a true pajeet
good idea, i am @vicsound11if you do, please add me too
No, I shilled it because I am a fan of this coin honestlyThat's why I'm salty when I missed out on most gains
bought back in now at 600 but if it crashes back to the original price I'm going to be a bagholder for a whileBased on my experiences of the last 5 days this is exactly what's going to happen to you anon.
4390432PS Bitbay will be the nr.
1 decentralised marketplace, fuck Syscoin and all the other garbage, MARK MY WORDSIn Q2 2018 this shit will skyrocket
No problem, we've seen nothing, it will go above 10 cents some time - and way beyond that,
Is it still just a man show?
4390420Frankly, it's not even about him shilling them, I'd honestly like to learn from OP.
I've been doing my research but I assume I've been going about it the wrong way, some calls weren't bad, others were terrible.
Consistency in this crazy fucking crypto business is key.
Anything I can learn to make that happen, I'll take gladly.
Here's mine too in case you do feel kind hearted enough to teach an idiot how to do this.
Internmotion
4390030your a good goy OP, add me @Bryce404
bay taking off now for those still holding
buy bay first.
sell at peak, then buy lmc
WE BUYING THE WALLS NOW
wanna throw gas on the fire?
i have 2k more to spend
Trip will be cryptoinsiderbit
Are we crossing that 700 sat wall?
nicely done.
We broke out.
Real 3-4x in 1 hour 20min
the bay has left the launch pad.
thank you again, hope to take more lessons from you.
Honestly you could have a whole thread to how you see patterns/identify good entry points.
the sheer amount of time you spend must give you such advantages to the average pajeet.
thanks bud i got in on STORJ, BAY, and LMC good calls!
No, thank you.
I am down $900 today since I pussied out awhile ago.$900 lesson has been learned, I will follow my advice through the end from now on.
I will post more in the afternoons Western US Coast time.Or whenenever I see a call.
4390694
fomo sets in
DUMP BEGIN!
SELL SELL SELL!
Can I expect anything from 1k BAY?
Bought at 20% a few hours ago
>breakout
Possible breakout within 3-4 hours
you want more.
the nice thing is, this isnt the only site where someone saw this coming, a couple other traders have apparently called 1k+ sats for it.
which might imply there is something happening behind the scenes
This is just the prepump
Still a gamble at this point, my meme arrows are telling me it will break out but its gonna take awhile, maybe even up to 16 hours.However if it breaks 700 it will be insanely profitable.
I believe in you OP.
My body is yours
If I go all in now I'll lose everything right?
sell now or forever hold your bags
Probably, don't go in at 640 satoshi or whatever it is.If you really want to test, go in at 590 satoshi and even then be fucking careful.This is a 50/50 gamble, looking at the longterm charts and my meme arrows its super volatile.
I've lost enough recently, maybe I'll sit this one out.
We're shaking out the weak hands
I am sitting this one out as well, I lost well over $900 over this shit and I am sure my dumb call has lost a lot of people on this board a lot of money.>For that I apologize, I will try to do better in the future, out of the 20 or so calls I have made publicly, this is my 2nd disaster.
lol
bought at 672 sats.
set a stop loss at 500 tho.
lets see what u can do OPits dumping rn but lets see fingers crossed
I am off for the night, I have accepted my losses and you probably should too if you are going to sleep soon>If not stay up for another 10 hours or so and watch the bull flag really fucking closely, 1 min chart and all.>If you are about to sleep set a loss prevention at 590 satoshi or whatever you're comfortable with losingGood luck and god speed fellow anons, I want to make it big, so far I am up about 400% this month and I want to help everyone out.I will post tomorrow afternoon if I see any decent calls, I will try and not post any risky calls, if I post risky calls I will explicitly state it is high risk.
BAY and ARK are literally my only two holds, but I've heard SO MANY incorrect moon calls in these two alts from people who had previously called earlier shit with insane accuracy.
I'm sure it's because I'm in those alts.
4390912you sir are a gentleman and a scholar.
I just bought at 630 sat.
How fucked am I?
macd signaled me to buy at 390sat, 500 sat and now at 629 sat.
My prediction is that its gonna go up so hodl for few hours
i'm a complete newfag, what is macd?
Is it a method of meme lines?
4391127no way of knowing until it breaks one way or another, it bounced off 675 and this sideways movement is not reassuring, all previous signs pointed to uptrend but i can't tell....
Going to 1,4k sats tonight.
Atleast.
I have 20% sell order at 1,4k and rest later.Lets go bois
And we are going up.
Not fucked at all.
Just set a stop loss My guy.How much did you buy?
Honestly think it's gonna hit right under 1k sats
I think its because btc hasnt tanked yet.
Once BTC shorts (which It will) this shit will moon.
And cast the sell nets incase btc starts to fall
What's the best play to use that 20% profit for?
Reinvest BAY?
or increase BTC stack/another alt?
Watch to see what btc is soing before you put back into shitcoins.
Hold tight
Ive been holding both since early this year.
Glad theyre going up.
If u really put in 5btc... congrats my dude
Once BTC shorts (which It will) this shit will moonwhy do you say this?
I would predict the opposite unless youre implying people are seeking to ride it out in alts
It's about to take the fuck off it looks like.
Volume steadily increasing, MACD looks good and so does the MA.
Breakout soon?
Brainlet here.
Whats a good site or youtube channel where i can learn how to make meme arrows?
check out btckyle's beginner videos
+ post thread for BAYThis is quite refreshing
Big updates, revised staking awards, improved marketplace, peg incoming, etc.BAY is on.
BAY is my main investment right now, been hodling for a month, feelsgoodman.
It's super valuable IMO.
Fuck ebay.
read thesehttps://www.tradingview.com/chart/BTCUSD/XRbcFKkm-BTCUSD-Perspective-And-Levels-B-Wave-And-Resistance-Zone/and https://www.tradingview.com/chart/BTCUSD/G0PE8sRO-BITCOIN/Its gonna happen and when it does, these shitcoins will moon
hmm, the writer of the analysis in your first link was seeming to imply a correction was coming and he didn't foresee it reaching ATH imminently.
The second writer said 8k any minute now.
lol.
What's a goy to believe?
Sorry to ask, in case anyone can give their opinions, what do people think BAY and LMC might go up?
I am holding a little of both.Do people think up, down and when maybe?Thanks in advance.
Just wanna know other peoples thoughts and why.Thanks
-48 hours, tentatively.
you may have missed the boat for LMC.
If the predictions / targets are valid for BAY we are still in time / early to the party.
Sold lomobags for this
bay is rising
FUCK Whales are calling to buy nowGet ready for a third fush
Thank you
thank you
 liftoff is happening get you some!
fomo'd the fak in at 680 bring it
HERE IT COMES NIGGAS
we mooning?
yeah i think this candle that's underway is gonna be the one that breaks resistence, its fluxd a lot around 675-690, i would hope we get to 800 by mid day, its just taking for fucking ever
The order books looks rigged to fuck against us...
I may go in with 0.1 bitcoin at lower levels.
Any one got any other perspectives?
Strap in cunts here we fucking go
k sats in 5 minutes screen cap this
I went for it, the momentum is flying with this one27.5K BITBAY IN WALLET LETS DO THIS
im scared
FUUUUCKKKKK the G forces on this bad boy are out of control!
GOT IN 696 ALREADY 745 LMAO MOOOON
based op
BOOOOOOOOOOOM
keep hodling or sell?
praying for 1.4k
FEELING BRETTY BRETTY GOOD!
this is a hodlcoin
lol were not stopping
OP WAS RIGHT WTF
OP sold at a loss and went to bed lmao.
Poor bastard, would've never been on my radar without his input.
God bless.
cryptoinsiderbit is /ourguy/
im gonna send him 10% just to be kind for the same reason
WHYD YALL DUMP
top man, I would do the same if I wasn't poor af.
Crashing SELL SELL SELL BACK TO 100 SAT
4392487shaking out the weak hands, another wave incoming...

shut up fudboi
IgnoreLets keep this bad bay steady
Sell at 1000, buy back at 800 and sell again at 1500?
im holding till at least 1k
lmao i love how OP leaves and the thread just goes back to regular old biz shilling
I have sell orders at 1000, 1100 and 1300
>that 10 bitcoin bid at 740 HNNNNNNG
Nice wall
next wave inbound lads, those bids are STACKING
next wave inc
praying for 1.3kwant my 2x god damn please god i know i sinned im going to be a good boy from now on
Fell short, I think we may be bouncing around 700-800 mark for a while.
May be a while or may not have the momentum to carry us through to 1000 any time soon.
is the dream dead?
not yet, we have to believe
Nah, volume is still increasing and we're about to breakout in another hour or so
OP please post your twitter/telegram anything where we could see your other posts
charts not looking good
Sold at 780 , Buying back in 650 or lower nothing personal
I too sold at 740 satoshis, thought it could break 800 at one point but it's at massive gains already today and not looking good.
How low will this drop and will we breakout again?
sell at 720 or hodl?
im still hodling, lets see what develops
it's bullish still.
it's a mimic of the pattern that tipped off OP to this moon mission, so unless it dips below about 690 you shouldn't be concerned
looks pretty bullish still to me
and it won't, those buy walls have been moved around to keep it right at this dip so whoever is whaling it up can accumulate before the next pump
god damn its 6 am when is this shit hitting 14k sats
and here we go againnnn
iron fucking hands baby
>FOMO sets in
Syncing works.
Just wait.Also regarding the marketplace, it must takes some time to sync too.
And also regarding the marketplace is not reflective to its usage, many people use private marketplaces and private contracts instead of the public marketplace.
I mean stuff like this: https://twitter.com/The_Blocknet/status/922714623333330944Also take in mind that the GUI is being redone right now so don't judge on the looks.
Moreover the web wallet will get released this end of the year and the mobile wallet in early 2018.
Get ready,
hol up hol up*smacks lips*so you be sayin*nigs nog*we wuz-*combs afro*EBAYS N SHEEEIT
I'm the one that called STORJ, Faggot.
Stop larping as The Old Man.
But, unfortunetwly ro you, it's about over.
shouldn't larp as The Old Man.
Deleted my OG post, but here is my follow up immediately after it started right where I predicted.
i dont understand that pic?
u brought in at 730?
sold then brought back in at 730?
sold at 730 them 5 minutes bought back
Yeah but more.
It has huge potential for both the mainstream market like ebay/amazon but also for dark markets as the marketplaces can be set to private and they are fully anonymous, trustless and p2p.
This is secured by the Bitmessage protocol + a Tor/Proxy integration, and you are free to use any currencies so you can make sure to be fully anonymous.
Bitbay itself is a PoS 3.0 currency, a trustless contracting platform (you can make unbreakable contracts without third parties, including time based contract thanks to the recent exotic spending update) and it allows public and private marketplaces.
See pic related how Bitbay destroys its competition.
Soon the Bitbay team will release a new client GUI, website and web wallet, and for early 2018 it will be the mobile wallet + the dynamic decentralized peg.
Gonna be huge.
I'm accumulating before it becomes a top 50 coin in early 2018 as I predict.
Multiple people knew STORJ was going to moon.
It has too much value and is undervalued.
I have a feeling the afterparty of this party is gonna be going on for a while, volume is higher than any of the previous upward spikes and those lasted over 14 hours.
edit - in fact the past 24 hours is the highest volume since june.
this could go for a while longer
I hate this shit, get raped by fees.
fuck gona set a sell order for 980 and go to bed
The party ain't ending until the dynamic peg of early 2018 is released.
People have until this date to accumulate.
It is stupid to buy after the updates are released, better invest before to not miss them sweet ROIs.Pic related schedule.
After this pump the price will stabilize to a 50m marketcap but in the end of December it will pump again to 100m at least.
Yes I am a prophet.
christmas surprise
Everyone loves surprise gifts.
I bought in at 750As you can see here4390111I was very skeptical about this since the price didn't move 3 hours after OP's pot but just checked again and it's now moving up so let's see.If op is ight he's gonna get a lot of respect from this board or at least from me.
And also a tip since I'm not a Jew.
The truth is most of this board will sell too early regardless because most people have weak hands or are too much focused on the short term (like early BTC investors that sold at less than 1000$).
See .
Bitbay is a solid long term.
The only reason to sell this early is to lower your buy rate average by buying back at the right moment through margin trading.
Why is bitbay good longterm in your view?
looks like any old shitcoin to me
It's the future of decentralized ebay/amazon type shit, best of it's kind
I've got 25k.
I am unsure how long-term long-term is in this case.
I've held for a max of 3 months on any single coin that I've owned, some positive results some negative.
I believe this cycle will take us over 800 sat, flux has been stable between 750 and 780 for like 2 hours.
if you bought btc under a dollar and didn't sell (at least a good portion) at 1k there is something wrong with you
You're insane if you think a massive correction isn't coming, anyone that's made huge gains should probably drop out fairly soon and rebuy after it bombs.100% increase in 24h?
Have you forgotten BCH already?
This is something that has been concerning me as well, I suspect a retrace to 550 or so is possible once the afterburners cool down today
4393498I will research, but basic trading says to get out of this for abit.
4393520Nothing matters in crypto, anything can happen.We've seen coins shoot up like 200% in not even 2 days so it's not farfetched to believe that something semi-valuable like bitbay could with some updates and shit.
Hey anon thanks for this call.
Sold at 780 cuz double top.
Might buy more of it dips.
Do you have a telegram op?
Yeah, it could happen, but imo the risk that the opposite happens is high enough to consider getting out, at least if you've already made bank.
It's a coinflip though so do what you will.
anything can happen.yeah, I tend to agree with that as well.... 1k sat still probably possible today lol
That's why you set trailing stop losses :)
See .
Right now Bitbay has the best tech in crypto regarding both trustless contracting (they are the only ones doing it) and p2p decentralized anonymous marketplaces (both public and private markets).
In addition to that it has time based contracts to create assurances and more, a very secure wallet (multi sig, built in anti keylogger, built stenography, cold stalking, joint accounts with two computers etc...), p2p anonymous messaging, reputation system and notary capabilities + many others things.And the coolest stuff that I am waiting for is the dynamic peg of 2018.
It will be the first decentralized peg in crypto.
Its aim is to eliminate volatility to facilitate consumer adoption.
It is really a huge deal.
Basically it has some solid tech and a huge market potential.
It could become a huge platform.
They are only getting started.
New revamped GUI soon, new web wallet and mobile wallet, more features etc...Look https://twitter.com/The_Blocknet/status/922714623333330944, even Blocknet (first independent decentralized exchange and inter-blockchain protocol, currently valued at 110m) is hyped.
Gonna be huge.
month is nothing in the real world of institutional investors.
One year for long term holds is the minimum.
You just gotta find the good gems.
I think Bitbay is one.I think it will stabilize to around 50m.
Many updates are coming this end of the year.
It is not the end of bitbay's pump, just the beginning.
Anyone else jumping on LMC from op's call?
Said it could go to 1400 tomorrow night.
yall think it will go up again?
im assuming not, not sure if i should pull out at like 730 sats
3 month is nothing in the real world of institutional investors.
One year for long term holds is the minimum.
You just gotta find the good gems.
I think Bitbay is oneOk.
This has been a good thread.
I'll see you anons in future BitBay threads.
for now I must shower and cook before school.
>first all nighter in 3 months is over
43935204393567I think Bitbay is done for now.
This pump was triggered by an update.
Let it cool down and get in the train later, because 2018 is going to be crazy for bitbay.
Now you're aware of what it can do, be prepared for next time
still made a nice 15% profit thanks OP
Storj was a planned pump actually and widely known.
You also called it after it gained most of the value it was going to.
I made 15% toofeels good, I don't swingtrade often I hodlI got to say, glad this has put the project on my radar.
On an unrelated note, how liberating is it to be in the thick of the digital gold rush?
I smell economic freedom!
Reminder that I tried to get you all on the bitbay train for ages but everybody called me a Pajeet, feels good now.This is just the beginning, this is going to compete with ebay some day'But first it will overtake Syscoins
Like I said in , I think the price will stabilize to a 50m market cap, but that will pump again later for the next update releases that is the new website and web wallet, and shortly after the Christmas Surprise + new desktop GUI.
Just keep in touch with  roadmap and Bitbay news.
Yes this thread was not bad for a change.
Good luck to you anon.
0.03 centsHaha yeah man I was talking about Bitbay when it was 0.015/0.020 cents.
Pic related is me trying to warn /biz/ that there is a lot of money to be made with this nice project.
It was my way of thanking them for the help I received from them in the past.
Of course they didn't listen.
I think it was your post that made me buy it bro, you helped atleast someoneStill after this huge moon it stole the attention for some time but /biz/ will resume to BCC and LINK shitposting, they will never learnSee you on the moon