Is this /cuck/coin going to do anything besides float between $55 and $65?
Even with BTC being bipolar as fuck lately this coin has been extremely stable.
why can't you respect stable growth?it went up from ~$50 to $62 in a stable pase in about 1.5 months.
the fuck are you complaining about?
fucking moonboy
Btc is lambosLtc is toyotas
I bought in at 64Just waiting to go to 1k
Eth has been floating between 290 and 330 in the same time period, but the difference is big enough where you can BLSH and make a decent profit.
Not with LTC.
feeling comfy with these ATHs :)
evaluates based on fiatits been in a downward spiral you goof
 satoshi value mattersit fucking doesn't.
if bitcoin explodes because bitfinex gets shut down r u still gonna "muh satoshi"r you still gonna "muh bitcoin" when that shit loses 90% of it's USD VALUE
200 or 500$ soon.
Patience faggot, LTC's patterns are so fucking obvious only a retard couldn't see them.
We're in accumulation phase currently.
he thinks it's going to 1ko i am laffin
I don't see it.
It's usually tied to BTC but it hasn't done shit during the recent dip or ATH.
It's just stayed still.
Just look at the charts of BTC and LTC.
Every time BTC goes to correction after a new ATH, LTC moons because it's the fastest, easiest, and cheapest alt to use for making transfers across exchanges or to cash.LTC has been stable through this all, and is primed to moon once BTC settles.
Probably gonna moon into 3 digits but correct to $90
>randomly moons
lmao at ur life
OH FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK ITS LAMBO TIME
$66,8Damn, this thread isn't even cold yet.
Here we go boys
WE GOING UP NIGGAS
caring about western exchangeskoreans are the market makers whit boi.if btc dies ltc will continue downwards, it held up in fiat once due to manipulation (self admitted to) from a small reddit whale.
otherwise it's been shit.
BTC PULLING BACK WE GOING +20%
what is bitcoin cashthe market's different now.
A slower, equally cheap alt with less market penetration than LTC
Dude LTC has it's own secure source of hash power, since it runs on Scrypt it doesn't have to compete for hash power.
BCH runs on SHA256 and it's constantly fighting to get miners to mine it.
market penetrationthe neets buying stuff on overstock and some trading pairs on some exchanges isn't going to do shit
When the druglords, gun runners and pedo networks start having an interest in LTC we're golden.
SeeBitcoin needs litecoin for bloat and slow transactions
Right, so after btc pumps sell for bcc, after bcc pumps sell for btc.
Since they're inversely proportional you could ride both waves simultaneously for eternity until one dies.Ltc barely even pumped during the august harvest and it was one of the last to do so, there's no "if btc moons and correct then ltc will moon!"
pattern here.
Nah it wont.
We will have big crashes though.
Regardless, expressing shit in BTC makes 0 sense unless you are a BTC maximalist.
Sell the news.
The technicals on this still look like shit.
If the 4 hours candles stop looking like dogshit I'll pay attention to it.
I'm not FOMO into a news based pump during a bearish trend, particularly since that news while very good from a technological perspective, isn't all that interesting since for most people lightning is already a foregone conclusion, won't matter till it's actually operational.
It makes sense if you trade in btc markets.
If you trade in Eth markets then you accumulate Eth.
USDT only makes sense for people in USDT markets, but most of you are newfags who buy with btc but pay attention to the fiat value which is why we remind you of this.Also note that most alts (and the algos behind the bots) are programmed to trade alongside the btc value, so if btc stumbles your shitty alt will fall headfirst.
Until the market collectively decides to peg to USD instead this is how it's going to be.
The 4 hour candle is massive and high point
HERE WE GO LITECOIN MARINES
Bought 2 of these back in 2013.
Forgot about them and found the wallet on an old laptop a few days ago.
Empty.
kek.
good observation actually.
It just updated for me.
It looks decent, although I'd personally observe for a little longer to make sure the trend is confirmed.
it just mooned 10%
NO BREAKSBREAKS
the absolute state of OP
Atomic Swap with BTC was just performed.
This coin is going to get a nice pump of up to probably 30% over the next few days, especially when Cointelegraph covers it.
Fomo buying now is dicey.
I shifted a week ago
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=82hBCfUWYNEbased charlee
Nah, check this out.
We broke out of the cloud.That's great and all but I'm personally gonna wait for a TK cross to occur (preferably above the cloud) before jumping in.
Uh.... Wth...
THOSE TALL ASS FUCKING BUY ORDERS HOLY SHIT.
Mommy I have a short on this cunt mommy please I want my money back mommy please I beg please mommy I’m killing myself
IDS HABBENING xDD
What were you saying OP?
LTC is the (old) new fast and low fee Bitcoin Cash
SHES STARTING AGAIN!!
you got pnd kek
Holding this coin for 2 hours gave me a 10% gain.
Could have been 12% but it's easy to get greedy.PND.
Sucks to be a hodl