/biz/, am I gonna make it?
Lol no
Just...>Lets buy all the top coinsNot gonna make it.
Keep BTC and LINK, sell others
No, you need to take risks.
This is like some girl's portfolio who don't know what she wants and want to be safe.
got 2.1 BTC, how about me?
I think you will anon, you have 10times what I have (more or less) but those are coins I wouldn't mind holdingexept IOTA, the whole "internet of things" might take another 10 years to get popularized, it really depends ont hat taking off, crypto being normalized and IOTA keeping it upthings that are really uncertainalso, ETH might be dumb choice for now (unless you got really early), but it will be worth holding some in 2018 IMO
ooh and Litecoin, what the fuck dude?
Crypto OG here.You will never be rich with that kind of money on those kind of coins, but if you keep at it, in 3-5 years you should be able to ensure that your life will be easier than the average person.3k in crypto on mostly top coins should be enough to ensure that you can do stuff like buy a new car, make a down payment on a new house, and have 5 figures in saving.
AKA not rich and not fuck you money, but a nice headstart on life if you're fairly young.
OP here.
I see that as somewhat making it though.
Thanks for the fair analysis!
Dude grow some balls seriously.
Everything is timing with a minimum of research
RATE ME FAGGOTS
Will I make it anon?
Add VTC, NEO and BCH for long term holds.Play the dips and rises on WTC for easy day trade gains.Look into VEN.
that diversificationlolololol bro
eth has been stuck at 275-350 for 6months.holding it for anything other than buying icos is dumb
This is hilarious
That's a lot of coss.
Damn I'm jelly.
rate me
Rate me
Thought I double posted somehow
is there no dark theme on blockfolio for android wtf
1/2
2/2
You guys are all brainlets, OMG, ETP, BTC NEObe rich in 2018
4269986W H A T  R E DY O U I N G
good but you should take some bigger risks for those juicy 10x portfolio gains
keep dat coss boiu finna be rich
how to black theme?
r8
Update and go into settings
more in bcash and doge than neoEither a genius or a retard.
There is no in between.
Nice, you'll make it anon.
Just remember to sell when one of those coins really moons
I need validation
i just had to split up my money, instead of buying just one
thanks for this, nice to see someone actually write a thought out response to the op
I already know I'm going to make it.
Looks like a solid 4-6 month strategy you're going for, ithink I like any DOGE holds right now.
You're gonna make it so hard you're gonna be wondering how is it even physically possible for someone to make it like that.
ive literally just been holding all of this for years, never bought anything all mined (besides the free bch, and neo which i dumped some of my dogepile for).
I recently got back into crypto arou d right before the bch fork.
I wish i was around in may, probably would've sold off my doge
what are your holdings?
Damn dudeWhat'd you mine DOGE with?
I'm near willing to buy some hardware to mine in a minute here (better late than never).
BTC, OMG, ODN
i was mining doge on like day 3 with some amd gpu, mined btc the same way around like 2011-2012
I built a dual card mining rig back in 2011 to mine DOGE.
Split between a friend/investor I ended up with 220k Doge for about 30USD in power costs.
I stopped mining after they announced they were making the coin infinite, the value plummeted.
Bitcoin news made me take a second look at crypto after 5 years of watching my Tesla IPO shares rise.
Dug up my old HHD I kept because it had my Doge on it, ended up being 10x my investment.
Not a bad return.
Why odn
Making it for sure, I would clear out odn for link.
1/2
/2
Can't afford more because I'm poor.
I'm hoping to be a little less poor.
4270773Do you just throw three grand into every coin you see shilled on here or something?
low market capearly pnd that scared away newbies is not related to the fundamentalsToo many people look short term and just buy whatever coin shilled hard enough on /biz/You have to identify which ones are going to survive the long run
Basically, yes.
I'm kicking myself for not buying more ARK when it was 28k sats like two weeks ago
can you guys stop posting your peanut blockfolios?
But muh $50 is going to become 50 lambos!Also post yours.
It's weird to even type this... but sell that BTC for DOGE.
DOGE is starting it's semi-annual bullrun.
is anyone else balling this fucking hard?>+42%
doge to btc price hasnt UP icked in a while, why is doge to usd price going up, where the fuck are people exchanging doge to straight USD?