https://bitsonline.com/gavin-andresen-endorses-bitcoin-cash/ITS OVER BITCOIN CASH WINS
it was over the moment the 2x fork was cancelled, i dont understand why most people here didnt go all in on BCH then, it was written on the literal wall
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GAHc8cOJf-w
4304298yeah nothing suspicious about these retarded posts at all
Holy shit it's real
Who's this Gavin fella?
All the guy said is "Bitcoin Cash is what I started working on in 2010: a store of value AND means of exchange.
"Thats all, stop the FUD, stupid news article trying to spread all the FUD, FUD all around BTC.
Its fucking unbelieveable.
Satoshi Nakamoto’s first choice to take his place as Bitcoin’s lead developer

Satoshi Nakamoto's choice as a successor.
You are here
"Bitcoin Cash is what I started working on in 2010: a store of value AND means of exchange"What was he working on in 2010?
Oh right, Bitcoin.
So Bitcoin Cash IS BITCOIN.
I didn't think it could happen until this moment.
This could be really happening folks.
Hold me.
jesus christ.... satoshi nakamoto's successor has finally broken his silence, everyone get on bitcoin cash before it moons
the messiah has spoken!
everyone spread his word!
redditors must hear about this!
BITCOIN THE FALSE GOD MUST DIE.
LONG LIVE BITCOIN CASH
Bitcoin has literally the best devs in the space who have been working tirelessly in improving Bitcoin for many years.
Fuck that traitor and fuck that centralized Chinese shitcoin.
Can't wait for the pink Wojaks in a few days.
It has begun
THE KING IS DEAD!
LONG LIVE THE KING!
Nah, he is just playing a role he's a been asigned to and earning some good money while at it.
The flippening is upon us.
He's support BCH from the start.
This is news to people?
Thank you.
It's amazing how many chink shills have appeared for this shit.
For anybody that isn't a paid shill or short term flipper, just remember this: if the chinks get their "flippening," it will be the end of the dream.
They will have destroyed all confidence in crypto as a store of value for decades, if not forever.
They're trying to kill the goose that lays the golden eggs, and they're either too stupid or shortsighted to see it.
Please tell me what the fuck is so good about small block BTC?
Lightning Network?
BCH can implement LN if necessary
Thank you.
It's amazing how many chink shills have appeared for this shit.
For anybody that isn't a paid shill or short term flipper, just remember this: if the chinks get their "flippening," it will be the end of the dream.
They will have destroyed all confidence in crypto as a store of value for decades, if not forever.
They're trying to kill the goose that lays the golden eggs, and they're either too stupid or shortsighted to see it.
Thank you.
It's amazing how many chink shills have appeared for this shit.
For anybody that isn't a paid shill or short term flipper, just remember this: if the chinks get their "flippening," it will be the end of the dream.
They will have destroyed all confidence in crypto as a store of value for decades, if not forever.
They're trying to kill the goose that lays the golden eggs, and they're either too stupid or shortsighted to see it.
It's not controlled by a chink mining cartel that manipulates the difficulty adjustment at will.It has actual developers.It has actual users.It has many more billions in financial capital and ubiquitous exchange infrastructure.Just a thing or two.
that manipulates the difficulty adjustment at will.I can't believe nobody is talking about that.
What the fuck is this shit
May have something to do with the current population of /biz/ consisting of about 5 real people and 5,000 chinkcoin shills right now
literally owned by AXA, a multinational NWO corporationwoops you just forgot about that part didnt you

EDA is being removed in 2 days by hard fork
Who gives a fuck, btc has been wrecking my alts for the past 7 months.
Its payback core whores
Bitcoin Cash Marines ASSEMBLE!
OUR TIME HAS COME!
it has actual usersI have never seen or even heard of anyone using BCH to buy anything ever.
BCH will never implement sidechains unless if forks again (lol), so you can forget about smart contracts forever.On the other hand, Bitcoin already has the infrastructure for smart contracts thanks to Segwit.What do you think is one of the most important topics of discussion in academic circles when it comes to cryptocurrencies?
Yeah, smart contracts are not a joke.
literally not understanding the meaning of the word literally>questioning the associations of a few developers on a large team>shilling for a coin whose "development team" consists of one guy who picks up the phone when Jihan calls for his difficulty adjustment
BTC has actual users?
Is that a joke ?
The only use case for BTC is buying altcoins on exchanges.
Nobody actually uses BTC because it is slow as fuck and costs too much to use
The same Gavin that thought Craig Wright is Satoshi?
It's incredible how this fucking chinks are destroying the mainstream credibility of crypto for some quick gains
I'm in alts too, so I get it.
But we can't be emotional about this shit.
The value of the crypto sector is built upon and will ultimately depend on BTC.
No need for a fork to implement LN.
Blocks are big enough to implement LN.
Only core cucks had to use Segwit because 1mb blocks are too small to implement LN.
Please DYOR
youre fucking retarded
the man who sold satoshi to the CIA
Yep.
This is what happens when miners control the reins to development.
All your "solutions" will be on chain and fee generating for miners, regardless of what would be the most advantageous for users or sustainable for the ecosystem
Chinks are the greediest most short sighted people on the planet.
They'll be the downfall of crypto if they're allowed to continue the kike role playing they love so much.
And you're cancer.
Neither is an argument.
The fee for transferring and selling bitcoin is similar to the one of selling an equivalent value of gold, if you think that is anywhere close to being fair and functional for a few bytes then you are as deluded as them.
you might as well use visa if youre gonna use centralized off-chain technologies
Normies want BTC.
Case closed, get rekt.
/thread
It's not a means of exchange anyway.
Nobody is fucking wait for multiple confirmations on ten minute blocks.
The only currency that will actually be used like that is something with far faster block times or a second layer like lightning network.
Finally someone with sanity on /biz/, all these retards thinking the de facto crypto coin will just bow down with the most recognition, best developers, and most volume.
Literally wut.
but if it takes 2 days to send a payment + it has high transaction fees + it decreases in value.
Then I am not sure normies care whether it is called bitcoin or bitcoin cash
BCH can implement LN without a fork.
Core didn‘t tell you that?
good point, we will see what happens, in that case I will jump on BTC
They won't because the whole fucking reason BCH spawned was anger over modifying the Blockchain.
Upvote leddit /btc story>/bitcoin not censored>this story not there
no normie is even looking at that shitthey will see .999999995 bc and be like oh cool!