Please don't tell me there is if you're just shilling.
I'm fucking poor.
My bags would be so small they wouldn't benefit anyone.
Someone just give me some honesty.
Please.
I haven't made a green trade in fucking months.
No.
Hold BTC.
Absolutely no point.
It's a dead coin with no transactions, so soon also no miners.
no one knows.
the fact that you don't realize this makes me realize you'll always be poor.
Honestly, it's a crap shoot right now.
The fork not happening with the difficulty adjusting and roger potentially cashing out - who fucking knows.If I didn't get screwed over waiting for my coins to get to an exchange, I probably wouldn't be holding right now.
Guess I missed another rocket.
Time to crawl back into my hole and gamble away the rest of the pennies I have left on shitcoins.
Definately, I just got another 4.
Hodling 17 of them now.
BTC will die when BCH gets 90% hash
Suck my dick, with this "no one knows" bullshit.
This isn't roulette.
There's indications to buy/sell things.
Don’t risk it anon, BTC has been undefeated at every other takeover attempt and their main attack on the exchanges has ended now with the difficult adjustment kicking in within 8hrs that will once again make btc the most profitable chain for miners.That doesn’t mean it’s impossinle but if I were a betting man I know where my money would be
Take notes kids..
This is how you become broke.
Is what's going on now a dead-cat bounce fellas?
Good luck with 10$ transaction fees and 6 hours transaction time.
BTCuck yes!
There's indications to buy/sell things.yeah like anyone with a decent bankroll would just show the market their hand and intentions.
looks very much likeI'll hold these bags til they are worth something or until I die and just start a new stack.
No, its the rocket landing on moon and flying to saturn.
Same - BCH BAGHOLDER AND PROUD!!!
wouldn't say I'm proud...
I just chose the worst possible time to move some coins between exchanges...
I would've cashed out the second they landed if bithumb hadn't eaten shit
God damn lads, I'm sick of being poor.
yes, being poor is assholes
How fucking dumb are you?
It has nothing to do with how good the tech is.
If it was then ETH would be 20 times the value of BTC and BCH combined.
Its about the name, the history of the coin, the huge adoption of it and other factors.
Try cash your BCH for fiat now without going through BTC, you cant!
This shit is just a bunch of chinks and Roger Ver getting super rich off of your stupidity.
BTC will die when BCH gets 90% hashIt won't, because there's nothing to mine, nobody is using BCH to trade.
BCH's blocks are sweet profitable candies but they're sparse as hell, unprofitable in the long run, nobody wants their machines idle.
you cant trade with BCH, the only thing you can trade is BTC.
its a trash chink shitcoin.
do it.
its on a water break right now but it will be pumped in 30 minutes or less
everyone is using BCH to trade you fuckface
learn to read charts and it'll be less of a gamble
the only thing you can trade is BTC,what the fuck is wrong with dumb pajeets like you?
This is just the start, the flippening is coming.
They're trading between themselves, it's all on exchanges.
It's just numbers going from one exchange user to another.
then explain why the coinmarket cap is going up on BCH dumbfuck
https://blockchain.info/unconfirmed-transactions>btc unconfirmed trades
6 hours transaction timetry 6 days, at least
how much are you being paid to talk this absolute horseshit?
No one is dumb enough to not understand that you cant trade with BCH other then buying or selling BTC.
its happening, youre being left out