Fuck this chink shitcoin.
Will it ever moon again?
Better sell and buy DGB now, news coming in today..
can you be more specific what kind of news are we expecting from DGB?
lol
Don't buy DGB for fucks sake...and get rid of this chink shitcoin.
Someone has a fuck load everytime i look at the order book 40k or more are being dumped
holding a bit of WTC rn against BTC.WTC dropping cuz BTC going up, dont worry.
it will pop back in a day or so.
do w.e you want but i plan on holding for a couple more days before exiting regardless of where its at.i think it will be back in the $8 range sometime soon just based on the historical data.just dont fall for the HODL meme.
if theres gains, take them
IMO, WTC is on sale rn.look at a 4hr and 1 day chart and make sure to zoom out.
add some bollinger bands and see the constricting showing some price action about to happen.factor in the MACD on the 1 day chart, and this thing is getting ready.Learn basic TA and you wont stress as much
Are you really invested in this and don't know anything?Sell now fagot, in 1-2 days it pumps to new ath, remember this and wonder how the fuck I know this and you are so poor and cluless, start rethinking your investments, life and choices.Or just shrug it and say it was lucky guess, stay in denyal.Gl anyway.
some anon said that they will pump ithe called that vechain will pump soon, followed by mod na wtcSo if vechain moons somewhere around the next 48 hours buy wtc/mod I guess
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCxODjeUwZHk3p-7TU-IsDOA > This channel , just visited WTC today, video coming soon> live demo of the chain and RFID in action this month, > partners jumping in on the public blockchain beta test in december, > WTC is MINABLE in the wallet.
> patents on revolutionary RFID's that can mine whilst in transit> Government backing> Microsoft has started doing the exact same thing.
This thing has not even begun to moon,
you guys heard of WABI?
it's gonna be huge
Sometimes the retardation round here is physically painful.What price was WTC at before the general alt drop in the run up to the cancelled BTC hardfork?What price did it go down to in the run-up?What price did it go up to after the fork was cancelled and the BTC bullrun stopped?What price did it go down to when the BTC/BCH tussle went on?What price is it at now?Answer these questions and you should have a pretty fucking good idea of where this coin wants to be and where it will be as soon as the lag from today's BTC run ends.The real question, though, is why you haven't been buying each of those dips and making 20%+ on every bounce?
I did bitch.
Increased my WTC stack by about 600.
I can see the support and moon levels (although I WISH I sold when it mooned after the Segwit2x cancellation.
Thought it was going to keep mooning and we have another month long bull run.
)However, I’m fucking sick of holding this shit.
It’s a chink scam until proven otherwise.Now with Microsoft entering into this space using Ethereum, who gives a fuck about muh China.All you western piggu love investing in chink coins you know nothing about.
> China will want to use its own blockchain and not a western oneOk great.
But all the investors in this are western.
Boxmining video probably isn’t going to do anything.
Anybody who is aware of WTC is already invested.
However, we’ll just have to hold until blockchain release in Jan.
If it barely moons then falls, it’s dead and officially time to GTFO.
Alpha complete as of 11/10.
Go check plebbit if no believe.
Blockchain explorer, wallet and full node tested.Beta release in December.They've maintained excellent communication with community.
Their only 'hiccup' was having to delay a month.I've been in since $0.82 up 9x at the high and still 3x at current levels due to buying anything sub $4.70.$7-8 should be doable by EOY.
$16-20 by mid/late 2018.
Wtc is a cheap and mediocre attempt to do what Wabi / wachain coin has and is already doing.
Sell now if you have any brain cells.
Wtc will never b able to meet it's roadmap
Buy PoSW it's pumping