PLEASE DONT TELL ME THIS WAS THE FUCKING DIP
lmaoooo altcoiners BTFO
It will crash to 4k.
Just wait.
that's not how this works senpai
It really won't.
Whether it will skyrocket is the only question.
It may linger in the 7000's for a while - or it may launch to above 8k cause honeybadger BTC dont give a fuck...
Honestly, I think that the influx of more people investing and the fucking HODL meme are starting to make it fucking resilient to shocks
Nah the market needs to go down at some point.
This may very well be the top for the year.
i went long on margin right now, kek
Good luck anon
lucki don't need it but thanks.
i've made +50% today by longing and shorting btc after segwit2x' announcement
At least somebody gets it.
Markets can't go up forever.
It's literally impossible because of how humans are wired
Thats good man, Ark made my day anyway
They are trying to liquidate shorts.
Too many people shorted bitcoin right now, it will go down hard after the shorts have been liquidated.
Idiot.
Hyperinflated after 3 forks and you think it'll "skyrocket" - it's due a massive correction.
it's due a massive correctionWhy because you think so?
Everyone in the market seems to disagree, hence the price.
The market is a drooling retard
Everyone in the market seems to disagree, hence the price.yeah somebody has to buy ath and hold the bagsotherwise it woudn't be a market
influx of more (((people)))Let the games begin!
Just gonna leave this here...
they cant keep getting away with it
BTC has no fud left and is going to properly moon to the stratosphere now as institutional money pours in to the now safe bitcoin.
After that alt christmas will arive.
*arrive :)
BTC also has no buyers or dividends left to give in form of forks.
It's going to crash.
you're an idiot.
why would it drop to $4k after all the money that's been poured into it?
Oldfagbiztard told you this was the dip.
That means this is The Dip.
He is a Real Life Reddington.
As in "Blacklist ".
ughh because people pour money to make more money?
there is fomo on buying cheap and then there is a fomo on selling highalso a lot of people who bought late will want to sell just to save their moneyand each time it goes down there will be less willing to buy because of a fear of catching a falling knife
You've convinced me.
Just sold 100k.
Oh Fug XD
I left my lair today and I saw a brand new corvette with a fucking giant bitcoin HODL sticker on it I wanted to throw up but then I took it as a sign from a higher power to just hodl my btc