There are two types of Bitcoin owners.Group #1.
The autistic, psychotic nerds who believed in Bitcoin right from the beginning when it was still shit and most likely to fail.
It was a fool's errand but they lucked out.
These freaks have held thousands of Bitcoin through all the ups and downs - never selling a dime.
Don't get me wrong, these guys are far from smart, but they pretty much run the whole market.
They live in small apartments, eat macaroni and ride a cheap bicycle to work and school.
Their self-esteem is pretty much built on the Bitcoin fantasy and shitting on group #2.Group #2.
Normal working-class people who got into Bitcoin when it proved to be stable and profitable, pretty much in early 2017.These people have had to buy BTC little by little with their actual earnings.
Some of these people are actually rather poor so they play the "millibitcoin game", meaning they invest $20 a month and their whole investment is roughly about 50 mBTC.
Group #1 likes to make fun of this fact whenever possible, the arrogant, autistic fucks that they are.
True.Basically goes for every guy who is born rich or lucked out rich.
Normal people got into Bitcoin around 2013-2014 when it became widespread in the news.Mentally disabled people got into it in late 2017, people who go through the hamster wheel, also known as slaves.
this, I got in when btc was $400 which I think was 2013 ish
Mentally disabled people got into it in late 2017There was absolutely nothing worth respecting about Bitcoin in 2013, stop saying it was your intellect that got you into it, it was blind greed.
Group #2.
Normal working-class peopleI swear to god fucking yanks don't know what working class people areworking class people are not a group to be idealized: they are crass, ignorant, arrogant retards who disproportionately take drugs, get drunk and make consistently poor decisions which keep them from ever moving up.Before you consider feeling sympathy for these soon to be obsolete retards remember that 9/10 times they're stuck being poor because they never bothered to make the effort to improve themselves when they were young and instead chose to live in the now and pursue mindless pleasures.What you might've meant is regular joe middle class people.
A filthy prole is too dumb to even consider bitcoin.
It was my intellect actually, I took the time to read about it all on my own initiative.
I was just saying the hordes of people started pouring in around 2013.
Yeah, I dont get why people think youd have to be crazy to see the benefit in a very low fee digital form of cash with no middleman like Paypal.I think the people who got in like 2017 or later, are the "Store of Value" people who want to buy, """hodl""", and hope to be able to escape wageslaving one day.
That and the MLM folks.
Kek