Do you fags even like posts about ACTUALLY GOOD COINSthat ARE SERIOUSLY SO CLOSE TO POPPING it's ridiculous?
Most things are up today, but this one is still consolidating.$MTLOG's are going to know what I'm talking about here.
This isn't a scam.
DYOR, you probably have plenty of time to act.
Just know this is likely to start moving upwards this evening.>Inb4 $MTL heads are pissy with me for loudmouthing during an accumulation period
Felt kinda wrong but I managed to buy $MTL earlier at 777I see what you're saying.
Not a bad entry there.
Already up.
Now I kinda wanna sage so I can get more.
Thanks for the tip.
I'm about to make a fucking killing from IEXEC.
Most crypto fuckers have no clue what this technology is about to do.
Quietly supported by European and Chinese business, influential member of the Ethereum Alliance.
Prepare for each RLC token to be at least $20 in 2018.
Praise Kek!
The price was pushed down all last week.It is coming to a resolution.Check twitter.
Again.
Do your research.
This is a SOLID project at a score.This coin is quality BLOOD.You know what to do with blood.
MTL is pretty much dead in the water.
Sorry lads.
What exactly is RLC trying to accomplish.
brainlet here
Do NOT fomo into this coin.
Do your research first.
You will still be able to buy it cheap when you're finished reading.It WILL pop with a good force in the coming days.
I won't promise you massive returns, but it'll look like a lot of the best altcoins have today.Just an idea of a place to stick your chips that HASN'T already shot up.
That is simply not true.>pretty muchYou're a pessimist that's hedging there words, here.
Did you buy high?
I'm not trying to be confrontational.
Genuinely curious.
ETP.
Its so fucking undervalued with all the new exchanges and partnerships and tech that im about to bust.
Any time now it will fucking boom to +10$ and after that 100$ and after that world domination and i will able to get ten thousand nigger slaves with one (1) ETP
What coins are you fuckers exploring besides qtum, rlc, and metal?
Coins that will make you money?
You're looking for NULS
We're talking established products here.
Thanks though.
Look into syscoin.
It will be the biggest thing in crypto 2018.
I'm not going to tell you what to do, but taking profits where you can on NULS and buying into something like MTL would be a killer setup if timed well.
Believe it or not, someone just purchased $5 million link from Binance over a month and a half timeframe.
That explains the fucking bots we've been seeing for awhile.
Clever fuckers, they are about to make an absolute killing.
Mtl seeing great price action.
Ty op
Of course.$KMD also looks like a killer buy ready to pop any moment.
Good coins are posted here https://discord.gg/MmXHNwG