What is considered the cheat code to getting rich young in life?
Rather than being a 50 year old wagecuck in a mountain of debt with an ugly wife and set to retire at 100
Save young and save often.
Also gambling in crypto is not saving...Make sure to lock in some profits from time-to-time
Have a trust fund from your billionaire parents.
2 words>bank robbery
Not looking to spend my life in prison getting raped by tyrone

X X UP DOWN ○ □ LEFT R2 L1 R1 ○
Infinite money activated
buy 10000 lottory tickets and you'll become rich.
You'll be bound to win the jackpot with that many tries
Buy Link worth 5000$ or higher.
Hold 2 years.
WTF NOOOOO NOW MY LINKIES ARE GONE NOOO WHAT DID YOU DO NOOOOO
Marry rich.Caught me by surprise (my wife's parents were pros at hiding wealth), but it turned out to be a nice one.
2017>UNIRONICALLY GETTING MARRIED
i plan on buying property if my gamble ever pays off.
cheat code is LINKor marry rich.
one of those 2
Timemachine back to 2011 for BTC.
Or keep up with what's going on.
https://discord.gg/hJAgJ
I had an idea to make it but unfortunately I don't have time to build it right now so I hope one of you can make it.
Basically create a LOT of fake accounts of buy signals and crypto "advisors" on reddit, twitter, etc.
and make software that shills a bunchs of messages on them at the same time.
If you can get it to a lot of people you can make a lot without hiring any pajeets.If you're not a total retard, trading crypto is not so bad
learn how to use the bolliger bands.
take 1-2% profit every day.
no high risk.
no emotions.
doing it for a month now.
no trade failed.
fk all those lambo guarantee moon missions.
I know.Every time I get in my Ferrari, I think about what a mistake it was.
Enable godmodeTake out life insurance Kill yourself
The cheat code is living with your parents, not going to college, and wage cucking at any job for 4 years and saving every penny to build a base of money.
Then you take your 50-100k and invest it into cryptos to turn it into a million.
Then you diversify into other things like rental properties.
Should be a multi-millionaire by 28.
4248633 (OP)>The cheat code is living with your parents, not going to college, and wage cucking at any job for 4 years and saving every penny to build a base of money.
Then you take your 50-100k and invest it into cryptos And then you lose everything and an hero
implying the typical bank robbery nets above maybe 10 grand
Welp.
You can't be a young millionaire risk free.
Sadly this is the lie fed to Americans by mainstream media, believing that college will make you successful
Have a very high IQ
Have a high I.Q, have rich parents, get a STEM degree that your parents pay for, live with parents for 10 years while working and investing your money, don't spend your money on stuff like vacations or cars, easily rerire in 10 years with a million networth.