Make 10 good trades for a month Up 50%Make a single bad tradeDown 70% and diping further downI hate this bullshit market die you all faggots
You must cut losses.
Take this as a lesson.
Why most of us are so bad at trading is because we accept losses too big, while taking profits which are too small.
This is because realizing a loss is much harder than quickly taking profits.
Overall, we end up losing when we do this.
In order to become a successful trader, developing the mental discipline of cutting a loss is the MOST important thing.
Have plan before you enter into a position as to what you're going, should certain events take place.
PREDICTING what's going to happen is difficult, there are only tendencies.
It is far better to plan ahead for all possible price movements, and to act on your plan as strictly as you humanly can.
Also, set stop losses, if you arent on an exchange with a stop loss feature gtfo of that excahnge.
Fucking this.
Had to learn my lesson the hard way when I started.
Had big dreams of lambos in the sky, so when my trade went south I deluded myself into thinking maybe it's just a dip...
It's gotta come back up eventually right???
Fucking lost so much money.
I sat there holding bags like a fuckface for a month till one day I woke up and said fuck these bags!
I slowly crawled my way back up and I'm finally back to where I was before my terrible no good bad trade.
And I never go "all in" on a single coin anymore no matter how sure the gains seem.
Fucking crypto is an evil mistress but I still love her
4358073You're right i learnt my lesson but right now is to late for me to cut the loses i am 80% down i have 2k from my 10k and i keep diping further down I'll bag hold as long as i have to to get out it will probably take at least a month or I'll kms
Because you should be using a good earnings based on the POS and Masternode.
Just look how much the owner earns Diamond (DMD) https://masternodes.pro/stats/dmd
Martingale system.
Always.
why do you go all in on a shitcoin?
are you retarded?
jesus op, you're going to kys for 8k ?ok fag im going to give a few swings today.
jesus...https://discord.gg/dFrWX7
I held an NMR bag of 4K and it went basically went down 95% to 300$.I wish I cut my losses at 500$ at this point, point is I recently cut my losses and decided to only invest in good coins.Things went okay until BCH came along, converted my BTC to BCH got justed by Korean pump and dump and converted the remainder to XMR.Now I'm just holding again, I don't trust this shit with BTC and BCH.
Still down 3 - 4K from that fucking NMR and Korean pumpers.Going to hold this shit for real now until I got my money back.Long story short: hodl is good but not for shitcoins.Only hold top 10 coins for long term.
jesus, why did you bought in when it went up +50% ?
you deserve it.
muh xml muh ibm jesus....
I used to have this mentality, but your forgetting a key point.
Let's say you have $100 worth of shitcoin, the goal is to increase your money... you don't have to keep your $100 in that shit coin and hope it goes up.
You transfer your $100 to a less shitty coin.
When that coin goes up 10% you now have $110.
Congrats you are on your way back up!
You can now transfer to a new promising coin or even go back to your original shitcoin and buy $10 more of that coin.
There is another option, you can day trade that coin.
I'm doing this with BAT right now, I had about 4,000 tokens, I sell half of it two or three times a day.
I keep it safe, and each trade I sell at a peak and buy when it goes back down, I get on average 400 more tokens when I buy back in.
If the coin is actively falling this won't be too effective, but if it's settled down or near the bottom you can gain a lot of "free" coins this way.
How would one apply this to trading?
What do you do when you first trade goes south, double the position size?
Or make your stop tighter by half?
Or wait for double % profit of the 1st trades loss?